More Actions Data has a account Data Analyst Freelance Data Analyst Excel at Freelance Freelance Kingston University London, Greater London, United Kingdom 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I previously worked as a "Finance Reporting Data Analyst and Web Reporting Developer" due to a career change and shift work I now spend time creating excel workbooks to help run a more efficient household including knowing which hours/days/months I use the most/least Utilities.... Sad I know!I have a BSc (Hons) in Chemistry, SQL Qualifications and Logi Analytics QualificationsMy previous experience involved creating Excel workbooks for clients with large amounts of Data and displaying the results in charts which would be easy to update on a monthly basis.I have experience using Logi Analytics however no longer have access to the software after leaving my previous role.I have experience using advance excel functions and tools such as pivot tables, VLOOKUP, HLOKUP, INDEX, MATCH and many other functions.I work accurately and rapidly and am available to work around my shift pattern.I am reliable and flexible to fit your needs. I already earn a good salary with my new career so this work is for some extra funds to pay for holidays and gifts for myself and my partner.Unlike many other prospective analysts I do not need to do this work... I want to! I have a passions for analysis and apply it to everything I do.If you need some excel data analysis then maybe I am the person for you. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Freelance Data Analyst Excel Company Name Freelance Web Developer & Finance Reporting Data Analyst Company Name Previous Career Dates Employed 2013 – 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Surrey Education Kingston University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Chemistry Grade Upper Second Class Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2013 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis Data Analysis No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills SQL SQL No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Data has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Interests Kingston University - Company 107,413 followers Pulse 1,535,135 followers Kingston University - Company 104,141 followers
More Actions Data has a account Data Analyst Data analyst looking for business opportunities with market research companies and corporates Data Analyst-Self Employed Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India 14 14 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Almost a decade of rich experience in Market research studies and statistical data analysis.Comprehensive experience in the planning, design, execution, analysis, reporting and presentation of strategic market research projects from corporate and client-side perspectivesAn enthusiastic Market Research professional, experienced in all aspects of research and insight. Currently working with research departments and agencies, supporting organisations on a wide variety of issues. While skilled in all areas of research, particular strengths lie in ability to turn data into understanding, helping to drive action through insights. Projects cover full spectrum of research methodologies. Worked for various market research companies and pharmceutical companies as a contractor /consultant.My goal is to enjoy my work, I am passionate about data crunching and continous work is my reward from the clients as the trust they have in my quality reports.Specialties: SPSS,Report writing, Questionnaire designing,Pharmaceutical Research,Multivariate analysis See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Self employed/Data analyst/Quantitative/Qualitative Research Company Name Data Analyst-Self Employed Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 5 mos Location India A decade of rich experience in executing analytical projects.Market research is my forte combined with sound knowledge in application of statistical methods to the data. This combination is a very useful combination for deriving action oriented reports that help the client to get a newer perspective in viewing the rich data. Self employed and very entusiastic. Interested to work as Consultant for Market research companies & corporates.Some of the my work include:1) Questionnaire designing ( Consumer brand, Pharmaceutical research,Government studies & Human Resources)2) Mystery shopping reports3) Detailed oriented market research report ( Quantitative & Qualitative)4)Conjoint analysis for telephone brand of middle east country.5)Pack testing studies6)Pricing study7)Cluster analysis/Segmentation for 7 country study. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Research Club 8,534 members Euromonitor International 86,162 followers The Quantitative Market Research Forum 9,110 members Freelance Analysts 3,887 members Women in Market Research 1,962 members RNB Research - Global Market Research Company 879 members See all See all following
More Actions Data has a account Data Analyst Datamining Clinical research and data analysis Interferon Inc Greater Los Angeles Area 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data analyst with 12 years' experience in analyzing high throughput data from gene expression experiments. Experienced in scripting, statistical programming and modeling. Current project involves examining effects of doxorubicin, docetaxel, tamoxifen and other drugs on various cell lines, animal models and patients.Involved in looking at point mutations, indels genomic rearrangements and SNPs from tumor sequencing experiments.Also very interested in R, SAS and Open Clinica for EDC. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Datamining for Interferon Inc. Company Name Interferon Inc Examine trends in data from tumor tissues and create pipelines for high throughput data analysis.Create tools, manuals and tutorials. Use SOAP,PERL AND clinical software. Market analysis consultant Company Name Event management co Dates Employed Mar 2000 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 9 yrs 1 mo Data analyst QA QC Company Name A National research Institute Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Mar 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Bioinformatics Bioinformatics No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Genomics Genomics No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Molecular Biology Molecular Biology No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests OpenClinica 1,819 followers NexGen Sequencing 6,978 members Pulse 1,535,136 followers Staybridge Suites® Hotels 6,821 followers Life Technologies 105,406 followers Trial Data Solutions 27 followers See all See all following
More Actions Data has a account Data Analyst Datamining Clinical research and data analysis Interferon Inc Greater Los Angeles Area 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data analyst with 12 years' experience in analyzing high throughput data from gene expression experiments. Experienced in scripting, statistical programming and modeling. Current project involves examining effects of doxorubicin, docetaxel, tamoxifen and other drugs on various cell lines, animal models and patients.Involved in looking at point mutations, indels genomic rearrangements and SNPs from tumor sequencing experiments.Also very interested in R, SAS and Open Clinica for EDC. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Datamining for Interferon Inc. Company Name Interferon Inc Examine trends in data from tumor tissues and create pipelines for high throughput data analysis.Create tools, manuals and tutorials. Use SOAP,PERL AND clinical software. Market analysis consultant Company Name Event management co Dates Employed Mar 2000 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 9 yrs 1 mo Data analyst QA QC Company Name A National research Institute Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Mar 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Bioinformatics Bioinformatics No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Genomics Genomics No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Molecular Biology Molecular Biology No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,136 followers Staybridge Suites® Hotels 6,821 followers Trial Data Solutions 27 followers NexGen Sequencing 6,978 members Cloud Computing for Bioinformatics 1,585 members Life Technologies 105,406 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jane has a account Jane Kennedy - Data Analyst Statistical and qualitative data analysis expertise, data collection, project & stakeholder management. NHS Institute for Innovation and Improvement The Open University Birmingham, United Kingdom 98 98 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a talented and creative Data Analyst with skills both in managing data collections and analysing data, extended report writing, ad-hoc research project work and in helping secure effective relationships between all involved stakeholders in this field. I am comfortable working with both statistical and qualitative information and have a genuine flair for writing reports and presenting information in a lucid and thought provoking manner.My most recent role was working project managing the collection of hospital data on the uptake of the Productive improvement programmes pioneered by the NHS Institute for Innovation and Improvement. I worked for the Director of Productivity and Quality and National Lead for The Productive Care QIPP work stream to ensure that she always had accurate and robust information available to present to the Department of Health on the uptake of the programmes, especially in the bi-annual reports.I have worked as an Analyst in diverse industries, both in the public and private sector and am joining LinkedIn with a view to securing a new role as an Analyst/Project Co-Ordinator/Researcher/Research Assistant as my role at the NHS has come to an end following the large scale restructuring of organisations nationwide this year. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Analyst Company Name NHS Institute for Innovation and Improvement Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Coventry, United Kingdom Working for the Director of Productivity and Quality and National Lead for The Productive Care QIPP work stream, I was the Lead Analyst responsible for the collation, analysis and reporting of information from hospitals, community health organisations and Strategic Health Authorities on the uptake of the Productive Care Improvement Programmes. I also provided the team with general analytical support for ad-hoc projects, partake in brand development seminars and produce written reports for the Department of Health. My main responsibilities were as follows:* Responsible for generating ideas for the redesign of the data collection template based on feedback from submitting organisations, to ensure the template is user-friendly, as well as writing all accompanying instructions manuals and guidance notes. * Project managing the automation of the amalgamation of hospital data, which was previously a manual process. This involved working with a Developer and specifying the functionality and design of the new automated template.* Analysis of all information submitted from hospitals, community health organisations and Strategic Health Authorities.* Query management, necessitating the ability to deal with health professionals at all levels in a pro-active, helpful and supportive manner. * Discussing the priorities of all involved organisations to establish if I can help them with regional events by providing them with evidence and presentations.* Responsible for the compilation of the Bi-Annual report for the Department of Health.* Co-author of an extended report on Bureaucracy in the nursing community that was requested by the Deputy Director of Nursing for the UK within the Department of Health.* Analysis of Staff Survey and Patient Experience results and production of PowerPoint slides to summarise my findings.* Research into web-based outcomes data to substantiate the results of our Improvement programmes. Full Time Mother Company Name Full Time Mother Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos During this period I concentrated on the very important job of being a full time mother to my two young children! Sustainability Coordinator Company Name TNT Express Dates Employed Nov 2005 – Nov 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Birmingham, United Kingdom Working for the Corporate Sustainability Director, I gathered and analysed global data on all aspects of Corporate Sustainability (i.e. levels of vehicle emissions, number of vehicles run on green fuels). This involved the following responsibilities:* Analysis of all monthly data submissions from global country representatives.* Management of inconsistencies, and progressing until issue resolved on a tailored system.* Gathering of global community and supplier surveys, analysis of results and presentation of findings.* Web content management and website development.* Production and distribution of training literature and compilation of guidance notes on Corporate Sustainability data submissions.* Preparation of presentations for Director to present at bi-annual global meetings.* Preparation of half year / annual reports for global publication.* Competitor analysis – comparison of how other companies in the logistics business are faring in the field of Corporate Sustainability. Account Executive/Report Analyst Company Name ACNielsen Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Oct 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Birmingham, United Kingdom I worked on the Commercial team for the Client Director in this large market research company, within a team researching the holiday industry. This involved the following: * Client facing role involving visiting stakeholders from the holiday industry i.e. tour operators, to establish how best we could help provide information to assist them formulate their marketing strategy.* Using the tailored software I analysed multiple sets of data to prepare findings for clients, to help them with a key business issue.* Produced training materials to assist clients who had purchased the tailored software, in order for them to get most effective use of the system. Also visited clients to give demos / undertake face to face training sessions.* Helped to drive solid levels of sales for the team, and sold many suites of reports and encouraged lucrative project work with large clients.* Prepared presentations for the Client Director.* Produced Business Proposal documents and quotations for clients, as well as monitoring and progressing the sales lead spreadsheet.* Raising awareness of key business-wide issues that could be sales opportunities. * Working in close co-operation with the Report Analyst I provided specifications for the reports that had been purchased by clients, assisting with any queries on design and content. Report Analyst – permanent roleBefore being promoted to Client Executive I worked as Report Analyst on the technical team.Working with the Commercial team I established the client requirements and went on to produce tailored reports using the in-house software.* I carried out detailed checks on the resulting reports for accuracy and addressed any areas of inconsistency with the Operations Manager.* Helped with the monthly analysis of all data submissions, and checked the full suite of reports to ensure the new data refresh had worked effectively. Website Content Analyst/Specifications Analyst Company Name Jaguar Land Rover Dates Employed Apr 2000 – May 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Coventry, United Kingdom Working to guarantee the accuracy of data on a global car “configuration” website designed for potential customers my primary responsibilities were as follows: * Analysing each web screen for various Jaguar cars to ensure that every feature advertised on the site was correct, and the details given were accurate at the time of offering, this being a process I repeated for every country globally where cars were sold.* Looking at the detailed car specifications (printouts) and cross-referencing these with the site.* Evaluating images used on the site to make sure they reflected the available options, checking for any inconsistencies and raising issues with the design agency.* Ensuring that country-specific rules with regard to vehicle offering were reflected online.* Managing the launch of new vehicle specifications on the website, and associated imagery with the design agency. * Cross referencing the site with all brochures, adverts and marketing literature to guarantee consistent messages were delivered.Prior to this I was a Vehicle Specifications Analyst (agency role), responsible for the X-Type brand vehicle specification my role was as follows:* On the launch of a new vehicle type I uploaded the specification for the vehicle onto the system to enable the dealers to place orders.* Carried out detailed checks once the specification was loaded to guarantee accuracy and to ensure each country specification adhered to all marketing literature on the vehicle.* Dealt with queries from country representatives on vehicle orders, and with any resulting order amendments. Education The Open University Degree Name Master of Arts (MA) Field Of Study English Literature Grade Pass Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 The University of Liverpool Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study English Language and Literature, General Grade 2.1 Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 14 endorsements for Data Analysis 14 Data Analysis Rish Mehra and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 11 endorsements for Analysis 11 Analysis Rish Mehra and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 7 endorsements for Project Management 7 Project Management Niccei Castanheira and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jane has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Interests Innovation Lab 5,173 followers Solicitors Regulation Authority 10,271 followers Pulse 1,535,135 followers NHS Healthcare Purchasing Consortium 1,282 followers Capita 107,730 followers C-Tech Innovation 2,385 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sarnjit has a account Sarnjit Beesla Data Analyst/Engineer Rolls-Royce Digital University of Nottingham Coventry, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Over 15 years commercial IT project experience.- Microsoft Azure, Power BI & Dax- Predictive Analytics experience & proficient in statistical modelling techniques.- Data Modelling: Relational & NoSQL- Data Profiling: SQL & Big Data technologies i.e. Pig, Hive, Impala- Data Quality- Data Lineage- Business Analysis: with a primary focus on data/Integration related requirements. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Sarnjit’s Activity 628 followers "Sorry you didn't get the job......." Is a phrase I am hearing a little too much at the moment. " ... you interviewed very well and gave very good examples. You would fit the team and company but....." "....someone else had more relevant experience than you!" ".....we felt you are too senior and would not suit the role!" - in other words they think I wouldn't stay long. Even though I was with my last company for 9 years ! REALLY ?? How on earth is someone meant to get the relevant experience if you don't give them a chance? And if I felt I "would not suit the role", I wouldn't have applied in the first place! Just getting depressed and frustrated at the moment. I am in the midst of a CV rewrite and studying for PRINCE2. Trying to stay positive and keep saying to myself - it's ok ....... it just wasn't meant to be and things happen for a reason. Need to work - want to work. Hoping the coming weeks will bring some more positive news. Sarnjit commented See all activity Experience Data Engineer/Data Analyst Company Name Rolls-Royce Digital Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Derby, United Kingdom Power BI development extended using Dax.Scala, Spark, Eclipse (Maven), Jupyter Notebooks, Azure MS SQL DWH Lead Data Analyst Company Name Coventry Building Society Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Lead data analyst working on the EDW (Enterprise Data Warehouse) project.Defining data analysis deliverables to support ETL work stream. Utilising IBM Infosphere product suite. Senior Data Analyst/Modeller Company Name Lions Festivals Dates Employed Dec 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom - Lead the enterprise data modelling effort, producing 3NF logical data model for core business subject areas.- Data Profiling - Data Quality Assessment- Engaging with key business stakeholders Business Data Analyst - eCommerce/Big Data Company Name Shop Direct Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Liverpool, United Kingdom Working on the Personalisation programme @ Shop Direct.Undertook Cloudera Data Analysis training which focuses on the use of Pig, Hive & Impala on Hadoop. Technical CRM Business/Data Analyst Company Name LexisNexis Dates Employed May 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom See more positions Education University of Nottingham Degree Name MA Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1996 University of East Anglia Degree Name Msc Field Of Study Computerised Accountancy & Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Siebel See 41 endorsements for Siebel 41 Siebel Endorsed by Abid Rehman and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Sarnjit’s colleagues at Coventry Building Society Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 28 endorsements for Business Analysis 28 Business Analysis Endorsed by David Hazelwood and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Sarnjit’s colleagues at Coventry Building Society Click and drag to reorder skills CRM See 24 endorsements for CRM 24 CRM Endorsed by 2 of Sarnjit’s colleagues at Coventry Building Society Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (6) Michelle Caton Business Analysis / Technical Analysis / Project Management April 17, 2015, Sarnjit worked with Michelle in the same group I worked with Sarnjit during my time at Shop Direct. Sarnjit is a highly driven and goal orientated Sr. Business/Data Analyst who is extremely knowledgeable and experienced in his area of expertise, with the ability to easily analyse and translate complex technical requirements into more user friendly business documentation. Sarnjit’s analytical and systematic approach resulted in a deep understanding of what the customer required. He is highly experienced in his field, helpful and very personable. I would highly recommend Sarnjit to work in any organisation and I have no doubt that he would quickly become a valuable asset to the team Heli Mustonen Advisor at Sofigate November 22, 2011, Heli was a client of Sarnjit’s Sarnjit worked with me as Senior Siebel technical consultant in Siebel AMS Field Service project. To me as Service Manager it was evident from his first contact onwards that Sarnjit is a high grade Siebel professional. He co-operated extremely well with the offshore team members and did always what he promised with high quality.Overall Sarnjit did an excellent job and I can sincerely recommend him to anyone who wants to employ a Siebel professional. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Michelle Caton Business Analysis / Technical Analysis / Project Management April 16, 2015, Michelle worked with Sarnjit in the same group I worked with Michelle on the Personalisation programme @ Shop Direct. It was evident from the start that Michelle's business analysis knowledge/application of techniques was excellent. Furthermore, her capture of requirements & BR documentation was first rate and enabled me to quickly & efficiently get up to speed with the project. Michelle is extremely personable and very easy to get along with, she would be a great asset to any team. Sunil Mistry CRM Technical Lead October 30, 2011, Sarnjit worked with Sunil in different groups I worked with Sunil at Npower, and he is a self starter with a good understanding of Siebel. I found him to be very professional in all areas of work. He will also add significant additional value to any CRM project that he is involved in. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Spring Technology 20,608 followers Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,418 members Rolls-Royce 339,717 followers Forex Professionals around the World 14,370 members Dubai Recruitment 820,100 members Siebel Jobs 4,705 members See all See all following
More Actions Larry has a account Larry Miglets | Data Analyst Asset Analyst at City of Arlington City of Arlington Binghamton University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 487 487 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Analyst with extensive experience in the fast paced, highly competitive airline and retail industries. Able to react quickly to unforeseen events and changes in competitor products or operations. Successful at collecting and manipulating large amounts of data as well as designing queries and complex reports for quantitative data analysis leading to reliable business solutions. Advanced experience in applying state of the art data visualization to accomplish faster, more comprehensive reviews of performance metrics, variances and data deviations.miglets11@gmail.comPh. 817-729-1247DFW, Dallas/Ft. Worth, Dallas, Ft. Worth, Texaswww.linkedin.com/in/miglets See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Asset System Analyst Company Name City of Arlington Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Merchandise Planning and Allocation Analyst Company Name RadioShack Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Develop and modify queries (using MS Access, SQL Assistant and Teradata Warehouse Miner) used to extract relevant data from various RadioShack systems for reports or ad-hoc analysis involving purchase orders, inventory, forecasts and sales at 4,000+ domestic and international stores. Conduct analysis on data and reports, and make recommendations based on results of analysis. Along with other corporate level reports, produce the weekly OTB (Order To Buy) report containing dozens of complex Excel calculations for current and previous fiscal year weeks and quarters. When printed, nearly 150, 11x17 sheets of paper are outputted. Also a contributor to the design and development of new programs and processes. Cargo Revenue Analyst Company Name Southwest Airlines Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Analyzed cargo revenue opportunities with the goal of optimizing revenue by actively managing and evaluating pricing proposals. Evaluated cargo capacity forecasts and adjusted as necessary to balance service levels and revenue performance for assigned markets. Participated in defining and implementing technology requirements for all Cargo systems and applications. Media (1) This position has 1 media Southwest 737 - Atlanta Southwest 737 - Atlanta This media is an image Market Analyst | Strategy Analyst Company Name American Airlines Dates Employed Oct 2000 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 11 yrs 11 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Identified and implemented inventory and pricing strategies to maximize passenger load factor and yield and to improve revenue in the Miami, Chicago and Dallas/Fort Worth markets. Analyzed specific markets and created market review packages for presentation to management. Produced ad-hoc as well as periodic reports for performance metrics such as profitability, booking trends and fare class / seat availability. Project Analyst Company Name American Airlines Dates Employed Feb 1999 – Oct 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos As part of AA's Airline Management Services group, performed various project management activities for the Aerolineas Argentinas project. Maintained a detailed database for managing and analyzing changes and issues. Created queries and customer/internal reports from this database. Comprehensively analyzed Sabre project plans for task accomplishments, budget variances, logic cohesiveness and resource utilization (leveling). Media (1) This position has 1 media Project Planning, Issues & Changes Management Project Planning, Issues & Changes Management This media is an image See more positions Education Binghamton University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Media (1) This position has 1 media BU alumna. How I Became "Flo" BU alumna. How I Became "Flo" This media is a link U.S. Air Force, School of Applied Aerospace Sciences Degree Name Certificate w/ Honors Featured Skills & Endorsements Yield Management See 41 endorsements for Yield Management 41 Yield Management Endorsed by 8 of Larry’s colleagues at American Airlines Click and drag to reorder skills Access See 38 endorsements for Access 38 Access Julia Miglets and 37 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tableau See 35 endorsements for Tableau 35 Tableau Endorsed by 5 of Larry’s colleagues at American Airlines Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Larry has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course CAPM (24 contact hours) Jan/2013 Larry has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Boy Scouts of America (Eagle Scout) Interests PROS 16,447 followers CEVA Logistics 218,488 followers Neiman Marcus 93,104 followers Amazon Fulfillment Careers 11,993 members Binghamton University 86,980 followers TASC, an Engility Company 17,719 followers See all See all following
More Actions Katie has a account Katie Melber - Data Analyst "It's all in the details. Who's managing yours?" Luminex Corporation Madison Area Technical College Austin, Texas 181 181 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Sitting amidst the great divide, flanked by technology and sales, I use my passion for details, processes, and software applications to bridge the gap between IT and the business. I use my expertise to re-engineer inefficient business systems while working collaboratively with cross-functional organizations. I am known for my dedication and thoroughness, and also for my calm, patient, and cheerful disposition.STRENGTHSActivator: I make things happen by turning thoughts into actions.Learner: I am keenly interested in how and why things work. I am energized by the journey from ignorance to understanding.Analytical: I am a systematic and organized thinker with highly developed analytical skills. I have a unique way of thinking and seeing patterns where others see only chaos.Coordinator: I use my gift of organization to plan, direct, and evaluate business functions to ensure operational efficiency.Software application knowledge: Oracle R12, SalesForce.com, Avaya VOIP, Microsoft Office Suite with advanced Excel skills plus Publisher, SharePoint, Access database, and Project.Notary Public for the State of TexasFOR MY COMPLETE RESUME GO TO www.KatieMelber.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Luminex Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Austin, TX • Extensive data work including manipulation, tracking, interpreting, and reporting• Sales optimization through process improvement• CRM data harmonizing between Oracle R12 and SalesForce.com databases• Data extraction, analysis and presentation Customer Data Analyst Company Name Ajilon Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Luminex Corp • Data integrity management including analysis, reporting, and standardization to reflect Standard Operating Procedures, USPS and ISO 3166-1 Guidelines• Research and analyze customer data sets to correct errors and create alignment of cross-functional departments• Extensive Oracle R12 and SalesForce.com CRM application usage• Worked with team to create a mechanism for tracking the status of account sets with a balanced approach considering multiple departmental goals• With team, created a process for ensuring quality, accuracy, and completeness of customer records Project Coordinator Company Name Dell Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos • Created a Connected Workplace project launch toolkit for Dell Call Centers to implement globally• Aggregated data and reported on multiple Space Utilization studies of the Dell Round Rock Campus• Coordinated, analyzed, prepared, and distributed information for the Project Management Office's bi-monthly meeting Project Administrative Analyst Company Name Dell Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Round Rock, TX • Supported an Executive Director and kept the Global Inside Sales team of 135 people in the U.S. and 388 worldwide running smoothly• Managed five programs/projects concurrently (Telework, disaster recovery, sales training, facilities space coordination, and various recurring quarterly sales events) over a four-year period• Managed an annual spiff budget of $210,000 Administrative Specialist Company Name Dell Dates Employed Apr 2004 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Round Rock, TX • Managed the calendar of an Executive Director and took care of the needs of his team of 35 people See more positions Education Madison Area Technical College Degree Name pursuing Field Of Study Software Applications Specialist with a Certification in Project Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Phi Theta Kappa International Honor Society for Academic Achievement Austin Community College Degree Name moved to a technical college Featured Skills & Endorsements Salesforce.com See 18 endorsements for Salesforce.com 18 Salesforce.com Endorsed by Kevin Walkup, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Katie’s colleagues at Dell Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 14 endorsements for Project Management 14 Project Management Endorsed by 11 of Katie’s colleagues at Dell Click and drag to reorder skills Access See 11 endorsements for Access 11 Access Linda Wylie and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (4) Ed Gillispie Chief Operating Officer at bulb March 6, 2012, Ed managed Katie directly Katie was a high performing administrator with strong project management skills. She demonstrated an ability to improve efficiencies in business operations, anticipated future needs, and consistently showed quality work. Her professional demeanor, organizational skills, and positive attitude was highly valued. Kim Knowles Senior Planning Manager, OP at JLL February 29, 2012, Kim worked with Katie in different groups Katie is a pleasure to work with. She brings much expertise and professionalism to all of her projects. In one of her roles as a Facilities Building Coordinator; Katie was instrumental in coordinating and delivering a very successful project that transformed Dell Global Sales’ from a traditional space to a Connected Workplace environment.Katie communicates extremely well and works seamlessly between all levels of team members. Her collaboration and coordination skills are excellent. Katie would be a much-valued asset to any organization. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Travis Kolinek ☁ Senior Principal Consultant ☁ September 4, 2015, Katie worked with Travis in different groups Exceptional customer service provider and extremely tech savvy are the words I use to describe Travis Kolinek. Travis has consistently provided outstanding service for me, my team, and Luminex over the two year period I have known him. Despite multiple requests vying for his time and attention, he is always willing and eager to resolve our application issues (SalesForce and Oracle). He takes ownership of an issue and follows it through to resolution. He is always courteous, patient, professional, and meets our time constraints. You want Travis on your team! Brian Wild Proj Prog Mgmt Consultant at Quest August 1, 2013, Brian worked with Katie in the same group Brian's technical expertise and winning attitude made him a great asset to Dell's Global Sales team. He could always be relied upon to pitch in and help out with customer and team issues. He knows how to get things done in a timely and pleasant way. And with his exceptional work ethic and great personality he makes the work place a more enjoyable place to be. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Katie has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Scrum Master CAP-OM Interests Salesforce Power Users Group 46,112 members Salesforce Evolution 89,001 members Agile Austin 247 followers Luminex Corporation 7,830 followers Austin Community College 59,734 followers Austin Community College 62,592 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sarnjit has a account Sarnjit Beesla Data Analyst/Engineer Coventry, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Over 15 years commercial IT project experience.- Microsoft Azure, Power BI & Dax- Predictive Analytics experience & proficient in statistical modelling techniques.- Data Modelling: Relational & NoSQL- Data Profiling: SQL & Big Data technologies i.e. Pig, Hive, Impala- Data Quality- Data Lineage- Business Analysis: with a primary focus on data/Integration related requirements. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Sarnjit’s Activity 628 followers "Sorry you didn't get the job......." Is a phrase I am hearing a little too much at the moment. " ... you interviewed very well and gave very good examples. You would fit the team and company but....." "....someone else had more relevant experience than you!" ".....we felt you are too senior and would not suit the role!" - in other words they think I wouldn't stay long. Even though I was with my last company for 9 years ! REALLY ?? How on earth is someone meant to get the relevant experience if you don't give them a chance? And if I felt I "would not suit the role", I wouldn't have applied in the first place! Just getting depressed and frustrated at the moment. I am in the midst of a CV rewrite and studying for PRINCE2. Trying to stay positive and keep saying to myself - it's ok ....... it just wasn't meant to be and things happen for a reason. Need to work - want to work. Hoping the coming weeks will bring some more positive news. Sarnjit commented See all activity Experience Data Engineer/Data Analyst Company Name Rolls-Royce Digital Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Power BI development extended using Dax.Scala, Spark, Eclipse (Maven), Jupyter Notebooks, Azure MS SQL DWH Lead Data Analyst Company Name Coventry Building Society Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Lead data analyst working on the EDW (Enterprise Data Warehouse) project.Defining data analysis deliverables to support ETL work stream. Utilising IBM Infosphere product suite. Senior Data Analyst/Modeller Company Name Lions Festivals Dates Employed Dec 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location London, Großbritannien - Lead the enterprise data modelling effort, producing 3NF logical data model for core business subject areas.- Data Profiling - Data Quality Assessment- Engaging with key business stakeholders Business Data Analyst - eCommerce/Big Data Company Name Shop Direct Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Liverpool, Großbritannien Working on the Personalisation programme @ Shop Direct.Undertook Cloudera Data Analysis training which focuses on the use of Pig, Hive & Impala on Hadoop. Technical CRM Business/Data Analyst Company Name LexisNexis Dates Employed May 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location London, Großbritannien See more positions Education University of Nottingham Degree Name MA Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1996 University of East Anglia Degree Name Msc Field Of Study Computerised Accountancy & Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Siebel See 41 endorsements for Siebel 41 Siebel Endorsed by Abid Rehman and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Sarnjit’s colleagues at Coventry Building Society Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 28 endorsements for Business Analysis 28 Business Analysis Endorsed by David Hazelwood and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Sarnjit’s colleagues at Coventry Building Society Click and drag to reorder skills CRM See 24 endorsements for CRM 24 CRM Endorsed by 2 of Sarnjit’s colleagues at Coventry Building Society Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (6) Michelle Caton Business Analysis / Technical Analysis / Project Management April 17, 2015, Sarnjit worked with Michelle in the same group I worked with Sarnjit during my time at Shop Direct. Sarnjit is a highly driven and goal orientated Sr. Business/Data Analyst who is extremely knowledgeable and experienced in his area of expertise, with the ability to easily analyse and translate complex technical requirements into more user friendly business documentation. Sarnjit’s analytical and systematic approach resulted in a deep understanding of what the customer required. He is highly experienced in his field, helpful and very personable. I would highly recommend Sarnjit to work in any organisation and I have no doubt that he would quickly become a valuable asset to the team Heli Mustonen Advisor at Sofigate November 22, 2011, Heli was a client of Sarnjit’s Sarnjit worked with me as Senior Siebel technical consultant in Siebel AMS Field Service project. To me as Service Manager it was evident from his first contact onwards that Sarnjit is a high grade Siebel professional. He co-operated extremely well with the offshore team members and did always what he promised with high quality.Overall Sarnjit did an excellent job and I can sincerely recommend him to anyone who wants to employ a Siebel professional. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Michelle Caton Business Analysis / Technical Analysis / Project Management April 16, 2015, Michelle worked with Sarnjit in the same group I worked with Michelle on the Personalisation programme @ Shop Direct. It was evident from the start that Michelle's business analysis knowledge/application of techniques was excellent. Furthermore, her capture of requirements & BR documentation was first rate and enabled me to quickly & efficiently get up to speed with the project. Michelle is extremely personable and very easy to get along with, she would be a great asset to any team. Sunil Mistry CRM Technical Lead October 30, 2011, Sarnjit worked with Sunil in different groups I worked with Sunil at Npower, and he is a self starter with a good understanding of Siebel. I found him to be very professional in all areas of work. He will also add significant additional value to any CRM project that he is involved in. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,418 members Rolls-Royce 339,717 followers Siebel Consultants 5,364 members Big Data and Analytics 330,665 members Forex Trading 49,126 members Dubai Recruitment 820,100 members See all See all following
More Actions Nima has a account Nima Mohandesan Data Analysis ● Business Intelligence ● Business Analysis Margranite Industries Ltd British Columbia Institute of Technology North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada 200 200 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Nima’s Activity 202 followers What is the Difference Between Physical and Logical Operation in SQL Server Execution Plan? - Interview Question of the Week #122 - Journey to SQL Authority with Pinal Dave Nima liked See all activity Experience SALES REPRESENTATIVE Company Name Margranite Industries Ltd Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Burnaby, Canada Area Strategized sales development for market penetration into Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, and Minnesota. Gained broad exposure to a huge range of products (Natural Stone for countertops, cladding, and architectural elements) and customer interactions by extensively travelling to my territories more than 50 percent per month. GENERAL MANAGER Company Name Flat Rock international Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Location Santa Rosa, California Managed a business of Import, distribution, and installation of natural stone flooring and countertops for 7 years. Joined the company from pre-operation and managed to grow the company from 2 to 10 full-time employees in 18 months. Earned reputation for being the main supplier of flooring and countertop and recognition for excellent customer satisfaction. PROJECT MANAGER Company Name Canada Infinity Enterprise Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Studied Vancouver market for the feasibility of a full-service stone and tile business. My study comprised of market demand and trends, suppliers in China and Brazil, required machinery for stone fabrication and human capital. PROJECT ENGINEER, PROCESS AND MATERAL Company Name Sabzevar Ferrochrome Project, Dates Employed Feb 2000 – May 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Tehran, Iran Participated in research, design, and supply of high-capacity electric submerged-arc smelting furnace for production of ferrochromium base metal. Researched purity and capacity of various raw materials and forecasted requirements for 10 years of production. Education British Columbia Institute of Technology Degree Name Part-time study toward DBA certificate Field Of Study Database administration and Design Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Sharif University of Technology Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Corrosion Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Islamic Azad University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Materials Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements New Business Development See 9 endorsements for New Business Development 9 New Business Development Hamid Ebrahimi and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Sales Management See 7 endorsements for Sales Management 7 Sales Management Sean Saadatmandi and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Planning See 5 endorsements for Strategic Planning 5 Strategic Planning Sean Saadatmandi and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Ellen Comstock Sales at Pacific Stone Fabrication - 10510 46th Street SE October 27, 2016, Ellen was a client of Nima’s Nima is very professional, detail oriented and friendly. I recommend him to anyone. Jerrod Jones Business Development Manager at Integrity Staffing Solutions October 27, 2016, Nima was a client of Jerrod’s As a collaborator and innovator, Nima always brings new ideas to the table enabling clients to find more effective and efficient ways to carry out its objective to increase performance and return on investment. He has the unique ability to see both the big picture as well as the details when establishing the objectives of a particular enterprise and he looks upon new challenges as opportunities for change and growth. I have always found Mr. Mohandesan to be accessible, unflappable under pressure, and a reliable source of support. He has the unique ability to help create an environment of enthusiasm and "buy-in" where accountability and collective participation result in successful outcomes. In that spirit Nima is always open-minded and respectful of everyone's point of view. He has a way of bringing together the past, present and future to create common ground and a solid platform for constructive dialogue. In summary, Nima Mohandesan is a bright, articulate, highly motivated leader who is an upbeat inspiration to others. He operates on the facts, is open to new ideas and is diligent in exploring creative ways to overcome obstacles to success. Nima is compassionate, entirely trustworthy and a model to others for having unwavering standards of professional conduct and personal integrity. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nima has 9 courses 9 Expand courses section Courses Business Analysis and Systems Design. Business Intelligence with SSRS, SQL Server Reporting Services. Data Warehouse Foundations for Business Intelligence. Microsoft: Analyze and Visualize Data. Microsoft: Data Science Orientation. Microsoft: Essential Statistics for Data Analysis using Excel. Microsoft: Explore Data with Code-Python for Data Science Microsoft: Querying Data with Transact-SQL. Relational Database Design and SQL. Nima has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Database Fundamentals: Administration Access 2016: Queries Office 365: Access Essential Training Analyzing and Visualizing Data with Excel Certificate for Querying with Transact-SQL Verified Certificate for Data Science Orientation Nima has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Persian Interests Lynda.com 122,766 followers Sisense 10,211 followers SMEI - Sales & Marketing Executives International, Inc. 16,894 members Leadership & Management 24,847,238 followers Business Analytics, Big Data, and Artificial Intelligence 182,236 members Vancouver Business Intelligence & Data Warehouse Networking Group 1,644 members See all See all following
More Actions Larry has a account Larry Miglets | Data Analyst Asset Analyst at City of Arlington City of Arlington Binghamton University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 487 487 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Analyst with extensive experience in the fast paced, highly competitive airline and retail industries. Able to react quickly to unforeseen events and changes in competitor products or operations. Successful at collecting and manipulating large amounts of data as well as designing queries and complex reports for quantitative data analysis leading to reliable business solutions. Advanced experience in applying state of the art data visualization to accomplish faster, more comprehensive reviews of performance metrics, variances and data deviations.miglets11@gmail.comPh. 817-729-1247DFW, Dallas/Ft. Worth, Dallas, Ft. Worth, Texaswww.linkedin.com/in/miglets See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Asset System Analyst Company Name City of Arlington Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Merchandise Planning and Allocation Analyst Company Name RadioShack Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Develop and modify queries (using MS Access, SQL Assistant and Teradata Warehouse Miner) used to extract relevant data from various RadioShack systems for reports or ad-hoc analysis involving purchase orders, inventory, forecasts and sales at 4,000+ domestic and international stores. Conduct analysis on data and reports, and make recommendations based on results of analysis. Along with other corporate level reports, produce the weekly OTB (Order To Buy) report containing dozens of complex Excel calculations for current and previous fiscal year weeks and quarters. When printed, nearly 150, 11x17 sheets of paper are outputted. Also a contributor to the design and development of new programs and processes. Cargo Revenue Analyst Company Name Southwest Airlines Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Analyzed cargo revenue opportunities with the goal of optimizing revenue by actively managing and evaluating pricing proposals. Evaluated cargo capacity forecasts and adjusted as necessary to balance service levels and revenue performance for assigned markets. Participated in defining and implementing technology requirements for all Cargo systems and applications. Media (1) This position has 1 media Southwest 737 - Atlanta Southwest 737 - Atlanta This media is an image Market Analyst | Strategy Analyst Company Name American Airlines Dates Employed Oct 2000 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 11 yrs 11 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Identified and implemented inventory and pricing strategies to maximize passenger load factor and yield and to improve revenue in the Miami, Chicago and Dallas/Fort Worth markets. Analyzed specific markets and created market review packages for presentation to management. Produced ad-hoc as well as periodic reports for performance metrics such as profitability, booking trends and fare class / seat availability. Project Analyst Company Name American Airlines Dates Employed Feb 1999 – Oct 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos As part of AA's Airline Management Services group, performed various project management activities for the Aerolineas Argentinas project. Maintained a detailed database for managing and analyzing changes and issues. Created queries and customer/internal reports from this database. Comprehensively analyzed Sabre project plans for task accomplishments, budget variances, logic cohesiveness and resource utilization (leveling). Media (1) This position has 1 media Project Planning, Issues & Changes Management Project Planning, Issues & Changes Management This media is an image See more positions Education Binghamton University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Media (1) This position has 1 media BU alumna. How I Became "Flo" BU alumna. How I Became "Flo" This media is a link U.S. Air Force, School of Applied Aerospace Sciences Degree Name Certificate w/ Honors Featured Skills & Endorsements Yield Management See 41 endorsements for Yield Management 41 Yield Management Endorsed by 8 of Larry’s colleagues at American Airlines Click and drag to reorder skills Access See 38 endorsements for Access 38 Access Julia Miglets and 37 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tableau See 35 endorsements for Tableau 35 Tableau Endorsed by 5 of Larry’s colleagues at American Airlines Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Larry has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course CAPM (24 contact hours) Jan/2013 Larry has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Boy Scouts of America (Eagle Scout) Interests Bernard MarrBernard Marr is a LinkedIn Influencer Best-Selling Author, Keynote Speaker and Leading Business and Data Expert 1,013,000 followers Tableau Mapping 1,757 members CEVA Logistics 218,488 followers SeatGuru / TripAdvisor 2,127 followers Amadeus IT Group 122,028 followers BNSF Railway 64,585 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ann Merin has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Ann Merin Peter Senior Business Intelligence Developer / Data Analyst Hewlett Packard Enterprise The University of Alabama in Huntsville San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced professional with 9 years providing data warehousing, data modeling and reporting projects in Oracle, SQL Server, Microsoft Business Intelligence, HP Vertica, SAP Business Objects, Crystal Reports and Xcelsius.Specialized in Statistics, Logistic Regression, stochastic models, Markov chain, Quantitative methods, Decision modeling and Decision Trees using R, Python and Tableau.Proficiency in Predictive analytics, Data visualization, Advanced Analytics, Data mining, Data warehousing and Data modeling with passion for Data Science.For any opportunities in Data Sciences and Analytics please feel free to connect with me or reach out to me. I'm seeking full-time opportunities and I look forward to connecting with you at annmerinp@gmail.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ann Merin’s Activity 916 followers Why are you looking for a Job change? / Why so many Jumps? Every candidates Lie saying that they are looking for a better opportunity because he or she has their own responsibilities & liabilities How many of you have said true about your present company and got Job ? Only few says they are leaving for various reasons like - No motivation, Culture fitment, Fussy Bosses, No Salary, or Personal.....Do they get Job.??..NOO...... Some are genuine and some are forged. Hr should Stop using their own brains to doubt every word candidates speak. It's time HR should start trusting candidates . People leave company for a reason "Why not HR Should focus on retention of employee or How best they can do for employee to make them stay longer?" #Copied #Pasted Ann Merin liked Homeless In Huntsville Ann Merin liked We are hiring...Life Sciences professionals in Commercial & Clinical Spaces... 1) MDM Architect with Life Sciences Commercial experience (San Francisco Bay Area) 2) BI/ ETL Technologist with Life Sciences Commercial experience (San Francisco Bay Area) 3) IT GxP Compliance AD/ Director (preferably in the San Francisco Bay Area or anywhere in the US) 4) Life Sciences Principal (San Francisco Bay Area) - to manage Saama's business at a Life Sciences client including existing delivery, operations, client relationships and growth 5) Life Sciences Principal (Greater LA area) 6) Life Sciences Sales Director (Greater LA area) 7) Various Life Sciences leadership roles in the US East Coast Feel free to reach out to me if you're interested in any of these positions - Benzi.Mathew@saama.com . Ann Merin liked I went to a job interview yesterday. To test my influencing abilities, the interviewer said, "sell me this pen" I picked up his pen and his laptop and his paper folder and walked out of the room. "Wait there" I said as I left. Now I'm at home with all his interview notes, a new laptop and a new pen. He's pretty keen that I sell them all back to him going by the 30 missed calls. Do I get the job? Ann Merin liked See all activity Experience Technology Consultant Company Name Hewlett Packard Enterprise Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location Bangalore, India Implemented different data warehousing projects using SAP Business Objects, Microsoft Business Intelligence, SQL Server, Oracle and HP Vertica. Designed reports using infoview and crystal reports by pulling data from HP Vertica. Developed SSAS models and SSIS Packages for managing the Analysis and ETL for collating various data across different databases including SQL server and Oracle.Succeeded in onboarding new customers by implementing end to end data analysis requirements. Proactively worked to keep up the expectations of the stake holders by automating different weekly activities and implemented different mechanisms to notify any failures in advance. System Analyst Company Name Sonata Software Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Bangalore, India Achieved implementation of data warehousing, data modeling, data mining and forecasting projects for different domains such as sales, marketing, healthcare, banking, finance, insurance etc.Leading the team to accomplish and satisfy customer requirements. Designing of ETL using Business Objects XI universe and SSIS, analysis using SSAS, development of reports using Crystal reports, WebI reports and SSRS, implementation of dashboards using Xcelsius etc. were main areas. Conversion of Crystal reports to SQL reports, migration of BO reports and SSRS, to latest versions were also a part of it. Education The University of Alabama in Huntsville Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Business Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Serving as a Graduate teaching assistant for Business Administration at UAH. Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Software Systems Grade 2.75/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Master of Science in Software Systems Karunya University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Electronics and Communication (ECE) Grade 3.25/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Chorus, Drama, Volunteering for Sports Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communication See more education Volunteer Experience Collective Leadership Initiative Company Name Hewlett Packard Enterprise Dates volunteered Nov 2015 – Jul 2016 Volunteer duration 9 mos Cause Education Initiative to provide Certifications and training to the employees Youth Red Cross Company Name Karunya University Dates volunteered Aug 2003 – Apr 2004 Volunteer duration 9 mos Participating in Youth Red Cross activities to help the needy, progression in villages etc Value Education Student Association Company Name Karunya University Dates volunteered Jul 2004 – Jun 2005 Volunteer duration 1 yr Cause Education Providing Value education Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 7 endorsements for Python 7 Python Vadim Kyssa and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills R Programing See 7 endorsements for R Programing 7 R Programing Vadim Kyssa and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tableau See 9 endorsements for Tableau 9 Tableau Vadim Kyssa and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Sridhar Dammala, PMP Service Delivery Manager at HP April 19, 2017, Sridhar managed Ann Merin directly Ann Merin Peter worked with me for 3 years and i was her manager.In those three years, I have seen her not only excel at the core elements of her job -- like designing and developing complex custom reporting solutions using MSBI and BO tools -- but also going beyond the scope of her role, like hiring right talent, mentoring new team members, conducting & particiating in Employee Engamenet activites and training other teams on MSBI and BO technologies. She brings in positive energy into team with her domain expertise and great work attitude. I have only optimistic predictions for her career Prasath Ramanathan ITSM Reporting Capability Leader, APJ Region, Global Tools, ES Global Design & Engineering November 16, 2016, Prasath managed Ann Merin directly I have worked with Merin for close to 5 years and she has been a hard working professional all through these years. She is very sincere and self-motivated professional, always willing to learn new things. She is a team player and has been very supportive of whichever team she has been working with. She has shown a high degree of discipline and patience within the team. She can be of a very good asset to any team. Narendran Jaganathan Data Engineer - Big Data Business Intelligence - at Amazon November 15, 2016, Narendran worked with Ann Merin in the same group I had got the opportunity to work with Narendran for about 4 years. We were peers and working in the same technology and so could know about his expertise. He has an in-depth knowledge in all the tools and technologies he has acquired. His expertise are wide across many technologies and domain and not limited to certain area. He is a hardworking and dedicated person who likes to experiment any new technologies. He is always up to date with the technologies. To conclude he is a tech person. Prasath Ramanathan ITSM Reporting Capability Leader, APJ Region, Global Tools, ES Global Design & Engineering November 11, 2016, Prasath worked with Ann Merin in the same group I have worked with Prasath for more than 5 years and i could see many qualities in him which is worth for sharing. He is very professional and responsible person in his duties. He is a multi talented person with knowledge in multiple tools related to data warehousing, effective team management and leadership qualities, contributing in other team building activities etc. Prasath is well known among the colleagues because of his Subject Matter Expertise's. Moreover he is a very friendly and jovial person to interact with. Accomplishments Ann Merin has 6 projects 6 Expand projects section Projects ADTRAN Advanced Replacement UAH Enrollment Simulation and Forecasting eBI Website for the church Data warehousing IRIS Recognition System Ann Merin has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Best Team Award - Q3FY15 Best Team Award - Q1 FY15 High Flyer - FY14Q1 Employee of the Month Feb 2013 Ann Merin has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Academic Excellence Microsoft 2012 Certified Professional Oracle 11g Certified Associate Ann Merin has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Malayalam Tamil Ann Merin has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Hewlett Packard Enterprise Sonata Software Ltd Ann Merin has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Data Mining and Predictive Analytics Interests Planet Interactive 17,535 followers Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani 84,524 followers The University of Alabama in Huntsville 30,785 followers Tim O'ReillyTim O&#39;Reilly is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO, O'Reilly Media 482,673 followers CreditSights 2,944 followers Milestone Technologies, Inc. 18,677 followers See all See all following
More Actions Katie has a account Katie Melber - Data Analyst "It's all in the details. Who's managing yours?" Luminex Corporation Madison Area Technical College Austin, Texas 181 181 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Sitting amidst the great divide, flanked by technology and sales, I use my passion for details, processes, and software applications to bridge the gap between IT and the business. I use my expertise to re-engineer inefficient business systems while working collaboratively with cross-functional organizations. I am known for my dedication and thoroughness, and also for my calm, patient, and cheerful disposition.STRENGTHSActivator: I make things happen by turning thoughts into actions.Learner: I am keenly interested in how and why things work. I am energized by the journey from ignorance to understanding.Analytical: I am a systematic and organized thinker with highly developed analytical skills. I have a unique way of thinking and seeing patterns where others see only chaos.Coordinator: I use my gift of organization to plan, direct, and evaluate business functions to ensure operational efficiency.Software application knowledge: Oracle R12, SalesForce.com, Avaya VOIP, Microsoft Office Suite with advanced Excel skills plus Publisher, SharePoint, Access database, and Project.Notary Public for the State of TexasFOR MY COMPLETE RESUME GO TO www.KatieMelber.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Luminex Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Austin, TX • Extensive data work including manipulation, tracking, interpreting, and reporting• Sales optimization through process improvement• CRM data harmonizing between Oracle R12 and SalesForce.com databases• Data extraction, analysis and presentation Customer Data Analyst Company Name Ajilon Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Luminex Corp • Data integrity management including analysis, reporting, and standardization to reflect Standard Operating Procedures, USPS and ISO 3166-1 Guidelines• Research and analyze customer data sets to correct errors and create alignment of cross-functional departments• Extensive Oracle R12 and SalesForce.com CRM application usage• Worked with team to create a mechanism for tracking the status of account sets with a balanced approach considering multiple departmental goals• With team, created a process for ensuring quality, accuracy, and completeness of customer records Project Coordinator Company Name Dell Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos • Created a Connected Workplace project launch toolkit for Dell Call Centers to implement globally• Aggregated data and reported on multiple Space Utilization studies of the Dell Round Rock Campus• Coordinated, analyzed, prepared, and distributed information for the Project Management Office's bi-monthly meeting Project Administrative Analyst Company Name Dell Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Round Rock, TX • Supported an Executive Director and kept the Global Inside Sales team of 135 people in the U.S. and 388 worldwide running smoothly• Managed five programs/projects concurrently (Telework, disaster recovery, sales training, facilities space coordination, and various recurring quarterly sales events) over a four-year period• Managed an annual spiff budget of $210,000 Administrative Specialist Company Name Dell Dates Employed Apr 2004 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Round Rock, TX • Managed the calendar of an Executive Director and took care of the needs of his team of 35 people See more positions Education Madison Area Technical College Degree Name pursuing Field Of Study Software Applications Specialist with a Certification in Project Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Phi Theta Kappa International Honor Society for Academic Achievement Austin Community College Degree Name moved to a technical college Featured Skills & Endorsements Salesforce.com See 18 endorsements for Salesforce.com 18 Salesforce.com Endorsed by Kevin Walkup, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Katie’s colleagues at Dell Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 14 endorsements for Project Management 14 Project Management Endorsed by 11 of Katie’s colleagues at Dell Click and drag to reorder skills Access See 11 endorsements for Access 11 Access Linda Wylie and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (4) Ed Gillispie Chief Operating Officer at bulb March 6, 2012, Ed managed Katie directly Katie was a high performing administrator with strong project management skills. She demonstrated an ability to improve efficiencies in business operations, anticipated future needs, and consistently showed quality work. Her professional demeanor, organizational skills, and positive attitude was highly valued. Kim Knowles Senior Planning Manager, OP at JLL February 29, 2012, Kim worked with Katie in different groups Katie is a pleasure to work with. She brings much expertise and professionalism to all of her projects. In one of her roles as a Facilities Building Coordinator; Katie was instrumental in coordinating and delivering a very successful project that transformed Dell Global Sales’ from a traditional space to a Connected Workplace environment.Katie communicates extremely well and works seamlessly between all levels of team members. Her collaboration and coordination skills are excellent. Katie would be a much-valued asset to any organization. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Travis Kolinek ☁ Senior Principal Consultant ☁ September 4, 2015, Katie worked with Travis in different groups Exceptional customer service provider and extremely tech savvy are the words I use to describe Travis Kolinek. Travis has consistently provided outstanding service for me, my team, and Luminex over the two year period I have known him. Despite multiple requests vying for his time and attention, he is always willing and eager to resolve our application issues (SalesForce and Oracle). He takes ownership of an issue and follows it through to resolution. He is always courteous, patient, professional, and meets our time constraints. You want Travis on your team! Brian Wild Proj Prog Mgmt Consultant at Quest August 1, 2013, Brian worked with Katie in the same group Brian's technical expertise and winning attitude made him a great asset to Dell's Global Sales team. He could always be relied upon to pitch in and help out with customer and team issues. He knows how to get things done in a timely and pleasant way. And with his exceptional work ethic and great personality he makes the work place a more enjoyable place to be. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Katie has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Scrum Master CAP-OM Interests Agile Austin 247 followers Austin Community College 62,592 followers Austin Community College 59,734 followers Luminex Corporation 7,830 followers Notaries and Notary Signing Agents 10,735 members Salesforce Power Users Group 46,112 members See all See all following
More Actions Data has a account Data Analyst Data Analyst Nigeria 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,137 followers
More Actions Shanthi Marie Alexis has a account Shanthi Marie Alexis - Data Analyst Data Analyst - Managing data since 2001 for CRM and Advertising companies; and Insurance and Banking institutions. SYNCREON National College of Ireland Selangor, Malaysia 197 197 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Armed with 15 years of experience in data retrieval, data cleansing, data deduplication, data profiling and reporting. To make the wholesome near to perfect package, I come in-built with over 8 years of application development, troubleshooting, user support and project management. I have used Business Intelligence tools i.e. Hyperion Essbase, Oracle Discoverer, MS SQL B.I.'s (SPSS, SPAS, SPRS), MS CRM Dynamics and many more easy to access must haves in my data exploration and reporting (Tableau, RapidMiner, SAS, R, MS Excel, MS Access, Crystal Report to name a few new to old technology).I have loved data ever since I started my major in Management Information Systems in 2000 and haven't looked back since. In my career , I have found data management for the various industries an exciting way to expand my knowledge in cultural differences and domain expertise; all while getting paid (read as getting paid to learn). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Application Developer Company Name SYNCREON Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Application Development and Support Software Engineer Company Name HTC Global Services Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Maybank Investment Bank, Malaysia Specially hired to automate financial reporting and budget planning using MS Excel, MS Powerpoint and MS Word. Required extensive VBA macro coding for automated pivoting, filtering , re-classification and chart creation. Software Engineer Company Name BT Global Services Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Senior Software Engineer for rPACS team developing PL/SQL business logic for one of the more robust system I have seen yet. Executive Company Name Maybank Shared Services Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Project team in implementing the Hyperion Essbase Business Intelligence Reporting tool for business users to report to Bank Negara Malaysia (Malaysian's Financial Institutions' Statutory Board). Software Engineer Company Name Epicor Software Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Damansara, Kuala Lumpur Business Logic developer for Senior Living Solution (SLS) component of the Epicor framework using Openedge/Progress4GL.Developed the Statement of Account Reporting module.Involvement extended into Technical documentation and Unit Testing. See more positions Education National College of Ireland Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Data Analytics Grade 2nd Class Honours Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Hands-On experience in the field of study includes:Datawarehouse and Business Intelligence Design and Reporting (SPSS, SAS, Python, R)Advance Data MiningData Visualization (Tableau, RapidMiner)Customer Relationship Business Intelligence Application & Reporting (MS CRM Dynamics)Management in Organization Media (2) This position has 2 media Advance Data Mining : Clustering Methodology Advance Data Mining : Clustering Methodology This media is a video Tableau Data Visualization Project : Leeds Potholes Data Analysis Tableau Data Visualization Project : Leeds Potholes Data Analysis This media is a video University Of Technology Malaysia Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Management Information Systems, General Grade 2nd Class Honours Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Computer Science (Major in Management Information Systems) Sekolah Menengah Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Kajang Degree Name Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia Field Of Study Biology/Biological Sciences, General Grade Grade 1 Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Debate Team, English Language Society, Science Society, Red Cross Volunteer Experience Pro bono volunteer Company Name FoodCloud Dates volunteered Nov 2015 – Nov 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Food Cloud is an amazing initiative to make good on food that can be used that may be wasted. This is done by redistributing food from hypermarkets to societies and homes that need it. An excellent way to practice a less wasteful lifestyle. I am humbled and so very happy to have the opportunity to asist with the initiative of this company. Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 12 endorsements for Business Analysis 12 Business Analysis Prashant Kandhare and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 12 endorsements for Project Management 12 Project Management Prashant Kandhare and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Office 10 Microsoft Office Prashant Kandhare and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Shanthi Marie Alexis has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Malay Interests Citi 1,250,297 followers Aramark Northern Europe 9,271 followers Tableau Software 201,705 followers ESDS Software Solution Pvt Ltd 2,068 followers Jake WoodJake Wood is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO of Team Rubicon 121,123 followers SYNCREON 9,836 followers See all See all following
More Actions Di has a account Di Shao Data Analyst, Data Science at ConnectiveRx ConnectiveRx Fordham University New York, New York 262 262 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Master of science in Business Analytics at Fordham University• Hands-on knowledge in data modeling, data mining, database management, QA, QC• More than 3 years’ experience with Microsoft Business Intelligence, Microsoft SQL server, Microsoft office tools, SSIS, R, Tableau, Python• Good communication and written skills See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Di’s Activity 264 followers I don't give a shit if you call yourself a data scientist, an analyst, a machine learning practitioner, an operations research specialist, a data engineer, a modeler, a statistician, a code poet, or a squirrel. I don't care if you have a PhD, if you went to MIT or a community college, if you were born on a farm or in a city, or if Andrew Ng DMs you for tips. I want to know what you can do, if you can share, if you can learn, if you can listen, and if you can stand for what is right even if it's unpopular. If we're good there, the rest we can figure out together. Di liked See all activity Experience Data Analyst Company Name ConnectiveRx Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location whippany Data Analyst Company Name PDR Network, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location New Jersey • Ability to write SQL code and design stored procedures, functions, views, triggers, indexes and apply data modeling, data mapping skill on database design• Cross-firm cooperation with multiple teams to enhance existing reporting system, eventually improve 30% of reporting coverage and automated all external reporting distribution • Design and implement data integration modules for SSIS ETL functions, extracting customer information, transforming to raw data and uploading to production database• Use excel pivot table, Tableau to create reports and spearheaded the design of an automatic distribution dashboard with heavy data manipulation, built it from scratch• Be the point of contact for all technical data related issues and be able to troubleshoot those issues and suggest solutions• Support the software engineers during the development cycle by answering questions, contacting the business counterparts, and making design decisions with the Product Manager.• QA, qc standard and custom reports Data analyst Company Name Carat USA Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location New York, NY • Manage daily responsibilities of maintaining database and dashboard update, data entry, creative trafficking and analyzing data for multiple accounts• Prepare data and ensure quality and timeliness of measurement deliverables meet clients’ expectations • Utilize Excel, SQL and third-party ad agency to perform analysis on the optimization of ad spend to drive conversions• Perform large scale data analysis and modeling to identify trends and track key performance• Effectively communicate results of statistical analysis and correlation studies to planners and clients and provide actionable solutions to maximize client’s revenue• Observes, evaluates trends of digital campaigns and provides recommendations for optimizing Administrative Assistant (Internship) Company Name Universal Processing LLC Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Manhattan, NY • General analysis for sales and profit report and organize paper and electronic databases and files• Support customers with products’ information and provide solutions Education Fordham University Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Qingdao University Qingdao University Volunteer Experience Volunteer of the 2008 Olympic Sailing Game Company Name 2008 Olympic games Dates volunteered Jun 2008 – Jun 2008 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Environment Teaching assisstant Company Name Help center Dates volunteered Oct 2009 – Oct 2009 Volunteer duration 1 mo When I was an exchange student to Minnesota university, I was a volunteer to help teaching elementary school students with their homework. It was a nice experience when I saw the progress of students under my help. I really like to teach students since then. Research Assistant Company Name Fordham University Dates volunteered May 2013 – May 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Doing research on Big query, excel, Tableau to explore insight about telecommunication. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 16 endorsements for Data Analysis 16 Data Analysis Endorsed by Yao Zhao and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Di’s colleagues at PDR, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 13 endorsements for Data Mining 13 Data Mining Endorsed by Yao Zhao, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 12 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 12 Microsoft Excel 龚园舒 and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Di has 7 projects 7 Expand projects section Projects Clustering and similarity: document retrieval House price prediction Product sentiment analysis Conducted an analysis of correlation between economic freedom and ease of starting up a business Look for opinion leaders based on twitter network information among 110 musician industry stakeholders Implement a pharmacy prescription tracking database application Developed a prototype data mining application using SPSS advanced modeler to make prediction for consumer behaviors in SFO airport Di has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Machine Learning Foundations: A Case Study Approach Tableau 10 Data Analytics with R Python A-Z™: Python For Data Science With Real Exercises! Di has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese(Mandarin) English Di has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication The exertion of hospital financial management's function under the new medical innovation Interests Fordham University 93,912 followers Verisk Analytics 25,538 followers Hydrogen Group 63,254 followers GroupM 106,222 followers Plymouth Rock Assurance 4,322 followers Karma-Media 256 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium John Gosink at Gilead Sciences Texas A&M University Greater Seattle Area 362 362 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highly motivated biostatistician and bioinformatics scientist with more than 25 years of academic and professional experience in genomics, expression analysis, flow cytometry and assay development and qualification. The following are techniques and skills with which I have months to years worth of experience.General: Bioinformatics and computational biology, statistics, translational research, genomics, expression analysis, microbiology (bacteriology and virology) and molecular biology.Programming languages and environments: R, SAS, Java, Perl, SPLUS, Unix shell scripting, HTML, Pascal, BASIC, Fortran 77, machine and assembly language. Experience with object oriented (OO) analysis and design and UML. Data storage and structure knowledge in SQL (Oracle, Sybase), XML, MS-Access, GFF and general data serialization. Knitr, Sweave and Markdown for reproducible research.Bioinformatics tools and techniques: Resolver, Ingenuity Systems, Spotfire, I-Miner, Nautilus LIMS. NCBI-Entrez, Unigene, Pfam, Kegg, LocusLink, GenBank, SwissProt, etc. BLAT, BioStrings (BioConductor), FASTA, BLAST (many flavors), HMMER, SIM4, ClustalW, Jalview, BoxShade, MEGA. FlowJo (also wrote and published an accompanying Bioconductor library), fastDNAml, Phylip, PAUP, MacClade, RDP, Ensemble and UCSC Genome Browsers. Statistics and machine learning: Simple and multivariate regression, variable selection, generalized linear models, mixed models, logistic regression, survival analysis, Bayesian inference, experimental design (DoE), categorical data analysis. Naive Bayes machines, classification and regression trees, feature extraction, graph theory, K-means, cluster analysis, and PCA. Translational research: Pharmacodynamic and patient stratification biomarker assay development, qualification and selection. Writing and implementing supplementary statistical analysis plans. Cross functional bioinformatics support in Phase 1 & 2 oncology and inflammation clinical trials. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Scientist, Biostatistics Company Name Gilead Sciences Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater Seattle Area I am currently a Senior Biostatistician at Gilead. My work focuses on assessing the performance characteristics of translational biomarkers and then analyzing the results from those biomarkers in early clinical trials. This involves matrixed team work on several different Phase 1 studies in inflammation, oncology and liver disease. Our work provides guidance to the teams in terms of drug occupancy, downstream signaling, drug-drug interactions and surrogate response. Founder, Principal Company Name John Gosink - Data Analyst, LLC Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Greater Seattle Area ● General Activities: Sequence analysis, statistics, automated reporting.● Significant Accomplishments: Designed and created a reporting tool to be used by bench scientists to help analyze sequence data and provide metrics on project completeness. ● Skills: Knitr and markdown, reproducible research, independent contracting. Senior Scientist, Computational Biology Company Name Amgen Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Genomics, transcriptomics, and flow cytometry data analysis. Biomarker development, qualification, production.As a Scientist and Senior Scientist in the Computational Biology group at Amgen, I collaborated on a number of different projects. One project involved the sequence assembly, annotation, and design of three different custom in-house microarrays at Amgen. Significantly, I led the development of an improved CHO chip based upon the assembly and annotation of ultra-high throughput (Roche 454) transcriptomic data from Amgen CHO libraries. I likewise led the assembly, annotation and design of our first generation CHO chip, and was involved in much of the initial experimental design and data analysis of those microarrays. As a final example of my work at Amgen, I was part of a small team that built a database and infrastructure to collect, annotate, marshal, clean, and analyze large sets of high-dimensional flow cytometry data. I used this system along with an R/Bioconductor library I built to detect both subtle and profound multidimensional changes within the data by means of novel visualizations and classic and original statistical methods. Scientist, Computational Biology Company Name Amgen Dates Employed Jul 2001 – Mar 2008 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Genomics, transcriptomics, sequence analysis and flow cytometry data pipelining. Biomarker development, qualification, production.● General Activities: Genomics, RNA expression profiling, DNA sequence analysis, and flow cytometry data analysis. Biomarker development, qualification, and analysis. Automated assay data processing in a LIMS system. Cross-department technical presentations.● Significant Accomplishments: Biomarker development and analysis in 9 Phase 1 & 2 oncology and inflammation clinical trials including Luminex/ELISA, RT-PCR, bDNA and methylation assays. Creation of a LIMS based system for processing and storing data from such assays. Managed a project to create a custom in-house microarray. Wrote a specialized data pipeline to control the assembly of data from multiple sources which ensured the quality and accuracy of the final microarray design. Designed, built, and used code libraries to analyze extensive collections of high dimensional flow cytometry data. Collaborated with other researchers to use these libraries in conjunction with an in-house custom application to automate the quality assessment and preliminary analysis of this type of data. Created a multithreaded automated data retrieval system to extract, store, and integrate a large set of diverse sequence and annotation data and integrate them with our internal efforts. ● Skills: R, Perl, UNIX, Java, and S-PLUS programming, SQL and XML manipulation. Postdoctoral Fellow Company Name ZymoGenetics Dates Employed Dec 1998 – Jun 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Data mining of genomic, EST and microarray expression databases. See more positions Education Texas A&M University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 Mathematical statisticsStatistical computationsRegression analysisStatistical methods I,IIBiostatistics and data analysisBioinformaticsAdvanced programming using SASIntro to applied Bayesian analysis University of Washington Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Microbiology, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Shotokan Karate University of Washington School of Medicine Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Microbiology, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Black belt instructor, Shotokan Karate See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Bioinformatics See 33 endorsements for Bioinformatics 33 Bioinformatics Jerry Learn and 32 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Genomics See 29 endorsements for Genomics 29 Genomics Michael Damore and 28 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Molecular Biology See 27 endorsements for Molecular Biology 27 Molecular Biology Harumi Shimizu and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Ed Thayer Principal Software Engineer at Microsoft January 5, 2009, Ed was senior to John but didn’t manage directly While John and I overlapped at ZymoGenetics, John moved from being a lab researcher to a computational biologist. The group's goal was to discover novel proteins, and everyone contributed one or more layers of information to the inference process. John championed the management and interpretation of all gene expression data and developed a strong relationship with the biologists as they worked through multiple hypothesizes. He also worked on multiple visualization tools for genome-genome comparisons. His easy going disposition, and attention to details (both computational and biological), and tenacity made him a strong and valuable collaborator. Ed Thayer Principal Software Engineer at Microsoft January 6, 2009, Ed worked with John in the same group Ed is an innovative team player who likes to develop processes and analyze data that in a way that will move a project forward. Ed and I worked together in the computational biology group at ZymoGenetics. Upon his arrival he quickly created one of the first genome browsers. This tool allowed us to organize the great deluge of public and internal sequence and annotation data that was arriving. Ed worked closely with others in our group and with the bench researchers to discern the genomic structure and function of novel proteins that our company was investigating. Accomplishments John has 9 courses 9 Expand courses section Courses Advanced SAS Bayesian Methods Categorical Data Analysis Linear Algebra Mathematical Statistics I Mathematical Statistics II Methods of Statistics - Design of Experiments I Methods of Statistics - Design of Experiments II Regression Interests Bioinformatics Job News 13,182 members Pulse 1,535,137 followers University of Washington - School of Medicine 45,811 followers Amgen 273,690 followers Gilead Sciences 151,275 followers Sage Bionetworks 2,133 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nitika has a account Nitika Arora Data Analyst Region of Peel TERI University Toronto, Canada Area 279 279 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Specialist, Data and GIS Company Name Region of Peel Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Brampton, Ontario, Canada GIS Analyst Company Name Bell Dates Employed May 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Knowledge Analyst (Geo - Analytics) Company Name The Boston Consulting Group Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Gurgaon, India Senior Data Analyst Company Name RMS Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Noida Project Student Company Name Regional Remote Sensing Centre (Jodhpur), Indian Space Reasearch Organization Dates Employed Dec 2009 – May 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Jodhpur Area, India Name of Project: Environmental Analysis of Kota city, Rajasthan using Remote sensing and GISProject Details: This project was done to analyze the land, water and air quality using remote sensing and GIS in which techniques like change detection, interpolation, etc, were used to generate analysis maps.Tools Used: Erdas Imagine, ArcGIS See more positions Education TERI University Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Geoinformatics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Delhi University Degree Name B.Sc Field Of Study Applied life science Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft SQL Server See 15 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 15 Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by Naveen Chainani, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Nitika’s colleagues at RMS Click and drag to reorder skills SQL Server See 3 endorsements for SQL Server 3 SQL Server Endorsed by Naveen Chainani, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Nitika’s colleagues at RMS Click and drag to reorder skills MS Excel Pivot Tables See 1 endorsement for MS Excel Pivot Tables 1 MS Excel Pivot Tables Sumit Arora has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Naveen Chainani Data Architect,Data warehousing Architect July 22, 2016, Nitika worked with Naveen in the same group Nitika has been very organised in her job which is the most important aspect of being an Analyst. She has a sound technical knowledge with mindset which always thinks of new ways to use software and tools to understand data. She is an out of the box thinker and applies the concepts with his unique understanding and knowledge. She is a jovial person and fun to work with. Arvind Garg Career Break due to Spinal and Knee surgery August 24, 2014, Arvind was senior to Nitika but didn’t manage directly Arvind is a great manager always encouraging his team and supporting them in every project with great enthusiasm. He is very optimistic and carries a positive energy around him. He never looses his cool even in times of pressure. One of the coolest managers I have come across in my professional life so far. Pradipta Sahu Senior Consultant (BFSI - IT Services) at Mindtree Ltd. August 8, 2014, Pradipta was senior to Nitika but didn’t manage directly Pradipta is a great team manager. He handles different phases of the project with great co-ordination. Also he gives ample opportunities to his team members to grow and trusts their capabilities. I had worked with him on many short term projects and all of them were a great success. Accomplishments Nitika has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Boston Consulting Group RMS Nitika has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Wiley Certified Big Data Analyst Nitika has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course MSc. Geoinformatics Nitika has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests The Hub.Careers Network (#1 in Jobs, Recruiters, HR, Managers, Finance, Marketing & Technology) 512,117 members Geomedia Inc. 368 followers GIS and Geography 34,558 members The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) 734,549 followers York Region (The Regional Municipality of York) 17,120 followers Delhi University 440,098 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tristan has a account Tristan Saldanha Associate Buyer at Joe Fresh Joe Fresh University of Toronto Scarborough, Ontario, Canada 268 268 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Strong project and time management skills- Exceptional interpersonal skills in order to build relationships and provide sufficient influence to achieve success- Excellent verbal and written communication skills- Creative and analytical problem solver- Strong work ethic and proven ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Tristan’s Activity 268 followers Our 2016 Corporate Social Responsibility report is out! As one of Canada’s leading retailers, we have an opportunity to make a positive difference to some of the pressing social and environmental challenges facing Canadians. https://lnkd.in/ei_faJY Tristan shared this See all activity Experience Associate Buyer Company Name Joe Fresh Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada Master Data Analyst - Central Data Management Company Name Loblaw Companies Limited Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location toronto, ontario - Ensures the accuracy and timely execution of requests for the creation and maintenance of articles in SAP, as well as the necessary updates in all legacy retail management systems (i.e., Product Manager, EPICOR) - Subject Matter Expert; assisted with the design and implementation of Article Workflow for the Apparel Business- Monitors interfaces routinely to ensure data between systems is error-free- Reviews and analyzes daily reports as well as adhoc data integrity cleanup projects to ensure complete data accuracy Flow (GM) Operations clerk Company Name Loblaw Companies Limited - Real Canadian SuperStore Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location toronto, ontario Education University of Toronto Degree Name Honour's Bachelor of Science (H.B.Sc.) Field Of Study Specialist Program in Mental Health Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 Featured Skills & Endorsements Time Management See 21 endorsements for Time Management 21 Time Management Candice Cuthbert and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Teamwork See 20 endorsements for Teamwork 20 Teamwork Candice Cuthbert and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 17 endorsements for Customer Service 17 Customer Service Nicholas Vasilevski and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Centre for Addiction and Mental Health (CAMH) 19,109 followers President's Choice Financial 7,487 followers Holt Renfrew 38,870 followers Loblaw Companies Limited 79,158 followers Shoppers Drug Mart 50,469 followers Apple 3,419,212 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hiral has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Hiral Patwa Data Analyst at RBC RBC Simon Fraser University Vancouver, Canada Area 465 465 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Currently working for Royal Bank of Canada as a Data Analyst and a student for Professional Masters in Big Data at Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, B.C, Canada. I have a background in Computer Science Engineering with a 8 months full time experience at companies like Majid Al Futtaim and Souq.com. Interested in working as a Business Intelligence Analyst, with tools such as SAP BusinessObjects and Tableau. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Hiral’s Activity 467 followers At the Disrupt Conference for the next 5 days. Let me know if you are at the conference too! Hiral liked See all activity Experience Data Analyst Company Name RBC Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada -Provide technical and big data solutions to the Product Control team.- Manage dashboards across Big Data Platforms such as Tableau, Datameer and JIRA.- Provide insightful analysis in the form of visualizations and KPI's to the team. Teaching Assistant Company Name Simon Fraser University Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area CMPT 225 - Data Structures/Programming* Assist the professor with lab sessions and help mark the assignments, tutorials and exams for the course. SAP Data Entry and Analyst Company Name Souq.com Dates Employed May 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Dubai - Used SAP Finance and Controlling (FICO) module to enter various outgoing and incoming complete and partial payments.- Used T-codes such as MIRO, F-40 and F-53 for various data entries and analysis. Business Intelligence Trainee Company Name Majid Al Futtaim Retail – Carrefour Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Dubai, UAE - Analyzed and sorted through 10,000 transactions per day using SQL and QlikView to identify any fraudulent or missing transaction details. - Data Mined for information using MySQL and Netezza servers to retrieve intrinsic details of transactions per customer.- Created ETL jobs using SAP BO’s Data Designer to help analyze huge amount of data.- Generated easy to understand visualization reports using SAP BO’s WebIntelligence for the Marketing Department.- Carried out various UAT’s for Loyalty Program provided by Maxxing.- Reported the end results of UAT’s on Excel and Word. [Working with VLOOKUP, HLOOKUP, PivotTables and other visualization tools]- Reported the daily, monthly and quarterly store wise sales analysis and discrepancies to the support the I.T, Marketing and POS Analysis teams. Junior Web Developer Company Name Prismatic Services JLT Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos - Created and managed the company’s website using WordPress. See more positions Education Simon Fraser University Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Big Data Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2018 BITS Pilani Dubai Campus Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Computer Science Grade 7.75 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Coding events known as Brain Fuse and finished 3rd. Mechanical Event finished 2nd. Art Event for Graffiti finished 3rd. Organiser for two major events; ENGINuity'13 and Technofest'13. Graduated with a First Class B.E(Hons) in Computer Science Degree. Indian High School Dubai Degree Name High School Field Of Study Computer Science Grade 80% Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2011 Activities and Societies: RJ at student radio station and Winner of Radio Jockey Bursary for two consecutive years (2009-2010) Volunteer Experience Participant Company Name Terry Fox Foundation Dates volunteered Apr 2008 – Apr 2008 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services It was a a great experience. Featured Skills & Endorsements Databases See 8 endorsements for Databases 8 Databases PANKAJ PATWA and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills MySQL See 7 endorsements for MySQL 7 MySQL Steven J. Matson, and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAP BusinessObjects SAP BusinessObjects No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Hiral has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Data Mining Design and Analysis of Algorithms Design and Analysis of Big Data Algorithms Machine Learning Programming in Big Data Software Engineering Theory of Computation Hiral has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English Gujarati Hindi Marathi Hiral has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Tableau Visualisation SAP BO Web Intelligence JAVA Programming Hiral has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Study and Form a Detailed Analysis of "The Art Gallery Theorem" Implementation of Face Recognition using OpenCV C++ for Hospital Administration Hiral has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Terry Fox Interests Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,425,228 followers Addictive Mobility 3,346 followers BuildDirect Technologies 2,780 followers Justin TrudeauJustin Trudeau is a LinkedIn Influencer Prime Minister of Canada | Premier ministre du Canada 265,747 followers Digital Marketing 1,146,994 members Morton Consulting 5,384 followers See all See all following
More Actions Data has a account Data Analyst Owner, IQR Consulting- Data Analytics IQR Consulting- Data Analytics San Francisco Bay Area 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Owner Company Name IQR Consulting- Data Analytics Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,137 followers
More Actions Elvin has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Elvin Kao Data Analyst at FreshBooks FreshBooks University of Waterloo North York, Ontario, Canada 351 351 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I have a thing for numbers. I enjoy looking for patterns, trends, and anomalies; digging into the weeds of data and communicating business insights. I love beautiful data visualizations that can quickly inform or a way to narrate and tell a story. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Elvin’s Activity 352 followers The 7 Financial Habits of the Most Successful Small Business Owners Elvin liked See all activity Experience Data Analyst Company Name FreshBooks Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area I do amazing things. Marketing Intelligence Analyst Company Name TRADER Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Etobicoke * Managing the marketing database, creation of tables to be sourced by the marketing BI team, and validating data integrity* Investigating and reasoning changes in metrics with the product team and business units* Providing visualization of website traffic and unique visitors using Excellent Analytics and Google Analytics* Creating aids for Sales team to demonstrate product value to high value dealer groups for acquisition and retention Segmentation Analyst Company Name Meridian Credit Union Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Toronto, Ontario * Generating reports of KPI using SQL Server and Excel for executive team* Provide analysis of current membership and creating easy to read dashboards* Involved in all aspects of marketing campaigns: writing reports of pre-campaign targets and goals, generating lists of Members for direct mail, email, sales calls, and flyer inserts, and creating post-campaign reports* A/B testing on effectiveness of marketing communication collateral* Generating reports for ad-hoc requests from marketing product specialists* Marketing SME for Data Warehouse providing business requirements and reviewing translations* Demographic studies for campaigns and potential branch locations using third party Environics tool* Created process for customer referral reward system that facilitated retail delivery, financial accounts, and human resources and saved 10hrs/week FTE over previous process Information Management Support Analyst Company Name Canadian Tire Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos * Designed and developed process for clients to request access to enterprise data warehouse. Required organization between client services, service desk, data owners, and DBAs and reconciling technology differences between corporate banners. Designed process in Visio, wrote sustaining and maintenance documentation, worked with sharepoint to audit requests and user access, designed client request page, and worked with Infopath to design the request form.* Designed queries and reports in MS Access and Cognos Report Studio requested by senior managers * Maintaining Sharepoint sites used internally for fellow employees for finding industry specific definitions, data definitions, and inquiries about information integration* Used web development experience to improve designs of various sites in the department and generating new ideas on how to redesign processes* Providing solutions to data issues that would require the mediation of managers across different functional business areas* Taking ownership of data issue log and reduced the number of open issues by over 40% by providing better communication between issue members* Updating the data dictionary, providing essential meta-data to business users, and modeling the data warehouse using ERwin. Quality Assurance Company Name Morneau Sobeco Dates Employed May 2008 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 4 mos * Performed functional testing of new releases independently* Responsibility of build components of software and proper functionality* Arranged meetings with programmers to discuss correctness of builds See more positions Education University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelor of Mathematics / Business Administration Field Of Study Project management, Business, Math Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2010 Seneca College Degree Name Database Applications Developer Field Of Study PL/SQL, T-SQL, SQL Server, UNIX, VB, Java Grade 3.8 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Python Python No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 5 endorsements for SQL 5 SQL Vasant Kumar and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 2 endorsements for Databases 2 Databases Raymond Wang and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Vincent Leung Intermediate Programmer Analyst June 10, 2011, Vincent and Elvin were students together Elvin is a hard working student at Seneca and extremely knowledgeable. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Elvin has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Elvin has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Data Mining with Weka Elvin has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Markham-Unionville Greens Website Interests FreshBooks 8,101 followers Startup Weekend Toronto 912 members Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,180,806 followers Seneca College 133,286 followers Pulse 1,535,137 followers Toronto tech / web startups and entrepreneurs 1,842 members See all See all following
More Actions René has a account René Duplain Data Analyst at University of Ottawa, Morisset Library, GSG University of Ottawa, Morisset Library, GSG University of Ottawa Canada 215 215 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent As the Data Analyst at the Geographic, Statistical and Government Information Centre (GSG) in the Morisset Library at the University of Ottawa, I am privileged to work with diverse library users across a range of disciplines. I help students, professors, and researchers find, manipulate, and analyze data to advance their projects. In particular, I help support GIS and geomatics services and work with specialized software for data manipulation and analysis. I regularly work one-on-one with graduate students to advance their theses, or collaborate with professors to provide specialized lectures for their classes. At the GSG, I have the freedom to design my own workshops and presentations and have been able to deliver dozens of these to a wide variety of audiences. I also act as the University's Senior Statistical Focal Point of the Statistics Canada Real Time Remote Access service and therefore am responsible to train all new uOttawa applicants who need to use this service. In doing so, I am very familiar with Statistics Canada data as well as data visualization tools and statistical packages such as SAS.Prior to working at the GSG, I completed an Honours BSc in Biology at uOttawa (2006), a MSc in Biology at uOttawa (2009), and a Graduate Certificate in GIS at Algonquin College (2010). I am also currently enrolled in the Master of Information Studies (MIS) program at uOttawa on a part-time basis. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name University of Ottawa, Morisset Library, GSG Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area • Providing reference services, of a general and a specialized nature, to users of the Geographic, Statistical and Government Information Centre (GSG).• Presenting workshops, tours and orientation sessions on the GSG's services and resources.• Managing the GSG's geospatial data repository (~20 TB) and integrating newly acquired data into existing data infrastructure. • Creating new resources and providing training services for library users who need access to confidential data via the Real-Time Remote Access (RTRA) service offered through Statistics Canada and act as the "Senior Statistical Focal Point" at the University for this service. • Managing the Postal Code Converter File (PCCF) for students and researchers to integrate socio-demographic (census and survey) data to geospatial data. • Developing workshops, tutorials, research guides and other learning tools for users to benefit from information resources for teaching, learning and research. • Creating learning objects such as ArcGIS Online maps to demonstrate how GIS can be leveraged as a useful tool for communication and spatial analysis.• Demonstrating how to access and utilize socio-demographic census and survey data through Odesi and RTRA to support uOttawa researchers.• Coordinating the creation of metadata by applying current and emerging metadata and cataloging standards and best practices to GSG datasets.• Supervising casual and student employees on special projects, as well as providing training, coordination and feedback. Media (1) This position has 1 media GSG-Geographic, Statistical and Government Information Centre - uOttawa Library GSG-Geographic, Statistical and Government Information Centre - uOttawa Library This media is a link GIS Analyst Company Name Fisheries and Oceans Canada Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area • Produced map layouts using ArcGIS 10 to create hard-copy maps or digital displays for internal use. • Organized and executed a 3-day intradepartmental geomatics workshop with over 50 participants and a total budget of $60,000. • Produced a 20-page report summarizing the workshop, including presentations, lessons learned, and future direction. • Re-organized the division's data folder architecture and migrating to a new server.• Creating national and regional maps depicting Species at Risk critical habitat.• Documented ISO 19115-compliant metadata for numerous DFO geospatial datasets. • Contributed to memos at the Director/ADM level, e.g. to establish a Geomatics Steering Committee for the Department for better alignment with federal government.• Gained communication and leadership skills with "FISH! For Leaders" training. GIS Analyst Company Name Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Central Experimental Farm, Ottawa, ON • Designing and supporting a Web-based application embedded within Google Earth as a KML for internal use.• Created models to streamline data analysis using ModelBuilder in ArcMap 10 platform.• Utilized arcpy to automate various process in Arcmap 10 (e.g., field manipulation, map layouts, etc).• Acquired working knowledge of several Web-based programming languages, such as: PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, as well as XSL to display XML data.• Integrated PHP in Web page development to provide additional functionality, such as dynamic storage and transfer of server-side data.• Presented application to peers to promote innovative solutions to similar projects.• Performed Linux commands on Apache server for data transfer or maintenance.• Managed, edited, and mined geospatial metadata within a database.• Drafted a 30-page user manual to support application. Teaching Assistant Company Name Algonquin College Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Ottawa, ON • Course: 3D Visualization.• Trained students in geo-referencing, enhancing, interpretation and classification of remotely-sensed imagery using cartographic and mathematical principles• Taught students how to produce shaded relief products, line of sight products, view shed analyses, digital terrain models, as well as virtual fly-through and animations.• Assisted students in their assignments, projects, and exams. Education University of Ottawa Degree Name Master of Information Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 Algonquin College of Applied Arts and Technology Degree Name Graduate Certificate Field Of Study Geographic Information Systems (GIS) Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 • Applying cartographic principles in producing mapping products in ArcMap 9.3. • Performing raster analyses (e.g., Raster Calculator) using the ArcGIS Spatial Analyst extension.• Utilizing univariate/multivariate statistics, regression/correlation analyses, and interpolation (local, zonal, and global).• Interpreting, orthorectifying, transforming, and classifying satellite imagery in ENVI.• Navigating through the ArcObjects OMD to generate customized interfaces and tools using VBA and VB.Net in Visual Studio. • Utilizing PythonWin and IDLE to code Python scripts, as well as the ArcGIS geo-processor for custom scripting with ESRI’s ArcMap platform. • Integrating and customizing the Google Maps API within a Web page. University of Ottawa / Université d'Ottawa Degree Name M.Sc. in Biology Field Of Study Taxonomy and Systematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 • Published the description of a new species (Trinectes hubbsbollingeri) in the journal Copeia (September, 2012)• Completed taxonomic revision and first phylogenetic analysis of the flatfish genus Trinectes.• Learned process of clearing and staining fish to view bones and cartilage.• Trained to take film and digital x-rays.• Presented poster of M.Sc. research at 2009 conference for the American Society for Ichthyologists and Herpetologists (ASIH) in Montreal, QC. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements ArcGIS See 20 endorsements for ArcGIS 20 ArcGIS Jeff Harris and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills GIS See 19 endorsements for GIS 19 GIS Jeff Harris and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Spatial Analysis See 10 endorsements for Spatial Analysis 10 Spatial Analysis Jeff Harris and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (3) William Gautier Circulation Desk Clerk at the University of Ottawa's Brian Dickson Law Library November 24, 2016, René worked with William in the same group I had the pleasure to work with René for a year-and-a-half (2015-2016) at the map library (Geographic, Statistical and Government Information Centre) at the University of Ottawa. René was extremely knowledgeable in GIS, statistics and in many other areas. I was consistently impressed with his problem solving abilities and resourcefulness which he demonstrated many times.He was a great public speaker and was always full of good ideas for workshops and presentations. His enthusiasm and interest were contagious and I am very grateful to have had the opportunity to work with him. I could go on and on about René’s many qualities, talents and skills but I will just conclude by saying that he would be a great asset to any organization and I would strongly recommend him for employment without hesitation. Christopher Czerwinski GIS/Database Specialist at Rideau Valley Conservation Authority February 18, 2012, René worked with Christopher in the same group I met René at Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC) where we both worked as GIS technicians. I would not hesitate to work with him again. His motivation to learn, innovate and collaborate was inspiring. René in particular, was always willing to offer his time to help solve the inevitable trials and tribulations of computer programming and GIS. He has a strong ability to independently learn and teach, and always created a friendly atmosphere. Working with René was a very positive experience, any employer would be lucky to have him. William Gautier Circulation Desk Clerk at the University of Ottawa's Brian Dickson Law Library November 24, 2016, René was senior to William but didn’t manage directly I had the pleasure of working with Will for a year-and-a-half (2015-2016) in the map library (Geographic, Statistical and Government Information Centre) at the University of Ottawa. Will came in with a strong foundation in GIS and an excellent work ethic and his knowledge and experience in geomatics continued to grow with every month he worked here. Working at the library puts you face-to-face with your clientele, which helped Will further develop his customer service and public-speaking skills. He eventually went on to lead tours of the GSG and design and present workshops to students and researchers of the University. Will was always punctual, eager to learn and knew how to handle working on many projects at once. He always put in the work to get the job done on time. I consider myself lucky to have worked with him and know he will have great success in his future endeavors. Holly Stephens Volunteer Coordinator October 25, 2013, René and Holly were students together I had the good fortune of being Holly's labmate throughout our Master's degrees at the University of Ottawa in Ottawa, Canada. Throughout those years, I got to know Holly as one of the most hard-working, diligent, responsible people I have ever had the pleasure to meet. Her research and writing skills are second to none; as was reflected in her thesis that our supervisor once described as 'one of the strongest theses he had ever come across'. Holly is also a joy to be around; she has a very positive attitude and is always willing to lend a helping hand. Any employer would be lucky to have Holly on their team and would gain in her an extremely valuable asset. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments René has 24 courses 24 Expand courses section Courses Animal Behaviour Animal Form and Function Applied Biostatistics Cartographic Design & Visualization Conservation Biology Data and Data Representation Database Design and Management Digital Map Compilation Ecology Fish Ecology and Conservation René has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Interests University of Ottawa 135,686 followers Climate Change Jobs 24,886 members Gis Jobs 40,764 members University of Ottawa 131,105 followers Discussing Canadian GIS & Geomatics with the Geospatial Community 8,577 members GIS Developers 2,988 members See all See all following
More Actions Jenny has a account Jenny Liu Business Intelligenct Analyst / Data Analyst at Calgary Laboratory Services Calgary Laboratory Services Southern Alberta Institute of Technology / SAIT Calgary, Alberta, Canada 91 91 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I provide data solutions. I currently work as a Business Intelligence / Data Analyst on the Laboratory Provincial Data Team in the Process Excellence group of Calgary Laboratory Services (CLS). I previously worked as an Analyst at Alberta Health Services. As a data analyst, I interact with stakeholders, perform business analysis, extract data through PL/SQL querying, and create reports to measure provincial performance metrics. As a business intelligence analyst, I translate business rules and create technical solutions for a database warehouse using the Informatica PowerCenter toolset and Oracle SQL Developer.My current positions connects well to my educational background. I graduated with Masters of Science degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, and a Bachelor of Health Sciences degree from McMaster University. I am knowledgeable in data and statistical analysis. I earned a certificate in Business intelligence for providing database warehousing and business intelligence solutions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Intelligenct Analyst / Data Analyst Company Name Calgary Laboratory Services Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos •Translate business rules and create technical solutions for a database warehouse using Informatica PowerCenter toolset and Oracle SQL Developer Analyst Company Name Alberta Health Services Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Calgary, Canada Area Data Analyst Company Name Calgary Laboratory Services Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Calgary, Canada Area •Managed performance metrics by gathering requirements, extracting data using PL/SQL queries, and creating visualizations. •Manipulated data structures, performed meaningful analyses, and analyzed information for trends in large relational data sets. •Skilled in business intelligence tools (Oracle) and familiar with Lab Systems (Millennium, Sunquest, Meditech).•Developed data flow diagrams with subject matter experts (SMEs) and communicated data extract specifications to Business Intelligence (BI) developers.•Facilitated meetings between SMEs and BI developers to ensure data warehouse will fulfill stakeholders’ reporting needs. •Gathered business rules, facilitated discussion to translate business rules into basic Extract Transform Load (ETL) mappings, and trained in Informatica PowerCenter. Business Intelligence (Analytics and Reporting) Certificate Company Name SAIT Dates Employed May 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos •Hands-on learning of T-SQL querying, database administration, business analysis, data warehouse architecture and design, extract-transform-load (ETL) processes, online analytical processes (OLAP), reporting tools, and visualization applications. Investigator and Research Associate (Graduate Student) Company Name Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behavior, University of Wisconsin-Madison Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Madison, WI •Designed a psychology (clinical, affective, social, cognitive) meditation project coded in Python.•Presented at analysis meetings and incorporating group feedback.•Modified Python scripts to present psychological stimulus, and worked with development team.•Matched experimental design with appropriate statistical analyses.•Processed functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) brain data on a UNIX platform.•Performed data quality checks and managed data. •Supervised undergraduate students, and wrote ethics protocols. See more positions Education Southern Alberta Institute of Technology / SAIT Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Business Intelligence (Data Analysis and Reporting) Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Psychology, Psychophysiology & Neuroscience Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Activities and Societies: University Fellowship McMaster University Degree Name Bachelor of Health Sciences (Honors) Field Of Study Minor in Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: McMaster Honor Award Skills Research Design Research Design Click and drag to reorder skills Research Analysis Research Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills ANOVA ANOVA Click and drag to reorder skills Linear Regression Linear Regression Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jenny has 17 courses 17 Expand courses section Courses Applied Business Intelligence Project Architecture and Design Business Analysis for B.I. Applications Design & Statistics Psychology Design and Analysis: General Linear Model ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) Health Interventions (Epidemiology & Clinical Trials) Health Systems & Health Policy Intro to Clinical Assessment (Intelligence, Learning, and Personality tests) Introduction to Data Management Jenny has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Infosys 908,879 followers Calgary Laboratory Services 1,162 followers HR & Psychometrics 92,071 members Apollo Education Group 37,968 followers SAIT Business Intelligence Group 442 members GroupM 106,222 followers See all See all following
More Actions Data has a account Data Analyst Datamining Clinical research and data analysis Interferon Inc Greater Los Angeles Area 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data analyst with 12 years' experience in analyzing high throughput data from gene expression experiments. Experienced in scripting, statistical programming and modeling. Current project involves examining effects of doxorubicin, docetaxel, tamoxifen and other drugs on various cell lines, animal models and patients.Involved in looking at point mutations, indels genomic rearrangements and SNPs from tumor sequencing experiments.Also very interested in R, SAS and Open Clinica for EDC. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Datamining for Interferon Inc. Company Name Interferon Inc Examine trends in data from tumor tissues and create pipelines for high throughput data analysis.Create tools, manuals and tutorials. Use SOAP,PERL AND clinical software. Market analysis consultant Company Name Event management co Dates Employed Mar 2000 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 9 yrs 1 mo Data analyst QA QC Company Name A National research Institute Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Mar 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Bioinformatics Bioinformatics No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Genomics Genomics No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Molecular Biology Molecular Biology No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Staybridge Suites® Hotels 6,821 followers Life Technologies 105,406 followers OpenClinica 1,819 followers Trial Data Solutions 27 followers Cloud Computing for Bioinformatics 1,585 members Pulse 1,535,137 followers See all See all following
More Actions Demetri has a account Demetri Pananos Data Scientist Right Blue Labs and Western University University of Waterloo Toronto, Ontario, Canada 142 142 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Scientist with expertise in applied mathematics. Knowledgable in Python, SQL, Matlab, and R. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Demetri’s Articles 142 followers Visualizing English Football Team Wins Demetri Pananos on LinkedIn Publish dateNovember 11, 2016 See 2 more articles When Do ISIS Proponents Tweet Most? Demetri Pananos on LinkedIn Publish dateMay 30, 2016 Experience Data Scientist Company Name Right Blue Labs and Western University Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Consultant Client Analytics Company Name Aimia Inc Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Graduate Student Researcher Company Name University of Waterloo Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Degree: M.MATH (Master's of Mathematics)Department: Applied MathematicsThesis Title: Early Warning Signals of Vaccine Scares.Vaccine scares are an important phenomena to understand. When a vaccine is perceived to be sufficiently risky, people will stop vaccinating, leading to outbreaks of potentially deadly diseases. The prediction of these vaccine scares is clearly important. In my thesis, I present and discuss mathematical methods to predict vaccine scares before they happen. I was a finalist in the 3MT (3 Minute Thesis) competition at The University of Waterloo. To see my presentation, simply search my name on YouTube. Data Analyst Company Name Maerospace Corporation Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 10 mos Education University of Waterloo Degree Name Master of Mathematics Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2016 Under the Supervision of Dr. Chris Bauch Western University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 9 endorsements for Statistics 9 Statistics Meaghan Evans and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 9 endorsements for Matlab 9 Matlab Meaghan Evans and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 8 endorsements for Research 8 Research Meaghan Evans and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Demetri has 24 courses 24 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Calculus Advanced Differential Equation Theory Advanced Partial Differential Equations Applied Linear Algeba Asymptotic Analysis and Perturbation Calculus Classical Mechanics Complex Analysis Computing and Informatics Dynamical Systems and Chaos Demetri has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications The kinetics of regeneration of rhodopsin under enzyme-limited availability of 11-cis retinoid How Does the Human Eye Adapt to the Dark? A toolbox for rapid quantitative assessment of chronological lifespan and survival in Saccharomyces cerevisiae Demetri has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Machine Learning Projects for Vaccine Sentiment Analysis on Twitter. Misc Projects. Interests Addictive Mobility 3,346 followers Interset 1,220 followers TC Transcontinental Printing 4,151 followers Chris Cates Inc. 50 followers Aimia Inc 41,457 followers Makeplain Corporation 1,967 followers See all See all following
More Actions Perez Charles - has a account Perez Charles - Associate Professor - Data Analyst Associate Professor at PSB Paris School of Business & CEO of Profilyser - Digital social network analyst Profilyser University of Technology of Troyes Paris Area, France 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Charles holds a B.S. , M.S. and PhD in Computer Science. He is now an associate professor at Paris School of Business. He has 5 years of research experience on social media analysis. He has the conviction that scientific research can enhance business application by bridging the gap between physical and digital world. For this reason he founded cyber-physical search engine - Profilyser.Specialties: Computer science, Social Network Analysis See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Perez Charles -’s Articles 1,064 followers The Digital Information Supply Chain for Social Media Data Special issue call for papers from Information Discovery and Delivery Perez Charles - Associate Professor - Data Analyst on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 19, 2017 See 2 more articles Pinfluence available on App store! Perez Charles - Associate Professor - Data Analyst on LinkedIn Publish dateNovember 2, 2016 Experience CEO Company Name Profilyser Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Troyes Area, France Profilyser is a web-based solution that analyses social media activity, measures and visualises key influence areas by geographical location and also identifies key players. By using our search engine tool customers can input keywords and timeframes and then will receive a visual representation of hotspots and related key influencers. We bridge the gap between the physical and digital worlds.In a few words: Profilyser connects the who, the what and the where.Ask for a demo access at www.profilyser.com/contact Media (1) This position has 1 media Profilyser Teaser Profilyser Teaser This media is a video Entrepreneur Company Name Charles Perez Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Troyes Ingénieur, Docteur en informatique, je vous propose services et formations dans les disciplines suivantes : Bureautique, Système et réseaux, développement, bases de données, etc.*************************Formations proposées***************************BUREAUTIQUE Initiation à l'informatiqueInstallation de WindowsInternet bases & perfectionnementManipuler l'iPhoneGoogle driveUsage d'un réseau social (Facebook, Twitter, Viadéo, LinkedIn, etc.)Microsoft Excel (Base, intermédiaire, perfectionnement et avancé)Microsoft Excel : les macros et base de VBA Microsoft Word (Base, intermédiaire, perfectionnement et avancé)Microsoft Powerpoint (Base, intermédiaire, perfectionnement et avancé) SYSTEME ET RESEAUX Linux UnixShell Script DÉVELOPPEMENT LOGICIEL UML Design patternGestion de projet : Agile scrumProgrammation JavaProgrammation java avec design patternsDéveloppement de pages WEB avec HTML CSSXMLLanguage CLanguage PythonXcode et développement d'application pour iOS BASES DE DONNÉES Language SQLBases de données relationnelles Associate Professor Company Name PSB Paris School of Business Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Paris Teaching the following courses : COMPUTER FOR BUSINESSBIG DATA & WEB INTELLIGENCE AGILE PROJECT MANAGEMENTMANAGEMENT OF INFORMATION SYSTEMS DIGITAL TECHNOLOGIES & MEDIAS TRANSFORMATIONSSOCIAL NETWORK ANALYSISOBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMINGPRODUCTIVITY TOOLS FOR BUSINESS PhD in Computer Science Company Name University of Technology of Troyes Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Troyes A behaviour-based approach to protecting mobile social network usersOur society is facing many changes in the way it communicates. The emergence of mobile terminals alongside digital social networks allows information to be shared from almost anywhere with the option of all parties being connected simultaneously. The growing use of smartphones and digital social networks in a professional context presents an opportunity, but it also exposes businesses and users to many threats, such as leakage of sensitive information, spamming, illegal access to personal data, etc.Although a significant increase in malicious activities on social platforms can be observed, currently there is no solution that ensures a completely controlled usage of digital social networks. This work aims to make a major contribution in this area through the implementation of a methodology (SPOTLIGHT) that not only uses the behaviour of profiles for evaluation purposes, but also to protect the user. This methodology relies on the assumption that smartphones, which are closely related to their owners, store and memorise traces of activity (interactions) that can be used to better protect the user online.This approach is implemented in a mobile prototype called SPOTLIGHT 1.0, which analyses traces stored in users’ smartphone to help them make the right decisions to protect their data Media (1) This position has 1 media Approche comportementale pour la sécurisation des utilisateurs de réseaux sociaux numériques mobiles Approche comportementale pour la sécurisation des utilisateurs de réseaux sociaux numériques mobiles This media is a link IEEE student member Company Name IEEE Dates Employed 2012 – 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education University of Technology of Troyes Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 The main contribution of this work is the SPOTLIGHT methodology that integrates not only behavior of profiles to analyze but also the behavior of the user to secure. The main assumption is that smartphones, that are tightly related to their owners, store and memorize traces of interactions that can be used to perform smart security. This approach is implemented in a mobile prototype called SPOTLIGHT 1.0 that analyzes interactions stored on users' smartphones to help them make appropriate decisions and protect their data. University of Technology of Troyes Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Management in security Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Master IMSGA Media (1) This position has 1 media Université de technologie de Troyes Université de technologie de Troyes This media is a link Ecole supérieure d'Informatique, Electronique et Automatique Degree Name Engineer's degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Computer science & Electronics Featured Skills & Endorsements Java See 19 endorsements for Java 19 Java Endorsed by Amel BEN OTHMANE, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Perez Charles -’s colleagues at PSB Paris School of Business Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Science See 18 endorsements for Computer Science 18 Computer Science Endorsed by Łukasz Augustyniak, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Perez Charles -’s colleagues at PSB Paris School of Business Click and drag to reorder skills Programming See 12 endorsements for Programming 12 Programming Endorsed by 2 of Perez Charles -’s colleagues at PSB Paris School of Business Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Perez Charles - has 11 publications 11 Expand publications section Publications Android Application Classification and Anomaly Detection with Graph-based Permission Patterns Analysing Human Migrations Patterns Using Digital Social Network Analysis Android Application Classification and Anomaly Detection with Graph-based Permission Patterns Book chapter: Graph Creation and Analysis for Linking Actors : Application to social data Privacy Threats from Social Networking Service Aggregators A smartphone-based online social network trust evaluation system A dynamic approach to detecting suspicious profiles on social platforms The Multi-layer imbrication for data leakage prevention from ubiquitous devices. Multi-layer crisis mapping: a social media based approach SPOT 1.0: Scoring Suspicious Profiles On Twitter Perez Charles - has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages English French Italian Russian Spanish Perez Charles - has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Certificate of publication Decision Support Systems Introduction to Data Science Social Network Analysis Perez Charles - has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Best Paper Award PATTERNS 2017 Certificate of publication Decision Support Systems Web Summit Alpha Perez Charles - has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations PATTERNS 2017 The Ninth International Conferences on Pervasive Patterns and Applications Profilyser Perez Charles - has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Pinfluence iOS Application Social Media Awards 2015 Interests Rob NormanRob Norman is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Digital Officer GroupM, Chairman GroupM North America 276,480 followers Greg McKeownGreg McKeown is a LinkedIn Influencer New York Times Bestselling Author 263,404 followers Anne FinucaneAnne Finucane is a LinkedIn Influencer Vice Chairman at Bank of America 104,223 followers National University of Tainan 2,659 followers "H2020 ICT" Research and Innovation in ICT, Collaborative R&D Projects & Partner Search 24,868 members Anthony LeiserowitzAnthony Leiserowitz is a LinkedIn Influencer Director, Yale Program on Climate Change Communication at Yale University 155,267 followers See all See all following
More Actions Henry has a account Henry VanWye, Systems Engineer, Data Analyst Systems Engineering: Mathematical / Statistical Sensor Signal Processing / Data Analysis Dallas/Fort Worth Area 145 145 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Henry VanWyeRichardson, TX 75081972-822-0125henry.vanwye@gmail.comSYSTEMS ENGINEER - SIGNAL PROCESSOR - DATA ANALYST Systems Engineer with core strengths of signal processing and data analysis to evaluate and display a sensor / system's performance. A proven track record developing algorithms for a high technology defense contractor's customer requirements. Selected Career Accomplishments:• ALGORITHM DEVELOPMENT - Created real-time spectral display used by 25+ engineers to evaluate system's performance during flight test phase. The positive effect was a 50% time reduction in the test phase resulting in substantial cost reduction to the program. • AIRBORNE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT - Team lead that developed sensor system resulting in 30x sensitivity improvement in the US Navy's current Anti-Submarine Warfare (ASW) fleet systems.• SYSTEM INTEGRATION & TEST - Achieved 90% of the exit criteria goals for performance evaluation tests of sensor systems under adverse flight conditions including US Navy coordinated tests.Specialties: Algorithm DevelopmentArray ProcessingDigital Signal ProcessingCoherence AnalysisControl SystemsData Collection, AnalysisDiscrete Random SeriesFFT, Fast Fourier TransformsFrequency ResponseLabVIEWReal-Time DisplaysGraphical User InterfacesResonance LoopsMathematicsOptimizationMATLABSimulinkSimulationModelingNoise ReductionStatistical Signal ProcessingSystems Design, DevelopmentSystems Engineering See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Wireline Manufacturing Engineer Company Name Halliburton - Preferred upstream service company for the development of global oil and gas assets. Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Houston und Umgebung, Texas Applied engineering skills to the analysis, modification and testing of electronic hardware and firmware for Wireline Downhole tools. Developed specifications, procedures and reports. Provided technical guidance to other personnel involved in assembly and testing of production tools. Systems Engineer / Signal Processor / Data Analyst Company Name Polatomic Inc. - R&D business that develops magnetic detection sensors for defense & space apps Dates Employed Nov 1998 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 12 yrs Responsible for the technical development and successful implementation of real-time control / status, data collection / analysis display programs for the evaluation of sensor systems. • Key member of the team awarded with a $32 million contract by Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR, US Navy Lab) to produce 86 AN/ASQ-233 Multi-Mode Magnetic Detection Systems (3MDS) magnetometer systems over five years.• Supported, collected and analyzed data for more than 30 flight tests of Polatomic 3MDS magnetometer systems funded by the US Navy's Office of Naval Research (ONR) and NAVAIR. Evaluated system noise, platform environmental noise and target signature detection under various flight conditions, including US Navy coordinated tests, reaching 90% of the exit criteria goals.• Developed real-time LabVIEW remote Ethernet - based spectral analysis tools, system spectral display, control / status and data collection programs used by 25+ engineers / scientists to evaluate magnetometer systems, cutting evaluation time 50%.• Made real-time, in-flight evaluations possible of noise reduction, motion compensation, target detection and statistical signal analysis. Provided time traces, amplitude - frequency plots and 3D time - frequency charts. Realistic evaluations of target track algorithms were only possible with the real-time position plots allowing pilot to determine on-the-spot aircraft flight course / path. Technical System Program Engineer Company Name Polatomic Inc. - Research & Development business that produces magnetic sensors for defense & space. Dates Employed Nov 1998 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 12 yrs Responsible for the technical development and evaluation of high sensitivity laser-pumped helium magnetometers (magnetic detection sensors) for defense applications.• Performed program management, proposals, cost estimates and reporting, used to further develop 1/2-size, -weight & -power (SWaP) Compact Magnetic Detection System (CMDS) slated for Boeing's ScanEagle and Northrop Grumman's FireScout MQ-8B Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). • Applied extensive experience and technical skills as a team member developing / troubleshooting magnetometer sensors made up of an electronics amp and sensor optics including:Embedded processor........Ethernet output......3-axis accelerometerFPGA.............................Preamps................3-axis vector magnetometerA/d & d/a converters.........Laser control loop....Magnetic resonance loopLaser...............................GPS unit................H1 resonance driversThermal Electric Cooler....Ignition drivers.........RF excitation driversHelium resonance cells....Circular polarizers....IR (Infrared) detectors Technical Project Engineer Company Name Raytheon TI Systems (RTIS) - TI DSEG sold to Raytheon in 1997. Dates Employed 1992 – 1998 Employment Duration 6 yrs Responsible for the technical design and development of major components of AN/ASQ-208 Advanced Digital Magnetic Anomaly Detection (MAD) or ADM magnetometer system plus the production, testing and evaluation of the system and its performance.• Lead Engineer of the Advanced Digital MAD (Magnetic Anomaly Detection) team that produced twenty Digital MAD systems over 18 months for NAVAIR.• Designed and tested four out of ten mil-spec boards of the Amplifier Unit of the ADM MAD system including the DRO, Digital Resonance Oscillator and the DSP, Digital Signal Processing boards.• Initiated access to the DRO and DSP I/O bus through an external test connector; greatly enhancing the capability and time for acceptance test verification of the magnetometer's noise performance.• Utilized a Dynamic Signal Analyzer (with specialized digital I/O option) that allowed real-time FFT frequency spectral domain testing of the magnetic sensor's noise floor. Education Oklahoma State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Activities and Societies: IEEE Featured Skills & Endorsements Systems Engineering See 19 endorsements for Systems Engineering 19 Systems Engineering Douglas McGregor and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Signal Processing See 7 endorsements for Statistical Signal Processing 7 Statistical Signal Processing Jim Hope and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Labview - Real-Time System Spectral Analysis GUI Display Labview - Real-Time System Spectral Analysis GUI Display No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (7) Given (1) Glen Meggs Senior Systems Engineer -- Software Systems Algorithm Development, Matlab, Implementation January 17, 2011, Henry worked with Glen in the same group I have worked with Henry for several years and know him as a valuable colleague. He has strong knowledge in signal processing, a solid understanding of hardware systems, and is capable and willing to perform in all areas of systems engineering. Henry has an eye for detail and a flair for devising novel and informative methods of data analysis. Jim J.H.Manning -- January 12, 2011, Jim managed Henry directly Henry is a hard working, dedicated, experienced and talented engineer and was well recognized for his contributions and work ethics @ Polatomic. He functioned as an individual contributor, team member & Program Manager @ Polatomic. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Mike Sampson Program Manager at Polatomic January 21, 2011, Mike worked with Henry in the same group Several things come to mind about Mike when I think about our years together at Polatomic. Mike had a very skillful ability for planning and budgeting the programs he managed. Mike was very organized and had a keen sense of how to identify the key tasks / issues that needed to be addressed for his program's success. I highly recommend Mike. Accomplishments Interests IBM 3,427,382 followers DRS SSI 467 followers L-3 Mustang Technology 1,168 followers General Dynamics 97,636 followers Oklahoma State University 140,941 followers Cirrus Logic 22,503 followers See all See all following
More Actions Xue has a account Xue Yao Primary Care Statistical Analyst at Winnipeg Regional Health Authority Winnipeg Regional Health Authority University of Saskatchewan Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Statistician / Data Analyst with strong analytic skills➢ 4+ years of experience in providing analytical and consultative services for evidence-based decision making in healthcare.➢ Specialized in utilizing data analysis that leverage various types of administrative, longitudinal patient level data and registry data.Specialty: Data mining Statistical analysis Logistic regression Predictive modelling Biostatistics SAS See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Primary Care Statistical Analyst Company Name Winnipeg Regional Health Authority Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Statistical Analyst / Programmer Company Name Winnipeg Regional Health Authority Dates Employed Nov 2013 – May 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Develop and implement internal programming tools to accurately conduct analysis and timely generate reports; Acquire, manage and perform statistical analysis of various databases to inform relevant stakeholders and support collaborative programs;Undertake proactive, on-going improvement of analysis and reporting capacity for automatic and dynamic analysis mechanism; Data Analyst Company Name University of Manitoba Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Winnipeg, Canada Area Design, develop, test and implement appropriate analysis of health care data;Work with external agencies to develop documentation and necessary processes to extract, transfer and load administrative data;Periodically provide advice and guidance on the structure of databases, content, and the most effective approach to analytic problems. Statistical Consultant Company Name Saskatchewan Health Research Foundation Project Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Provided advice to abstract data for quantitative evaluation based on the Resident Assessment Instrument Minimum Data Set Version measure;Applied longitudinal data analysis to evaluate the facilities implemented Person Centered Care;Conducted analyses of the quality of healthcare administrative data;Summarized and interpreted the analysis results to researchers using meaningful graphs and tables; Statistical Analyst Company Name School of Public Health, University of Saskatchewan Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Provided programming support for efficient data manipulation, descriptive statistics and statistical analysis;Analyzed data using hierarchical analysis and detected the factors associated with the outcomes; Education University of Saskatchewan Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Biostatistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Beijing Institute of Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Volunteer Experience Executive Member Company Name Winnipeg SAS Users Group Dates volunteered Dec 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 6 mos Cause Science and Technology Content Delivery Team Members Company Name SAS Global Forum 2016 Dates volunteered Jun 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs Cause Science and Technology Work with Content Delivery Team Leads and SAS staff on content delivery logistics and communicate with the presenters to ensure that presenters and authors have everything they need to provide a high quality conference. http://www.sas.com/en_us/events/sas-global-forum/sas-global-forum-2016.html Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 47 endorsements for Statistics 47 Statistics Endorsed by Zhenyu Cui and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Xue’s colleagues at University of Manitoba Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 38 endorsements for SAS 38 SAS Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Xue’s colleagues at University of Manitoba Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 31 endorsements for Data Analysis 31 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Xue’s colleagues at University of Manitoba Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Peter Eberhardt Consultant at Fernwood Consulting Group Inc. March 7, 2016, Peter worked with Xue but at different companies I first met Xue at the Junior Professional reception at SAS Global Forum 2013 in San Francisco; I found her to be a bright, energetic young woman. During our conversation I also discovered we were both working on similar projects, and both wanted to explore the new SAS procedure DS2 to help in our work. Xue and I have subsequently collaborated on SAS Global Forum papers and workshops featuring PROC DS2. During these collaborations she was not just responsive but more importantly a great source of fresh ideas, forcing me to work to keep up.I know Xue has a bright future, and anyone with the opportunity to work with her will be rewarded. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Xue has 7 certifications 7 Expand certifications section Certifications Introduction to Project Management Principles and Practices Specialization Budgeting and Scheduling Projects Initiating and Planning Projects Managing Project Risks and Changes NetCourse® 152: Advanced Stata Programing SAS® Certified Advanced Programmer for SAS® 9 SAS® Certified Base Programmer for SAS® 9 Xue has 5 courses 5 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Topics in Analytical Epidemiologist Computational Statistics Epidemiology for Public Health Modern Biostatistics Statistical Inference Xue has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications DS2 with Both Hands on the Wheel I Object: SAS® Does Objects with DS2 A Flexible Method to Apply Multiple Imputation Using SAS/IML® Studio Xue has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Xue has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Completeness of Physician Billing Claims Administrative Health Databases in Canada Quality of Administrative Health Databases Xue has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award SAS Global Forum 2013 Junior Professional Award Xue has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Graduate Students Association Interests St. Michael's Hospital 15,781 followers Accenture 2,718,426 followers Tony HsiehTony Hsieh is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Zappos.com 262,879 followers Clinical Research Professionals 107,900 members Market Access: Pharma Experts 16,784 members SAS Professional Forum 43,692 members See all See all following
More Actions Juan has a account Juan Calderon - Data Analyst Data Analyst, SQL, IoT, Business Intelligence, Raspberry Pi, Arduino CCCTEK Level Education San Francisco Bay Area 214 214 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data passionate, customer and quality focused with experience in different business aspects including financial, operations, logistics and quality assurance. I enjoy working on projects that enhance the organization’s business objective and have a track record of doing so in diverse organizations. Completed an intensive analytics boot camp and I am eager to apply my data analysis skills. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience IoT Developer Company Name CCCTEK Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area • Design and develop Relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS) using Entity Relationship (ERWin) diagrams and database attributes specifications.• Integrate Raspberry Pi with sensors for data acquisition as well as Arduino microprocessors using Python and C/C++ languages. Integration Dweet.io/FreeBoard.io cloud services.• Perform assembly, configuration, and sales of Raspberry Pi Project Kits used for Home Automation, Media Servers.• Write documents related to software requirements specifications, design, and testing. Software Support - Technical Consultant Company Name Hewlett-Packard Dates Employed 1999 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 15 yrs • Customized reports and graphs per customers and consulting partners request.• Helped technical consultants at remote customer sites with application installation and configuration resulting in closing licenses and support contract sales worth over several hundred thousand dollars over the years.• Contributed to HP knowledge base database for peers and customers reference.• Installed MS SQL and Oracle into servers to allow installation of HP Enterprise applications.• Provided Level I and II support for Windows Server Operating System and Back Office Products including Windows Server, Windows 2000 SQL 97, Exchange, ManageX, DTA software for event remote monitoring and software distribution. Research and Operations Assistant. Company Name BioRecycling Technologies Dates Employed 1994 – 1998 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Gonzales, ca • Helped with publication of marketing materials for new develop products including brochures, product specifications using Publisher.• Developed database system to monitor composting operations, generate work orders and create reports for the company’s management and the CA Health Department using MS Access and VBScript.• Prepared optimization templates that applied linear programming techniques to develop fertilizer formulas using MS Excel.• Designed statistical experiments to compare effects of company products against third party products.• Implemented SPC (Statistical Process Control) for production lines of liquid fertilizer.• Tested water and soils using instruments such as ICP and AA, as well as wet chemistry procedures.• Performed bacteriological testing and statistical reporting based on findings. Education Level Education Field Of Study Data Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Data Analytics, projects includes financial, environmental, and social media fields using tools such as Excel, Statistics, R, SQL (MySQL), NoSQL (MongoDB, Tableau, and Orange Machine Learning. University of California, Irvine Degree Name Specialization Field Of Study Programming Internet of Things Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Design, create, and deploy a fun IoT device using Arduino and Raspberry Pi platforms.This Specialization covers embedded systems, the Raspberry Pi Platform, and the Arduino environment for building devices that can control the physical world. University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Post Baccalaureate Certificate Extension Field Of Study Information Systems and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 Media (1) This position has 1 media Technology and Information Management Certificates and Programs | UC Berkeley Extension Technology and Information Management Certificates and Programs | UC Berkeley Extension This media is a link See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Tableau See 2 endorsements for Tableau 2 Tableau Eric Katzelnick and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 7 endorsements for SQL 7 SQL Endorsed by Patrick Ferrell - Software Engineer, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Juan’s colleagues at Hewlett Packard Enterprise Click and drag to reorder skills R See 2 endorsements for R 2 R Eric Katzelnick and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Hillary White Nash, MBA Experienced Senior Program Manager October 2, 2014, Juan reported directly to Hillary Hillary is a great team manager, she helped our software support team succeed maintaining high customer satisfaction quarter after quarter. Hillary would be a valuable asset to any company because her managerial an technical skills. Accomplishments Juan has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Analytics Bootcamp - Level Education An Introduction to Programming the Internet of Things (IOT) Specialization Information Systems and Management Microsoft Certified Professional Systems Engineer Juan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests Coursera Course Certificates 103,616 followers HP 2,446,915 followers Level Education 123 followers University of California, Berkeley 521,265 followers Data Science Central 291,504 members Pulse 1,535,138 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anthony has a account Anthony Liotta Senior Director, Strategic Cost Management at Walmart Walmart York University - Schulich School of Business Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an experienced operations strategist and project leader with a strong background in strategy and operational improvement in retail and other industries. I have a proven track record of exceeding expectations in complex situations.Specialties: Experienced in enterprise improvement and corporate strategy. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Director, Strategic Cost Management Company Name Walmart Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Toronto, Canada Area Director, Operations Finance Company Name Walmart Dates Employed 2014 – 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Strategy Manager Company Name Walmart Dates Employed 2012 – 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Senior Manager, Strategic Projects-Discount Division Company Name Loblaw Companies Limited Dates Employed 2009 – 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs Senior Manager in the PMO of Canada's largest retailer. In an execution-focused role, I led the delivery of key initiatives in Operations, Merchandising, and Marketing, and supported the development of Corporate Strategy. Associate Consultant Company Name nD-Insight Corporation Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Joined one of Canada’s fastest growing companies in 2007, primarily focused on Health Care Operations Strategy. See more positions Education York University - Schulich School of Business Degree Name International Bachelor of Business Administration York University - Schulich School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Global Retail Management Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 49 endorsements for Strategy 49 Strategy Endorsed by 10 people who know Strategy Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy See 34 endorsements for Business Strategy 34 Business Strategy Endorsed by 11 of Anthony’s colleagues at Loblaw Companies Limited Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 23 endorsements for Business Analysis 23 Business Analysis Serge Théberge, PhD and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Simon Rinella Senior Manager at BDO July 20, 2010, Simon managed Anthony directly I have enjoyed working with Anthony for almost 4 years at Deloitte.During his tenure, Anthony developed sound business and analytical skills. Anthony is a keen and informed business advisor, well equipped to lead a project or team. I look forward to working with Anthony again in some capacity. Ishma Zahur Government of Ontario April 22, 2009, Anthony worked with Ishma in the same group It was a pleasure working with Anthony. He is extremely hard working and determined. He has keen insight in the public sector area and is a great team player. Simon Rinella Senior Manager at BDO July 19, 2010, Anthony reported directly to Simon Simon was an excellent manager and a great mentor. He possesses a thorough understanding of the public sector across all levels of government. His logical, data-driven approach to projects was integral in my early career development. It was a privilege to have worked for him. Ishma Zahur Government of Ontario April 22, 2009, Ishma worked with Anthony in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Ishma directly on an engagement in a complimentary workstream, as well as a member of the broader public sector team at Deloitte. Ishma is extremely hard-working and outcome-oriented. It was a pleasure working with her. Accomplishments Interests Schulich School of Business (YorkU) Alumni 5,004 members Retail Industry Professionals Group 614,370 members Walmart 865,023 followers Schulich School of Business - York University 42,344 followers Big Box Retail Professionals 34,923 members Loblaw - Current and Former Employees 3,973 members See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian McKenna Risk & Capital Data Analyst KBC Bank Ireland Dublin Business School Ireland 360 360 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Strategic thinker with strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills, with experience solving complex problems using data and providing practical business insights. Highly motivated and hard-working with ability to think clearly under pressure and meeting deadlines, both individually and in team environment. Strong working knowledge of statistical analysis languages including SQL, R and Excel. Good data visualisation skills using statistical and Business Information packages such as SAS, Tableau and Hadoop. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to rapidly assess, analyse and resolve complicated issues, and transform complexity to clear and precise reports. Strong experience held in creating and managing complex projects to review, analyse and update credit risk frameworks and to effect policy and procedure change. Possess significant knowledge (17 years) of the financial sector including an in depth knowledge of credit risk policies, Basel III Framework and all Banking products. Strong team leader with an excellent teamwork ethic and the ability to train, support and encourage colleagues to achieve targets and goals. Excellent track record of building strong working relationships with new and existing clients Recently obtained a first class honours in Level 8 Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics. Currently studying part time towards a Level 9 Postgraduate Diploma in SQL, Javascript & PHP. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Risk & Capital Data Analyst Company Name KBC Bank Ireland Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Dublin - Monitor and analyse Bank balance sheet on a monthly/quarterly basis - Investigate and perform deep dive analysis into positive and negative trends and propose solutions - Implementation and testing of new Data Warehouse process in the Bank - review and develop Bank policy and processes to streamline/automate workload - Regulatory Capital & RWA analysis - Create ad hoc regulatory reports for Central Bank/ECB requirements Level 8 Higher Diploma in Data Analytics - First Class Honours Achieved Company Name Dublin Business School Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Dublin Statistics for Data Analysis• Descriptive statistics, inferential statistics, regression analysis• Python & R programmingAdvanced Data Analytics• Regression, multivariate data, casual inference & dependent dataDatabases & Business Applications• Analysis, design, programming, testing, implementation & evaluation• SQLData & Web Mining• Web Content Mining, Web Usage Mining & Web Linkage Mining• Data Mining vs Statistics, Machine Learning, KDD & Business Intelligence• Predictive data mining, Descriptive data mining, Pattern mining & anomaly detection• Web Content Mining, Web Usage Mining & Web Linkage Mining• Association Rule mining, Nearest Neighbour, Decision Tree classifier & k-means.Tools for Data Analysis• Excel & SQL• R, SAS & Stata• Python, Ruby, R & Java• Hadoop (Pig, Hive, Spark)• MapReduce & CloudsearchProgramming for Big DataData Warehousing and Business Intelligence Lending Manager Company Name Ulster Bank Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location College Green • Manage the new business lending team within the Business Direct Unit Dublin with 5 direct reports.• Specialise in the preparation and submission of lending reports ranging from personal customers to large multinational entities. Experience also held in agricultural lending with Agricultural Lending Certificate awarded in 2014• Manage the daily workflow for new applications received to ensure swift decision for customers. • Monthly management information reviewed for high value cases and perform credit reviews to analyse and assess ongoing credit risk Commercial Officer Company Name Ulster Bank Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location College Green • Responsible for management and development of a diverse portfolio consisting connections of varying complexity and sourcing new to bank business through internal and external networking• Building strong relationships with intermediaries and maximising cross sales• Evaluation and preparation of lending applications whilst ensuring operational risk compliance. • Preparation of facility and security documentation and opening of new business accounts Business Executive Company Name Ulster Bank Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location College Green Business Centre • Preparation and processing of loan applications, facility and security documentation.• Developing and maintaining customer relationships including the identification and pursuing cross sales opportunities within customer portfolio.• Assisting in and sourcing new business development opportunities. See more positions Education Dublin Business School Degree Name Higher Diploma In Science in Data Analytics Field Of Study Computer Science Grade First Class Honours Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Activities and Societies: President of Data Analytics Society. Class rep between colleagues and college Institute of Banking Degree Name Qualified Financial Advisor(QFA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 Castleknock College Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 16 endorsements for Management 16 Management Endorsed by 11 of Brian’s colleagues at Ulster Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 15 endorsements for Portfolio Management 15 Portfolio Management Endorsed by 12 of Brian’s colleagues at Ulster Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business Lending See 9 endorsements for Small Business Lending 9 Small Business Lending Endorsed by 8 of Brian’s colleagues at Ulster Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brian has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Accreditation in Agricultural Lending Accreditation in Lending Business Analytics using SAS Diploma in Microsoft Excel MTA: Database Administration Fundamentals Brian has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Institute of Bankers Interests AIB 33,530 followers EY 1,713,912 followers Datahug 2,182 followers Intesa Sanpaolo 142,002 followers KBC Bank Ireland 10,769 followers State Street 149,842 followers See all See all following
More Actions Data has a account Data Analyst Data Analyst at PharMerica PharMerica United States 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name PharMerica Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests PharMerica 10,438 followers Pulse 1,535,139 followers
More Actions Henry has a account Henry Zabokrzycki Senior Data Analyst Canadian Tire Corporation Oakland University Brampton, Ontario, Canada 5 5 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • An extensive IT background implementing data management solutions based on diverse relational database technologies including Netezza, SQL Server, Oracle, DB2 and MySQL/MariaDB in the roles of data analyst/ architect/ modeler and database developer/ administrator• Deep skills and experience using the SQL language, back end database development tools and programming APIs with procedural and scripting languages and front end developer tools accessing rdbms through ODBC/JDBC• Design, development, tuning and optimization of complex on line transaction processing and decision support• Development and administration of database back end knowledge management using constraints, stored procedures, triggers, user defined data types and functions• Expertise with database conceptual/ logical/ physical modeling, data normalization/ de-normalization, schema design and large scale implementations• Experience with design and development of 3rd normal form OLTP data models and star / snowflake schema data warehouse models and SQL DDL generation• Sourcing, profiling, mapping, ETL, metadata definitions, migration and integration of data between heterogeneous data sources and targets• Experience supporting deployment of a large enterprise wide ERP system, mapping of business process and design/development of data interfaces with legacy systems See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name Canadian Tire Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Toronto , ON Data Analyst (regular full time)In my role as an analyst in the Data Quality/ Governance team my deliverables includes new development using the Ataccama Data Quality Centre tool for data profiling, masking and cleansing of the Enterprise Data Warehouse implemented in Netezza and Oracle.• Analysis of data input including source system flat files and DBMS tables of the entire Enterprise Data Warehouse including landing, staging and data mart components in the Development/ QAT and Production environments• Development of Ataccama scripts and workflows to analyze, profile and mask very large entities for different project requirements• Development of complex bridge queries across DB2, Netezza and Oracle environments for data investigations and analysis of requirements for data interfaces, decision support and data lineage analysis• Support of the legacy Enterprise Data Warehouse implemented in DB2 including ad hoc data investigations and support of data interfaces (500+)• Developed data quality analysis tools based on SQL scripts/ stored procedures to support data migration of 1500 tables from legacy DB2 to MariaDB rdbms Education Oakland University Degree Name BSME Field Of Study Bachelor Science Mechanical Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Oakland University 83,549 followers Pulse 1,535,139 followers
More Actions Market Data has a account Market Data Analyst Senior Analyst at Company in Connecticut Financial services and insurance company Graduate Business School Greater New York City Area 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Analyst Company Name Financial services and insurance company Dates Employed 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Connecticut - Senior Marketing Research Analyst Company Name Pharmaceutical/biotech market research and marketing consulting firm Dates Employed 2008 – 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Connecticut -Managed and analyzed data, and wrote reports with findings, executive summaries, and recommendations. -Conducted statistical analyses of data using SPSS.-Performed quantitative primary market research to help pharmaceutical clients assess brands and markets.-Developed online surveys for multiple target audiences in North America and Europe.• Provided value-added insights with the use of perceptual maps created from large databases.• Reduced expenses by providing personal translation of foreign materials.• Initiated the promotion of the company at trade shows.• Created newsletters for email campaigns in order to promote the company and cultivate new clients. Researcher / Contractor Company Name Manufacturer of HVAC (heating, ventilating and air conditioning) systems Dates Employed 2007 – 2007 Employment Duration less than a year Location Connecticut -Researched, collected, and analyzed companies and market data for competitive intelligence.-Identified and monitored key competitors and market events.-Created reports for internal stakeholders.• Reduced turnaround time by providing personal translation of foreign information sources. Volunteer / Intern Company Name A department of the US government Dates Employed 2006 – 2006 Employment Duration less than a year Location Overseas location -Completed various market studies by researching and collecting information on various products.-Researched distributors, retailers, and importers to help US companies sell their products overseas.-Participated in various trade shows to promote American companies and products.• Reduced production time and expenses by personally creating marketing materials. Junior Photo Researcher Company Name Children's publishing, education and media company Dates Employed 2001 – 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Connecticut -Researched and purchased photographs and artworks for the illustration of several publications.-Negotiated licenses and pricing for the use of intellectual property in various forms of media.• Saved over $25,000 with the use of free photographs and images. Education Graduate Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Communication Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 Volunteer Experience Volunteer / Intern Company Name A department of the US government Dates volunteered 2006 – 2006 Volunteer duration less than a year -Completed various market studies by researching and collecting information on various products.-Researched distributors, retailers, and importers to help US companies sell their products overseas.-Participated in various trade shows to promote American companies and products.• Reduced production time and expenses by personally creating marketing materials. Featured Skills & Endorsements Marketing Marketing No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Market Research Market Research No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Primary and secondary research Primary and secondary research No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Market Data has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Pulse 1,535,139 followers
More Actions Tim has a account Tim Hennigar Self-employed Self-employed University of Toronto Ontario, Canada 99 99 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Self employed Company Name Self-employed Dates Employed Apr 2001 – Present Employment Duration 16 yrs 2 mos Independent data analyst Senior Data Analyst Company Name Ipsos Reid Dates Employed 1995 – 2001 Employment Duration 6 yrs Education University of Toronto Degree Name M.I.R. Field Of Study Industrial Relations, Economics, Math Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 York University - Glendon College Degree Name Hons Spec Economics Field Of Study Economics, Math Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1989 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 7 endorsements for Data Analysis 7 Data Analysis Galia Krasteva and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Quantitative Research See 5 endorsements for Quantitative Research 5 Quantitative Research Homayoun Baybourdy and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SPSS See 4 endorsements for SPSS 4 SPSS Craig Worden and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Tracey Maxwell at Clarington Hyundai December 22, 2012, Tim was a client of Tracey’s Tracey, and everyone at Clarington Hyundai, made the purchase of my vehicle (and continued service) a pleasure. I expect to be back in the future for my next purchase. Accomplishments Interests SPSS Power Users 11,460 members TAM 348,311 followers Machine Learning and Data Science 60,865 members Next Gen Market Research (NGMR) - The Best MR Networking Group on the Web! 42,033 members Data Science Central 291,504 members Advanced Analytics 28,523 members See all See all following
More Actions Darlene has a account Darlene Metallo - Iannucci Sr. Clinical Data Analyst/Manager International Life Sciences Research Corporation Muhlenburg hospital School of Nursing/Union County College Greater Philadelphia Area 375 375 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I have 17 years of extensive experience within Clinical Data Management, RAVE, InForm, Oracle Clinical RDC & SAS.The clinical data manager plays a key role in the setup and conduct of a clinical trial. The data collected during a clinical trial forms the basis of subsequent safety and efficacy analysis which in turn drive decision making on product development in the pharmaceutical, research hospitals, governmental organizations, private companies and research universities industry. The data manager must be knowledgeable and maintain compliance of SOPs, FDA regulations, Regulatory compliance and ICH GCPs. The clinical data manager is involved in early discussions about data collection options and then oversees development of data collection tools based on the clinical trial protocol. Once subject enrollment begins, the clinical data manager ensures that data is collected, validated, complete and consistent. The clinical data manager liaise with other data providers (e.g. a central laboratory processing blood samples collected) and ensures that such data is transmitted securely and is consistent with other data collected in the clinical trial. At the completion of the clinical trial, the clinical data manager ensures that all data expected to be captured has been accounted for and that all data management activities are complete. At this stage, the data is declared final and the clinical data manager transfers data for statistical analysis. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Clinical Data Analyst/Data Management Leader Company Name International Life Sciences Research Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Home Based in NJ Provide leadership to ensure the project or program is completed within budget, schedule and according to contract specifications. Ensure the project/program is progressing according to quality standards, SOPs, ICH and/or other guidelines to fulfill regulations (including oversight and maintenance of relevant data operations project documentation).•Thorough knowledge of numerous EDC systems ( DataLabs, InForm, Rave.) •Thorough knowledge of the eClinical suite and additional tools and systems that can be integrated with a particular EDC system ( MyTrials, IVRS etc ) and Reporting functionality within the EDC system ) •Thorough knowledge of all DB set- up activities including but not limited to Database Configuration Specifications, Data Validation Specification, Protocol Deviation Specification, Data Cleaning Specification, SAE Reconciliation, UAT (User acceptance testing) creation of test data, offline listings, post Go-live Database changes. •Thorough knowledge of all activities during Study Maintenance and Database Lock. Review of metrics to determine risks and risk mitigation plans as required •Effectively communicate to and manage internal project teams, external customers and third party vendors. Hold team meetings on a regular basis. Participate in client, investigator and team meetings. •Effectively manage contracted project delivery. Highlight issues/risks to delivery and mitigate risks, developing contingency plans for the project (or providing input to PL). Accountable for quality control of project deliverables and timely delivery of projects. •Manage appropriate project level resourcing of staff and staff assignments. •Ensure clinical data entered into management systems is accurate and updated on a regular basis. •Participate in cross functional meetings, participate in Business Development and BID Defense meetings. •Prepare, participate in and follow up on audits/inspections. Clinical Data Coordinator Company Name Clinical Research Management, Inc. (ClinicalRM) Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Home Based Military and Government medical research (Army, Navy, NIH clinical research)Knowledgeable and maintains compliance of SOPs, FDA regulations, Regulatory compliance and ICH GCPs. Provide Clinical data management support to Clinical Operations team and/or study project, Clinical Data Management team and Biostatistics team. Participates in the review of Clinical research documents (e.g., Protocols, Case Report Forms, Reports and Statistical analysis)Develops Data Management Plan (DMP), maintains DMP throughout lifecycle of study project and ensures DMP is followed according to study design and requirements. Develop Case Report Form (CRF), electronic and/or paper. Develop database (DB) clinical trial data specifications, including eCRF design, user requirements, edit rules/checks, query logic and data validations. Develops Data Transfer Agreement(s) (DTAs) between external data vendors and/or core labs. Reconcile electronic data transfers from vendor to Sponsor. Develop test scripts and execution logs for User Acceptance Testing (UAT). Participate in data study audits.Abstracts and codes designated information from source material according to predetermined medical coding system; researches lost or missing information in accordance with established procedures, when required. Ensures that all required study data is collected and appropriately documented. Communicates with the Data Management team, site coordinators, core labs, and other relevant departments regarding data cleanliness, tracking, and issues/trends.Runs reports, tracks data, and locks clean records as appropriate.Participates in data remediation activities including but not limited to: training, data validation, and quality assurance as requested.Provides technical assistance to ClinicalRM Headquarters as needed and participates on proposal writing projects when requested. Provides back-up support to other Data Managers. Clinical Data Manager - Contract at Celgene Company Name Clark Davis Associates Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Perform data review and query generation Define edit checks to be programmed for the study/projectReview programmed edit checks Track study progress and issue periodic status reportsUpdate the database to correct errorsCode Case Report Form (CRF) verbatim terms using PharmaNet or sponsor-supplied dictionariesProcess electronic data received from outside vendors Identify the achievement of milestones to the project team or Lead Data Analyst, e.g., database status as "draft" or "final" Participate in the completion of all quality control measures necessary for the finalization and transfer of the database and related materials to the sponsorAct as the Lead Data Analyst for assigned studies or projectsCoordinate the work of Associate Data Analysts assigned to the projectProvide training on data management procedures and systems Create the data management plan for the study/project Assist in the review of the database designDevelop and design CRFs, or participate in the review of sponsor-generated CRFs Clinical Data Analyst - Contract at PharmaNet Company Name PharmaNet Resource Solutions Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Perform data review and query generation Define edit checks to be programmed for the study/projectReview programmed edit checks Track study progress and issue periodic status reportsUpdate the database to correct errorsCode Case Report Form (CRF) verbatim terms using PharmaNet or sponsor-supplied dictionariesProcess electronic data received from outside vendors Identify the achievement of milestones to the project team or Lead Data Analyst, e.g., database status as "draft" or "final" Participate in the completion of all quality control measures necessary for the finalization and transfer of the database and related materials to the sponsorAct as the Lead Data Analyst for assigned studies or projectsCoordinate the work of Associate Data Analysts assigned to the projectProvide training on data management procedures and systems Create the data management plan for the study/project Assist in the review of the database designDevelop and design CRFs, or participate in the review of sponsor-generated CRFs Clinical Study Nurse / Research Coordinator Company Name Physican Research Center Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Work under the direct supervision of a physician investigator. Responsible for organizing all aspects of a medical/pharmaceutical research project and acts as point person for the clinical site, overseeing all operational responsibilities, Recruiting participants, collecting research data, work with patients, perform study assessments and administering drugs Ensure regulatory compliance See more positions Education Muhlenburg hospital School of Nursing/Union County College Field Of Study Clinical Nursing Ocean County College/Kean University Field Of Study Psychology Featured Skills & Endorsements Clinical Data Management See 14 endorsements for Clinical Data Management 14 Clinical Data Management Gangjian Fu and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Clinical Trials See 13 endorsements for Clinical Trials 13 Clinical Trials Endorsed by 2 of Darlene’s colleagues at Covance Click and drag to reorder skills Data Management See 10 endorsements for Data Management 10 Data Management Gangjian Fu and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Lisa Marie Sinou Senior Recruiter at Comrise October 14, 2011, Lisa Marie was a client of Darlene’s Darlene, is a very dependable employee who is willing to do what is needed to get the job done. She is very detail oriented and precise in her work. I would hire her again if given the opportunity. liuba petraviciene Liuba,s Cleaning services .Eatontown NJ.Indusry 14 year. July 9, 2012, liuba was a client of Darlene’s Liuba is a business partner of mine working with Stream Energy. If you want to lower your energy bill or learn how to make extra income please contact Liuba! Darlene Accomplishments Interests CDISC 10,437 members Society for Clinical Data Management 3,063 followers Society for Clinical Data Management (SCDM) 9,645 members Clinical Jobs In Biotech and Pharmaceuticals 3,096 members Pulse 1,535,139 followers Electronic Data Capture - Clinical Trials 13,054 members See all See all following
More Actions Mira has a account Mira Howard Operations at Wrapped Wrapped Pomona College El Segundo, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Operations Company Name Wrapped Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Venice, California Marketing Manager Company Name PaidYET Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location El Segundo, CA I have the privilege of working with a close knit and highly agile team on marketing strategy formation and implementation for the exciting and necessary start-up PaidYET. At PaidYET, I head up development of virtually all marketing content, with an emphasis on inbound marketing. Coordinating across departments to bring everything from social media and blog posts to content rich pages to life, creativity and independence are traits which help me accomplish what I want to accomplish for PaidYET. - Oversee the marketing strategy design and implementation - Create, edit, and publish written content for PaidYET's blog, social media, email campaigns, and other marketing channels-Design graphic content for PaidYET's blog, social media, email campaigns, and other marketing channels - Drive growth through collaboration with partners, merchants, and users Data Analyst-Marketing Company Name Laserfiche Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Using Tableau, excel, and R-Studio to analyze customer/company data, I work on projects, both independently and collaboratively, that serve to inform marketing and sales on future business decisions. As a Data Analyst, I work closely with a dynamic and integrative vertical marketing team to address their data-driven questions and/or needs. Our marketing team uses agile project management techniques and an open desk office layout to maximize and synchronize team problem-solving capabilities. Head Lifeguard Company Name Pomona College Dates Employed Sep 2010 – May 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos As head life guard I have trained life guards and lead meetings to ensure pools are safe, smooth running environments. I have also done some human resource management of lifeguard force, including allocation of hours and salary. Finally, I have helped to interface student desires with administration to maximize pool utility whilst maintaining CPR certification and training Management Intern Company Name Comfort Suites Farmington Dates Employed May 2013 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos As a management intern, I basically worked very hard on a wide variety of projects. From directing a crew of ten men to set up interior of new hotel under intense time constraints, to developing a new incentive program for hotel employees to increase guest ratings, to facilitating an increase in start-up occupancy from 14% occupancy (on average) to 60%, my tasks were wide and varied. I also managed and advertised our opening-publicity event with over fifty guests, including members from the Chamber of Commerce, as well as coordinated with competitors to maximize total profits. See more positions Education Pomona College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Physics and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Music Mentors of Pomona Valley, Debate Team As a student at Pomona College, I work both independently and collaboratively with fellow students to maximize learning capabilities without the negative, competitive environment often found at similar institutions. As a physics major, I challenge myself mathematically and creatively, while as an economics major I learn how to think analytically and critically. The two subjects, while seemingly unrelated, actually complement each other very well, and there hasn't been a semester where the subject learned in one class didn't apply to the subject in at least one other class. Marist High School Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: National Honors Society, Petanque Team, Choir, Senior Class President, Piano Volunteer Experience Co-President and Piano Instructor Company Name Uncommon Good Dates volunteered Sep 2011 – May 2014 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 9 mos Cause Children Piano Instructor (9/11-5/14)Prepare lesson plans for and instruct underprivileged middle school student in weekly piano lessons.Co-President (9/13-5/14)Match mentors with students. Ensure the appropriate students are equipped with the necessary books, instruments, and materials to succeed. Coordinate final recital showcasing the amazing progress the mentor-mentee teams made. Volunteer Gardener Company Name Grassroots Community Garden in Eugene Dates volunteered Feb 2008 – Feb 2008 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Poverty Alleviation Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 22 endorsements for Microsoft Office 22 Microsoft Office Endorsed by 9 of Mira’s colleagues at Pomona College Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 17 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 17 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 5 of Mira’s colleagues at Pomona College Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 16 endorsements for Public Speaking 16 Public Speaking Endorsed by Marjorie Woollacott, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mira’s colleagues at Pomona College Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Rodrigo De Leon Economics Mentor | Future Educator July 21, 2016, Mira managed Rodrigo directly Rodrigo was an excellent addition to our team during his time interning at PaidYET. In addition to always being punctual, hardworking, and passionate, Rodrigo was a pleasure to work with on a personal level, and demonstrated a heightened set of social skills. His professional conduct paired with his work ethic contributed to PaidYET's success in finding new leads to target for potential partnerships and customers. Anyone would be lucky to have Rodrigo on their team. His social skills, intelligence, and hard working spirit would be an asset to any team! Accomplishments Mira has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Italian Spanish Mira has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Executive Spotlight Despite Explosion in Payments Innovation, Paper, Check and Telephone still Widely Used to Accept Payments Mira has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Writing Sample (from thesis) Interests Sophia AmorusoSophia Amoruso is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at & CEO at Girlboss Media 73,638 followers Jumpcut, Inc. 554 followers Data Visualisation 1,048 members Food Truck Technology 284 members Catering Academy 2,495 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,180,850 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Decuir Software Engineer at Granicus Granicus Western Washington University Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A Software Engineer with 8+ years experience solving technical problems in a fast paced, collaborative environment. Matt’s data analysis background, technical aptitudes and attention to detail make him an exceptional fit as a software engineer.Top 5 Strengths Finder Themes:1) Positivity2) Activator3) Strategic4) Command5) Includer See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Software Engineer Company Name Granicus Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Software Engineer/Data Analyst Company Name Kidizen Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area A hybrid role, split between software engineering, data analysis and product management• Developed dashboards and analysis to monitor key metrics, pitch investors, and inform strategic business decisions• Designed and implemented new features to improve payment platform, accounting system and admin panel• Investigated, diagnosed and resolved support issues to improve overall end-user experience• Contributed to code quality through test-driven development, bug fixes, and other minor improvements Co-Founder & CEO Company Name OMG Transit Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area • Owned product from ideation to delivery, launching mobile and web apps regionally on a shoe-string budget• Led 6-person team of developers, designers and analysts in an iterative development environment• Represented the voice of the customer, through constant communication with users and frequent usability tests• Created award winning product, including merits from: The White House, The Minnesota Cup, Intel and Beta.MN Media (1) This position has 1 media Interview with OMG Transit's Matt Decuir on Greater MSP Business Interview with OMG Transit's Matt Decuir on Greater MSP Business This media is a video Freelance Consultant Company Name Experimatt LLC Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area • Product Management: Collaborated with engineers and stakeholders to define requirements, set appropriate expectations and ensure delivery of new product features and enhancements; Client: Software for Good• Data Analysis: Developed marketing dashboards and eliminated 32 hours of monthly reporting time for clients including Nina Hale, Kidizen, Arby’s, YMCA, Land O’ Lakes and Honeywell Chief Traveler Company Name Sabbatical Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos • Obtained global perspective of the world through solo backpacking trip across 12 European countries• Continuing education in computer science, software development and data science Media (2) This position has 2 media Matt Decuir - Why you should quit your job Matt Decuir - Why you should quit your job This media is a video Creative Entrepreneurship: Making the World Suck Less Creative Entrepreneurship: Making the World Suck Less This media is a video See more positions Education Western Washington University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Business Administration: Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Web Management CertificateCum Laude Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 35 endorsements for Business Intelligence 35 Business Intelligence Endorsed by 10 of Matt’s colleagues at Allrecipes.com Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 31 endorsements for Analytics 31 Analytics Endorsed by Lizzy Foo Kune, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Matt’s colleagues at OMG Transit Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 23 endorsements for SQL 23 SQL Endorsed by 7 of Matt’s colleagues at Allrecipes.com Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (10) Given (12) Shane Ewert Software Engineer with a passion for UX. Doer not a talker. Builds it faster. June 17, 2016, Matt worked with Shane in the same group I've worked with Matt at Kidizen since May of 2015. Matt is a sharp data analyst with an exceptional eye for detail and a penchant for digging deep to troubleshoot the root cause of problems. He recently took it upon himself to learn how to code with the goal of transitioning into a software developer. Although Matt has not yet written a lot of code, I can attest to the high quality of the code he has written thus far. Matt has always taken the time to do the research and ask the questions to ensure that he is doing the right thing. As a result, the code he has produced is both carefully thought out and well-designed. Due to his natural curiosity, incredible analytical and investigative skills, and strong desire to produce high quality work, I firmly believe that under the right mentorship Matt will quickly become a top developer. Jason Kadrmas Research Development Services Manager December 1, 2014, Matt worked with Jason in the same group I have had the privilege of working with Matt on OMG Transit where he served as CEO. Matt is one of those rare individuals that can rally a community around an idea, map out a clear product vision and then execute. His obsession with the user experience and attention to detail helped us create a truly unique product that resonates with our users. Beyond his skills as a product manager, Matt is an all around great guy. His positive attitude is infectious to those around him and I am glad to know him not only as a colleague but also as a friend. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Christian Schmeichel Software Engineer and passionate Ruby on Rails developer July 11, 2016, Matt worked with Christian in different groups Christian is a talented software engineer and an absolutely joy to work with. He and I worked together at Kidizen for a little over a year, where he was a critical member of the dev team, developing new features, diagnosing and fixing bugs, and contributing his technical perspective to our strategic product decisions. And as an added bonus, he always had an overwhelmingly positive attitude and a smile on his face, which was much appreciated. I really enjoyed working with Christian, and would highly recommend him if you're looking for software engineering help. Tom Johnson Marketing Director, Fresh Bar August 7, 2014, Matt worked with Tom but at different companies Tom is one of the most creative people I know. For one, he's hilarious. If you read some of his stories on Stubble Mag, you'll see that his writing is witty, concise and to the point.For two, he's a do-er. He's got great ideas and he makes them happen. Directing The Road to Catan, a documentary about one man's struggle to make it to the Settlers of Catan world championships? No problem. Producing a short intro video about OMG Transit? Easy. You get the point - Tom's doesn't just sit on the sidelines, he takes action.For three, he's analytical. He's a rare breed, in that, he can make sense of large amounts of data, and can communicate the most important highlights in a clear and concise way.If I could invest in anyone, I'd invest in Tom, in a heartbeat. He's got so much potential, and if his work on Stubble and OngJoh is a taste of what's to come, I expect even bigger things in the future. If I had the option, I'd hire him in a heartbeat. View 10 more recommendations View 10 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Matt has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 3rd Place, High Tech Division (OMG Transit) Finalist (OMG Transit) Participant (OMG Transit) "Best Startup" (OMG Transit) Champions of Change Commendation (OMG Transit) Matt has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Introduction to Data Science Matt has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Break the Bubble Matt has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication How do Business Analysts use Excel Interests Western Washington University 73,681 followers Granicus 3,188 followers GovDelivery 6,788 followers Software for Good 387 followers Western Washington University 75,559 followers Pollen 9,017 members See all See all following
More Actions Jenny has a account Jenny Liu Business Intelligenct Analyst / Data Analyst at Calgary Laboratory Services Calgary Laboratory Services Southern Alberta Institute of Technology / SAIT Calgary, Alberta, Canada 91 91 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I provide data solutions. I currently work as a Business Intelligence / Data Analyst on the Laboratory Provincial Data Team in the Process Excellence group of Calgary Laboratory Services (CLS). I previously worked as an Analyst at Alberta Health Services. As a data analyst, I interact with stakeholders, perform business analysis, extract data through PL/SQL querying, and create reports to measure provincial performance metrics. As a business intelligence analyst, I translate business rules and create technical solutions for a database warehouse using the Informatica PowerCenter toolset and Oracle SQL Developer.My current positions connects well to my educational background. I graduated with Masters of Science degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, and a Bachelor of Health Sciences degree from McMaster University. I am knowledgeable in data and statistical analysis. I earned a certificate in Business intelligence for providing database warehousing and business intelligence solutions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Intelligenct Analyst / Data Analyst Company Name Calgary Laboratory Services Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos •Translate business rules and create technical solutions for a database warehouse using Informatica PowerCenter toolset and Oracle SQL Developer Analyst Company Name Alberta Health Services Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Calgary, Canada Area Data Analyst Company Name Calgary Laboratory Services Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Calgary, Canada Area •Managed performance metrics by gathering requirements, extracting data using PL/SQL queries, and creating visualizations. •Manipulated data structures, performed meaningful analyses, and analyzed information for trends in large relational data sets. •Skilled in business intelligence tools (Oracle) and familiar with Lab Systems (Millennium, Sunquest, Meditech).•Developed data flow diagrams with subject matter experts (SMEs) and communicated data extract specifications to Business Intelligence (BI) developers.•Facilitated meetings between SMEs and BI developers to ensure data warehouse will fulfill stakeholders’ reporting needs. •Gathered business rules, facilitated discussion to translate business rules into basic Extract Transform Load (ETL) mappings, and trained in Informatica PowerCenter. Business Intelligence (Analytics and Reporting) Certificate Company Name SAIT Dates Employed May 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos •Hands-on learning of T-SQL querying, database administration, business analysis, data warehouse architecture and design, extract-transform-load (ETL) processes, online analytical processes (OLAP), reporting tools, and visualization applications. Investigator and Research Associate (Graduate Student) Company Name Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behavior, University of Wisconsin-Madison Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Madison, WI •Designed a psychology (clinical, affective, social, cognitive) meditation project coded in Python.•Presented at analysis meetings and incorporating group feedback.•Modified Python scripts to present psychological stimulus, and worked with development team.•Matched experimental design with appropriate statistical analyses.•Processed functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) brain data on a UNIX platform.•Performed data quality checks and managed data. •Supervised undergraduate students, and wrote ethics protocols. See more positions Education Southern Alberta Institute of Technology / SAIT Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Business Intelligence (Data Analysis and Reporting) Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Psychology, Psychophysiology & Neuroscience Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Activities and Societies: University Fellowship McMaster University Degree Name Bachelor of Health Sciences (Honors) Field Of Study Minor in Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: McMaster Honor Award Skills Research Design Research Design Click and drag to reorder skills Research Analysis Research Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills ANOVA ANOVA Click and drag to reorder skills Linear Regression Linear Regression Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jenny has 17 courses 17 Expand courses section Courses Applied Business Intelligence Project Architecture and Design Business Analysis for B.I. Applications Design & Statistics Psychology Design and Analysis: General Linear Model ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) Health Interventions (Epidemiology & Clinical Trials) Health Systems & Health Policy Intro to Clinical Assessment (Intelligence, Learning, and Personality tests) Introduction to Data Management Jenny has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Alberta Health Services 51,207 followers HR & Psychometrics 92,071 members Southern Alberta Institute of Technology (SAIT) 90,735 followers Infosys 908,879 followers Market Research and Cognitive Neuroscience 11,098 members Bow Valley Toastmasters 11 members See all See all following
More Actions Data has a account Data Analyst Data Analyst Nigeria 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,139 followers
More Actions Perez Charles - has a account Perez Charles - Associate Professor - Data Analyst Associate Professor at PSB Paris School of Business & CEO of Profilyser - Digital social network analyst Profilyser University of Technology of Troyes Paris Area, France 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Charles holds a B.S. , M.S. and PhD in Computer Science. He is now an associate professor at Paris School of Business. He has 5 years of research experience on social media analysis. He has the conviction that scientific research can enhance business application by bridging the gap between physical and digital world. For this reason he founded cyber-physical search engine - Profilyser.Specialties: Computer science, Social Network Analysis See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Perez Charles -’s Articles 1,064 followers The Digital Information Supply Chain for Social Media Data Special issue call for papers from Information Discovery and Delivery Perez Charles - Associate Professor - Data Analyst on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 19, 2017 See 2 more articles Pinfluence available on App store! Perez Charles - Associate Professor - Data Analyst on LinkedIn Publish dateNovember 2, 2016 Experience CEO Company Name Profilyser Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Troyes Area, France Profilyser is a web-based solution that analyses social media activity, measures and visualises key influence areas by geographical location and also identifies key players. By using our search engine tool customers can input keywords and timeframes and then will receive a visual representation of hotspots and related key influencers. We bridge the gap between the physical and digital worlds.In a few words: Profilyser connects the who, the what and the where.Ask for a demo access at www.profilyser.com/contact Media (1) This position has 1 media Profilyser Teaser Profilyser Teaser This media is a video Entrepreneur Company Name Charles Perez Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Troyes Ingénieur, Docteur en informatique, je vous propose services et formations dans les disciplines suivantes : Bureautique, Système et réseaux, développement, bases de données, etc.*************************Formations proposées***************************BUREAUTIQUE Initiation à l'informatiqueInstallation de WindowsInternet bases & perfectionnementManipuler l'iPhoneGoogle driveUsage d'un réseau social (Facebook, Twitter, Viadéo, LinkedIn, etc.)Microsoft Excel (Base, intermédiaire, perfectionnement et avancé)Microsoft Excel : les macros et base de VBA Microsoft Word (Base, intermédiaire, perfectionnement et avancé)Microsoft Powerpoint (Base, intermédiaire, perfectionnement et avancé) SYSTEME ET RESEAUX Linux UnixShell Script DÉVELOPPEMENT LOGICIEL UML Design patternGestion de projet : Agile scrumProgrammation JavaProgrammation java avec design patternsDéveloppement de pages WEB avec HTML CSSXMLLanguage CLanguage PythonXcode et développement d'application pour iOS BASES DE DONNÉES Language SQLBases de données relationnelles Associate Professor Company Name PSB Paris School of Business Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Paris Teaching the following courses : COMPUTER FOR BUSINESSBIG DATA & WEB INTELLIGENCE AGILE PROJECT MANAGEMENTMANAGEMENT OF INFORMATION SYSTEMS DIGITAL TECHNOLOGIES & MEDIAS TRANSFORMATIONSSOCIAL NETWORK ANALYSISOBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMINGPRODUCTIVITY TOOLS FOR BUSINESS PhD in Computer Science Company Name University of Technology of Troyes Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Troyes A behaviour-based approach to protecting mobile social network usersOur society is facing many changes in the way it communicates. The emergence of mobile terminals alongside digital social networks allows information to be shared from almost anywhere with the option of all parties being connected simultaneously. The growing use of smartphones and digital social networks in a professional context presents an opportunity, but it also exposes businesses and users to many threats, such as leakage of sensitive information, spamming, illegal access to personal data, etc.Although a significant increase in malicious activities on social platforms can be observed, currently there is no solution that ensures a completely controlled usage of digital social networks. This work aims to make a major contribution in this area through the implementation of a methodology (SPOTLIGHT) that not only uses the behaviour of profiles for evaluation purposes, but also to protect the user. This methodology relies on the assumption that smartphones, which are closely related to their owners, store and memorise traces of activity (interactions) that can be used to better protect the user online.This approach is implemented in a mobile prototype called SPOTLIGHT 1.0, which analyses traces stored in users’ smartphone to help them make the right decisions to protect their data Media (1) This position has 1 media Approche comportementale pour la sécurisation des utilisateurs de réseaux sociaux numériques mobiles Approche comportementale pour la sécurisation des utilisateurs de réseaux sociaux numériques mobiles This media is a link IEEE student member Company Name IEEE Dates Employed 2012 – 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education University of Technology of Troyes Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 The main contribution of this work is the SPOTLIGHT methodology that integrates not only behavior of profiles to analyze but also the behavior of the user to secure. The main assumption is that smartphones, that are tightly related to their owners, store and memorize traces of interactions that can be used to perform smart security. This approach is implemented in a mobile prototype called SPOTLIGHT 1.0 that analyzes interactions stored on users' smartphones to help them make appropriate decisions and protect their data. University of Technology of Troyes Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Management in security Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Master IMSGA Media (1) This position has 1 media Université de technologie de Troyes Université de technologie de Troyes This media is a link Ecole supérieure d'Informatique, Electronique et Automatique Degree Name Engineer's degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Computer science & Electronics Featured Skills & Endorsements Java See 19 endorsements for Java 19 Java Endorsed by Łukasz Augustyniak, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Perez Charles -’s colleagues at PSB Paris School of Business Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Science See 18 endorsements for Computer Science 18 Computer Science Endorsed by Łukasz Augustyniak, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Perez Charles -’s colleagues at PSB Paris School of Business Click and drag to reorder skills Programming See 12 endorsements for Programming 12 Programming Endorsed by 2 of Perez Charles -’s colleagues at PSB Paris School of Business Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Perez Charles - has 11 publications 11 Expand publications section Publications Android Application Classification and Anomaly Detection with Graph-based Permission Patterns Analysing Human Migrations Patterns Using Digital Social Network Analysis Android Application Classification and Anomaly Detection with Graph-based Permission Patterns Book chapter: Graph Creation and Analysis for Linking Actors : Application to social data Privacy Threats from Social Networking Service Aggregators A smartphone-based online social network trust evaluation system A dynamic approach to detecting suspicious profiles on social platforms The Multi-layer imbrication for data leakage prevention from ubiquitous devices. Multi-layer crisis mapping: a social media based approach SPOT 1.0: Scoring Suspicious Profiles On Twitter Perez Charles - has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages English French Italian Russian Spanish Perez Charles - has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Certificate of publication Decision Support Systems Introduction to Data Science Social Network Analysis Perez Charles - has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Best Paper Award PATTERNS 2017 Certificate of publication Decision Support Systems Web Summit Alpha Perez Charles - has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations PATTERNS 2017 The Ninth International Conferences on Pervasive Patterns and Applications Profilyser Perez Charles - has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Pinfluence iOS Application Social Media Awards 2015 Interests Peoplestring 2,229 followers Chris FralicChris Fralic is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at First Round - Investing in Great Entrepreneurs in New York 124,235 followers Bill McDermottBill McDermott is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at SAP 175,578 followers CEO Advisors 21,148 followers Ronan DunneRonan Dunne is a LinkedIn Influencer EVP and Group President at Verizon Wireless 223,682 followers Lucien EngelenLucien Engelen is a LinkedIn Influencer Director REshape Center for Health(care) Innovation 686,986 followers See all See all following
More Actions solmaz has a account solmaz yeganeh mehr Data Analyst at Revenu Québec Revenu Québec Université de Montréal / University of Montreal Montreal, Quebec, Canada 241 241 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Revenu Québec Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Montreal, Canada Area Statistician Company Name Ministry of Youth and Sport of Ira Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location Tehran, Iran Statistical Analyst Company Name Cineré Naturel sience (Cosmetics) Company Dates Employed 2004 – 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr Education Université de Montréal / University of Montreal Degree Name Microprogram in Master's degree Field Of Study social statistics Ferdowsi University of Mashhad Degree Name Master Field Of Study Statistics mathematics Allameh Tabatabaee University Degree Name bachelor Field Of Study Statistics Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 19 endorsements for Statistics 19 Statistics Leonardo Mageste and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 19 endorsements for SAS 19 SAS Shagufta Khan and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SPSS See 18 endorsements for SPSS 18 SPSS Shagufta Khan and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments solmaz has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Persian solmaz has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Credit Risk Modeling (R) solmaz has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Practical Machine Learning Interests Intelligence d'affaires Région de Québec 1,333 members Data Science, Big Data, ML, AI, Analytics Professionals 25,091 members Marketing Analyst 22,096 members BBC News 2,270,671 followers Big Data|Machine Learning|Predictive Analytics|Data Mining|Prescriptive Analytics|Data Science 10,909 members Paul PolmanPaul Polman is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Unilever 515,541 followers See all See all following
More Actions Koushik has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Koushik Sekar Senior Data Analyst at Milliman Milliman University of Illinois at Chicago Greater San Diego Area 493 493 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Versatile data analyst skilled in research, analyzing different types of data and presenting quality insights.• Deep-rooted knowledge of common techniques and metrics used in the analysis of data, including data formats, related benchmarks and healthcare coding systems.• Fluent in data manipulation and analysis tools like SAS, SPSS, SQL, Excel, VBA, Access and R; Advanced SAS Certified.• Adept in data mining techniques like logistic regression, decision trees, clustering techniques etc., to discover underlying patterns.• Skillful in data visualization techniques using systems like Tableau.• Quality focused and a passionate problem solver with a keen perception for understanding business fundamentals. • Ability to thrive in fast paced environments. Strive to understand client needs and provide exceptional results. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name Milliman Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Greater San Diego Area • Applying advanced knowledge of the methodologies and technologies of analytics, data mining, data warehousing and statistical modeling to develop and maintain data preparation and validation routines to support the development, validation and implementation of dashboards, healthcare utilization reports to meet the healthcare data analysis needs of the company’s clients.• Consulting with end-users on data needs to develop and refine data analytics/reporting requirements; creating reports from multiple public and proprietary enterprise data warehouse systems to ensure successful delivery of data to end-users.• Developing routines to support the reporting of healthcare services usage, results, costs and outcomes; automating data loads and programs to drive efficiency, effectiveness and utility of data capture, retrieval, analysis and reporting.• Selecting, recommending and applying appropriate analytic and statistical methodologies to healthcare data and developing innovative customized templates and report formats.• Interfacing with clients/vendors on ETL processes and mapping data from disparate sources into standard data warehouse formats. Data Analyst Company Name MCG Health Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater San Diego Area • Applied advanced knowledge of the methodologies and technologies of data analytics, data mining, data modeling and relational database development, including use of the SAS software for the data management of healthcare administrative databases and medical coding systems.• Developed data preparation and validation routines to support the implementation of clinical guidelines, benchmarking and management of data warehouses, templates, dashboards and utilization reports to meet the analysis needs of the company's clients.• Assisted with the selection, recommendation and application of appropriate analytic and statistical methodologies as well as techniques to analyze healthcare data.• Developed innovative and customized templates and report formats for data reporting.• Interfaced with clients/vendors on ETL processes.• Provided website and search usage analysis to give insights into user behavior and provide visibility on ways to optimize services provided.• Created/automated reports, documented work flows in SalesForce, to make usage analysis visible to Account Managers. Data Analyst Intern Company Name CNA Insurance Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Downtown Chicago • Cooperated with IT experts and the Predictive Modeling group to help recondition the existing Workers Comp. Underwriting system.• Involved in translation of the policy pricing recommendation engine’s code from Java/Oracle stored procedures to SAS macros; Collaborated with the team to identify and implement improvement strategies.• Tested the results of the newly developed SAS code on Workers Comp. claims data, against the results from the Java/Oracle stored procedures code; reported back on the success rate.• Created implementation reports for management; for further development of the newly designed system. Graduate Assistant - Systems Analyst Company Name University of Illinois at Chicago Dates Employed Aug 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Downtown Chicago • Supported the University’s Admission data systems by providing Network and Desktop assistance covering 200+ PC’s and Mac’s.• Collected and analyzed client feedback and developed reports for measuring the performance of the quality of service provided, using SQL Server & advanced Excel features like Pivot tables and Charts.• Involved in developing strategies and KPI for improvement of service/networking performance and reducing hardware/maintenance costs. Intern Company Name Navistar Inc Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Warrenville - Collaborated with the CIO for devising IT Strategies for expansion. - Generated the ‘Strategic IT Plan’ report for the IT Directors to aid decision making focusing on ROI and profit margins. See more positions Education University of Illinois at Chicago Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Management Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: INFORMS student organization - VP of Marketing Anna University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Web Development Committee, College Orchestra, Symposium Organization Committee Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 24 endorsements for Data Analysis 24 Data Analysis Endorsed by Dinesh Jayapathy and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Koushik’s colleagues at Milliman Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 12 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 12 Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by 2 of Koushik’s colleagues at Milliman Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 10 endorsements for SQL 10 SQL Endorsed by Dinesh Jayapathy, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Tim Sheets Assistant Director of Operations at University of Illinois at Chicago June 14, 2011, Tim was senior to Koushik but didn’t manage directly Koushik is an extremely knowledgeable, intelligent, organized and hard working individual. He has consistantly exhibited professionalism when dealing with all OAR and UIC employess. Koushik's persistant dedication to OAR exemplifies many revered and cherrished qualities of higher education professionals. Koushik is a proven professional and possesses the necessary skills to excel in any position which he desires hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Koushik has 11 courses 11 Expand courses section Courses Applied Statistics and the SAS Programming Language Business Data Mining Business Statistics Database Management Systems Information Systems - Strategy and Decisions Mathematics - III Object Oriented Programming Probability and Statistics Professional Ethics in Engineering Project Management Koushik has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications R Programming The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Desktop I: Fundementals Desktop II: Intermediate SAS Certified Advanced Programmer SAS Certified Base Programmer Koushik has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization SAS users group Interests EPAM Systems 108,068 followers Job Openings for OPT/CPT Students - North America 78,419 members MCG Health 5,323 followers Milliman Consultants & Actuaries 1,675 members PwC 1,335,747 followers Anna University 318,547 followers See all See all following
More Actions Cristina has a account Cristina Radian Data Analyst Canara Inc. California State University-East Bay San Francisco Bay Area 416 416 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Passionate about applying Statistics to solve a variety of problems in different domains of activity.Over 10 years of experience in applying data analysis in insurance, healthcare, and biological and environmental research. Educational background includes Master degrees in Statistics and Biology, and Certificates in Bioinformatics and Programming.Excellent written and oral communication. Customer oriented with great attention to details and looking for results delivery.Team player who excels under pressure, and thrives in collaborative environments.Always looking for new challenges and to learn new skills.Specialties: Risk assessment, mathematical modeling, predictive analytics.Tools:1. Statistical programming: SAS, R, Minitab, SPSS, SQL;2. Operating systems: MS Windows, Unix/Linux;3. Programming languages and databases: Java, Perl, Python, SQL, MS Access;4. Others: MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint etc). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Canara Inc. Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Underwriter Company Name Delta Dental of California Dates Employed 2010 – 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area - performs data analysis (time series and predictive analytics) using Excel/SAS;- assesses the financial risk in order to develop appropriate rating decisions;- delivers on average over 50 analysis reports per month. Statistics Tutor Company Name CSU East Bay Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area - helped students (one-to-one or small groups) to understand specific concepts and theories- assisted students into developing techniques for solving problems and preparing for exams. Statistics Tutor and Computer Lab Assistant Company Name Foothill College Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area -met students in one-to-one coaching sessions;-provided students with guidance on using various computer packages and programming tools: Perl, Java, C++, Unix Shell. Senior Insurance Analyst Company Name Romanian Commercial Bank Insurance Services Dates Employed 2004 – 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Bucharest, Romania -assessed financial risk for life, property, car, liability, credit, travel, and cargo policies for both groups and individuals; -provided insurance rates recommendations based on risk policies and generated monthly reports for top management. See more positions Education California State University-East Bay Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Statistics Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Mathematics, Engineering & Science Achievement (MESA) 40th competition - judge 4.0 GPA Foothill College Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Bio-Informatics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Dean's List (2007, 2008), GPA 3.97 University of Bucharest Degree Name M.Sc. Field Of Study Biology, concentration in Ecology, Evolution, Systematics, and Population Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Activities and Societies: Biostatistics Circle - coached students See more education Volunteer Experience Scientific Counselor Company Name Focul Viu (Living Fire) Speological Association, Bucharest, Romania Dates volunteered Jan 1998 – May 2008 Volunteer duration 10 yrs 5 mos Cause Environment - developed field research projects in collaboration with the Speological Institute "Emil Racovita";- lead members in cave expeditions dedicated to biological research. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 17 endorsements for Data Analysis 17 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Cristina’s colleagues at Delta Dental Insurance Company Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 15 endorsements for SAS 15 SAS Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Cristina’s colleagues at Delta Dental Insurance Company Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 13 endorsements for Statistics 13 Statistics Endorsed by Linsong (Athena) Zhang, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Cristina’s colleagues at Delta Dental Insurance Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Dorris Wong Data Scientist at ADARA, Inc. April 24, 2014, Dorris worked with Cristina in different groups Cristina is a very competent and intelligent coworker. I've had the pleasure of working directly with her on multiple clients, and she has always been helpful and prompt. I highly recommend Cristina for any role. Katherine Ma Underwriter at Delta Dental of California March 3, 2014, Katherine was senior to Cristina but didn’t manage directly Cristina is a very analytical person. She is a fast learner and is someone who is not afraid to take challenges. She demonstrates that by always volunteering to work on large and complex cases. She is also a team player who would always offer help to other coworkers. I would recommend Cristina to any company. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Dorris Wong Data Scientist at ADARA, Inc. April 14, 2014, Cristina worked with Dorris in different groups Dorris is a sharp Actuarial Analyst, who is always willing to work with tight deadlines and non-standard data. She follows up and delivers her work as expected. Dorris is very sociable and a pleasure to work with. Accomplishments Cristina has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Romanian Cristina has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Programmer (Java, C/C++) ASA - 2 exams passed Interests Life Science Talk 28,052 members Illumina 90,953 followers Pulse 1,535,138 followers Allstate 147,545 followers Kaiser Permanente 322,470 followers Universitatea din București 59,747 followers See all See all following
More Actions Danica has a account Danica Nicor Senior Data Analyst at Optia Partners Optia Partners Ama Computer College NCR - National Capital Region, Philippines 199 199 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Danica’s Activity 196 followers There are 3 stages of life: (in general) 1st- you have all the time and energy but no money; (youth) 2nd- you have the money and energy but no time; (middle age) 3rd- you have all the time and money but no more energy. (senior years) But the biggest win of all is when we have lived our life to the full brimming with meaning and purpose. #PassionPurposeProductivity Danica liked Productivity sometimes lies in knowing when to stop planning and start doing. Danica liked Happy Labor Day! Danica liked 3 Essential Tips for Delivering Bad News Danica liked It Took Me Nearly 40 Years to Figure Out What I Want to Do with My Life Danica liked See all activity Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name Optia Partners Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Data Analyst Company Name Optia Partners Dates Employed May 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Data Technician Company Name SPi Global Dates Employed May 2010 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Carries out responsibilities involved in the conversion of content from print to electronic text File formats, such as HTML, SGML, XML, PDF, JPEG, TIFF, etc. Specific Functions • Studies, understands and applies all client specifications on the project.• Checks all incoming documents. • Segments/groups project content for load distribution and production scheduling and creates corresponding log file. • Performs identification and manipulation of electronic files that includes general content and images. • Validates integrity and completeness of electronic files, through proofreading and other processes. Education Ama Computer College Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 8 endorsements for Data Analysis 8 Data Analysis Mark Singer and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 6 endorsements for Data Mining 6 Data Mining Mark Singer and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Database Searching See 5 endorsements for Database Searching 5 Database Searching Mark Singer and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Conrad Leobrera Industrial Jobs in Japan June 23, 2014, Danica worked with Conrad in the same group Danica started with Optia as a contractual employee and, with her strong performance and positive attitude, eventually became a regular one. I've only been working with her for 8 months in the Manufacturing/Industrial team but I can say she is one of our team's assets. She has the willingness to accept new challenges with unfamiliar assignments, is very quick to learn, produces great results and is a wonderful team player. This year, she's been recognized as the Data Analyst of the month for 2 consecutive months because of her performance and has helped our team find really good candidates. I highly recommend her. Conrad Leobrera Industrial Jobs in Japan June 26, 2015, Conrad worked with Danica in the same group Conrad and I have been working together in the Industrial/Manufacturing recruitment team at Optia for almost 2 years. He is very dedicated to his work. He is a good team player who can take on the role of a leader and he's a good follower/team member as well. He never runs out of ideas about many things. During our meetings he usually comes up with sound suggestions and solution to issues at hand. He is always willing to reach out and share his thoughts to others. He has a positive outlook in life, sees the brighter side and has a lot of words of wisdom. His output and effective work habits got him promoted as a Consultant in a short period of time which also allowed him to move to our Tokyo HQ. During his stay at our Manila office, he was recognized as "Researcher of the Month" because of his performance and contributions. I highly recommend him. Accomplishments Danica has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Perfect Attendance 2016 I READ IT Awardee Data Analyst of the Year Interests Eastvantage 2,420 followers Careers: The Next Level 2,915,990 followers Best Advice 6,720,110 followers Optia Partners 1,601 followers Company Culture 2,199,619 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,341,110 followers See all See all following
More Actions Franca has a account Franca Romano Master Data Analyst at Johnson & Johnson Johnson & Johnson Concordia University Toronto, Canada Area 196 196 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Supply Chain & Logistics Operations Analyst Company Name Johnson & Johnson Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 4 mos Material Master Coordinator Company Name J&J Canada Dates Employed 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Customer Service Data Analyst Company Name Pfizer Consumer Healthcare Dates Employed 2003 – 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs Customer Service Business Analyst Company Name Pfizer Dates Employed 1997 – 2007 Employment Duration 10 yrs Education Concordia University Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Process Improvement See 11 endorsements for Process Improvement 11 Process Improvement Xavier Alberini and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Logistics See 9 endorsements for Logistics 9 Logistics M P and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAP See 5 endorsements for SAP 5 SAP Charles Novak and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Salim Panjwani Sr. IT Consultant (MDM & Analytics) at Canada Bread Company, Limited August 1, 2007, Franca worked with Salim in different groups I worked with Salim on projects including Customer Service Scorecard, Real-Time Pending Cube Reports, and PowerPlay report templates. He understood the importance of getting the requirements right to meet the customer needs. His exceptional customer focus provided my department with timely and accurate reporting and tools that helped improve our relationships with our customers. Accomplishments Interests Johnson & Johnson 1,394,129 followers Concordia University 185,161 followers Pulse 1,535,138 followers Concordia University 174,918 followers
More Actions Molly has a account Molly ODwyer Data Analyst Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Durham, North Carolina 143 143 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data analyst looking for opportunities to increase my data skills and develop reporting skills.Core Qualifications:* Microsoft SQL Server database skills including queries, function and spatial functions* Excel functions/formulas* Experience with many data aspects: sourcing, ETL, data analysis, documentation/metadata* Strong attention to detail* Excellent troubleshooting/problem solving skills* Ability to build positive relationships with internal and external clients* Works well in teams and independently in person or remotely* Content management skills for CONTENTdm, Drupal, and Sharepoint* Previous coding experience with all aspects of development from back-end development to UI using HTML, CSS, jQuery, Python, Java See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Integration Analyst Company Name Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Durham, North Carolina Data Researcher Company Name Ringgold Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Utilize web database to edit existing records and add additional facet values based on internet researchContributed facet rubric to researcher documentation for all catalogers to reference Data Analyst Company Name AWhere, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Durham, NC Wrote SQL Server stored procedures to update tables, including basic error handling, temp tables and looping; reduced boundary update times from 1 month to a week for entire process lifecycle;Profiled incoming data sources and performed ETL on data as needed using Excel and SQL;Analyzed data for quality across sources using SQL;Wrote SQL code and queries for development, QA and production environments using joins, unions and temp tables;Created department SharePoint sites and managed permissions for each site; designed and created visuals consistent with new branding;Hired full time after completing internship where I worked directly with all aspects of data cycle integration: extracted, transformed, loaded and QA’d data; troubleshoot any errors with loading data using a custom built loader; trained new employees on metadata and QA workflows Digitization Intern Company Name Campbell University Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Buies Creek, NC Created metadata at the page and collection level for all digitized contentDesigned front-end pages in Drupal for online access to collection using HTML, CSS and jQueryDeveloped scanning and image processing workflow and best practices for digitization of documentswww.lib.campbell.edu/digitalcollections IT Intern Company Name Orange County Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Developed exploratory report on content management systems for reference by the countyCreated best practices document for the county database indexing projectResearched email archiving vendors and made recommendation to County Attorney and CIO See more positions Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Information Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 The University of New Mexico Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study History Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Studied history and anthropology; studied British history and archaeology at University of Exeter for 1 year during this time Volunteer Experience Archive Intern Company Name Casa San Isidro Dates volunteered Aug 2006 – Dec 2006 Volunteer duration 5 mos Cause Arts and Culture Pianist, Counselor, teacher Company Name The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Dates volunteered 2001 – Present Volunteer duration 16 yrs Over the years I have been:Pianist for children's sunday school, sacrament meeting, church choirsCounselor of the women's organization, managed teachersTeacher of 6-7 year oldsFacilitator of events for single adultsOrganizer of community and church collaborative events Featured Skills & Endorsements Databases See 7 endorsements for Databases 7 Databases Laura Duncan and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CSS See 5 endorsements for CSS 5 CSS John Shaw, CSM MEM and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 4 endorsements for Research 4 Research W. Steven Richards and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Molly has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Database I (Access, introduction to Oracle) Multimedia Programming (Python, Django, cURL) Programming (Java) Systems Analysis Web Development Web Development II Web Information Organization (web architecture, cURL) Molly has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Campbell University Digital Collections Text Correction Crowdsourcing at the North Carolina Digital Heritage Center Interests Campbell University 28,586 followers Campbell University 27,678 followers The University of New Mexico 91,676 followers data+women+triangle 82 members Pulse 1,535,138 followers University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 205,131 followers See all See all following
More Actions Franca has a account Franca Romano Master Data Analyst at Johnson & Johnson Johnson & Johnson Concordia University Toronto, Canada Area 196 196 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Supply Chain & Logistics Operations Analyst Company Name Johnson & Johnson Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 4 mos Material Master Coordinator Company Name J&J Canada Dates Employed 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Customer Service Data Analyst Company Name Pfizer Consumer Healthcare Dates Employed 2003 – 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs Customer Service Business Analyst Company Name Pfizer Dates Employed 1997 – 2007 Employment Duration 10 yrs Education Concordia University Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Process Improvement See 11 endorsements for Process Improvement 11 Process Improvement Xavier Alberini and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Logistics See 9 endorsements for Logistics 9 Logistics M P and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAP See 5 endorsements for SAP 5 SAP Charles Novak and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Salim Panjwani Sr. IT Consultant (MDM & Analytics) at Canada Bread Company, Limited August 1, 2007, Franca worked with Salim in different groups I worked with Salim on projects including Customer Service Scorecard, Real-Time Pending Cube Reports, and PowerPlay report templates. He understood the importance of getting the requirements right to meet the customer needs. His exceptional customer focus provided my department with timely and accurate reporting and tools that helped improve our relationships with our customers. Accomplishments Interests Concordia University 174,921 followers Concordia University 185,161 followers Pulse 1,535,139 followers Johnson & Johnson 1,394,129 followers
More Actions Qamar has a account Qamar Khan Data Analyst | Data Manager Bell York University Toronto, Canada Area 377 377 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Result oriented Business Intelligence & Data Analysis professional with 9+ of professional experience in Financial Services and Telecom Industries. Employs quantitative analysis and quality assurance principles to identify trends and root causes. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Intelligence Analyst, Data Company Name Bell Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Senior Analyst Enterprise Data Management - Office of The Chief Data Officer Company Name TD Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada Data Analyst - Revenue Assurance Company Name Telus Mobility Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Analyst, Corporate & Channels Company Name Telus Mobility Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Business Analyst Company Name Scotiabank Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area See more positions Education York University Degree Name B.A Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Member of York Federation of Students. Worked on third world economies during Politics of Global Economies course. Institute of Canadian Bankers Degree Name Investment Funds in Canada Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2007 Ryerson University Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Data Analytics, Big Data, and Predictive Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Certificate in Data Analytics, Big Data, and Predictive Analytics will provide relevant, timely, and effective education in data analytics foundations, basic and advanced analytics methods, and big data analytics tools. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining Data Mining No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 7 endorsements for Data Analysis 7 Data Analysis Endorsed by Jeffrey Strickland, Ph.D., CMSP, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 3 endorsements for Business Intelligence 3 Business Intelligence Adeel Humayun and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Rajiv Jani SAP ISU device management consultant at Capgemini October 31, 2013, Rajiv managed Qamar directly Qamar is one of those rare team members on whom you can always rely on. When I had to delegate a delicate client issue, I had complete faith that Qamar would resolve it promptly and delight the client. He never proved me wrong! I recommend Qamar to any organization/position as I know he will be a great asset wherever he works. Thanks for being you Qamar! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Qamar has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Lean Six Sigma & DFSS Six Sigma Green Belt Certified Qamar has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Urdu Qamar has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Project Scorpion, launch of sub brand under the name of ClearNet Interests TELECOM Billing IT Jobs-Amdocs,CGI,Comverse,CSG,MaxBill,Openet,Oracle Billing, NetCracker, Ericsson 13,721 members Saudi Arabia Opportunities 41,350 members Ooredoo Qatar 50,120 followers Ryerson - Certificate in Big Data 252 members Etisalat 297,308 followers TELUS 91,697 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rick has a account Rick Schubert Associate Partner, Executive Compensation at Aon Hewitt Aon Hewitt HRPAO Toronto, Canada Area 336 336 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am highly experienced in the design and implementation of executive compensation plans and have deep technical expertise in both the tax and accounting implications of plan design. I am also well versed in the governance aspects of executive compensation and advise both senior management and Boards in this regard. My objective is to assist my clients in attaining their executive compensation-related goals in the most cost and tax efficient manner possible while adhering to governance best practices. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Associate Partner, Executive Compensation and Governance Consulting Company Name Aon Hewitt Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Toronto Leadership of Aon Hewitt's executive compensation and governance practice in Canada. Director Company Name KPMG Canada Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Toronto Senior advisor in executive compensation and benefits tax and design, conduct due diligence with respect to same in M&As, advise on cross-border employement tax issues, advise on executive compensation design regarding tax and financial efficiency and governance. Director Company Name PwC Dates Employed Apr 2002 – 2012 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Toronto Led the Equity-based Executive and Deferred Compensation Tax and Plan Design practice. Designed equity-based incentive plans for both public and private companies, conducted due diligence with respect to executive compensation and benefits in M&As, advised on registered plan tax issues Director, Human Capital Practice Company Name Wm Mercer Dates Employed 2000 – 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr Oversaw the start up of the Human Capital practice in the Canadian operations of Wm Mercer Partner Company Name KPMG Dates Employed 1996 – 2000 Employment Duration 4 yrs Led the Actuarial, Benefits and Compensation legal group and the Strategic Human Resources Consulting practice See more positions Education HRPAO Degree Name CHRP Certified Human Resources Professional York University Field Of Study Organizational Behavior Studies The University of Western Ontario Degree Name LL.B. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Executive Pay See 9 endorsements for Executive Pay 9 Executive Pay Scott McEachern and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Planning See 6 endorsements for Business Planning 6 Business Planning Glenn Quarrington and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tax See 6 endorsements for Tax 6 Tax Kenneth Lockett Jr. and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rick has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CHRP Interests EY 1,713,917 followers Human Resources (HR) Professionals 220,844 members Global Tax Jobs - etaxjobs.com 18,186 members Pay Governance 549 followers Deloitte 2,173,814 followers Tax Professionals 114,009 members See all See all following
More Actions Christopher D. has a account Christopher D. Long Chief Data Scientist at Texas Wormhole Texas Wormhole Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-New Brunswick La Jolla, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data scientist and sports analyst. I have a general interest in the application of analytics to genomics, sports and media, including movies, television, music and books. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Christopher D.’s Activity 3,736 followers CRISPR eliminates HIV-1 in live animals. Christopher D. shared this TensorFlow and Deep Learning without a PhD, Part 1 (Google Cloud Next '17) Christopher D. shared this Huawei, Google supercharge Android with new Raspberry Pi-like board Christopher D. shared this Browns could ace the 2017 NFL draft, if they don't screw it up Christopher D. shared this Bringing IoT to sports analytics | the morning paper Christopher D. shared this Why does Kaggle use Log-loss? Christopher D. shared this See all activity Experience Chief Data Scientist Company Name Texas Wormhole Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location San Diego, California Chief Analytics Officer Company Name Vorpala Dates Employed May 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Wisconsin Sports and boutique analytics. Data Mining Competitor Company Name Kaggle Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Kaggle data mining competitions. Editorial Board Member Company Name Journal of Sports Analytics Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location http://journalofsportsanalytics.com/ Editorial board member specializing in the areas of baseball, basketball and thoroughbred horse racing and breeding. Contributing Writer Company Name The Nylon Calculus Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos I write the basketball analytics column "A Clockwork Basketball". See more positions Education Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-New Brunswick Degree Name MS Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2004 Discrete mathematics, number theory, vertex operator algebras. Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-New Brunswick Degree Name MS Field Of Study Biostatistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2004 Quantitative genetics, gene microarrays. Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-New Brunswick Degree Name MS Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2003 Machine learning, Bayesian analysis, non-informative priors. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 131 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Christopher D.’s colleagues at Major League Baseball Click and drag to reorder skills R See 60 endorsements for R 60 R Endorsed by Jay Gendron and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christopher D.’s colleagues at Major League Baseball Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 36 endorsements for Python 36 Python Endorsed by Jay Gendron and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Meredith Wills Sports Data Scientist, Baseball Research & Development June 23, 2013, Meredith worked with Christopher D. in the same group Meredith is one of the most dynamic, intelligent and creative people I've worked with in sports or any other industry. Her dedication, focus, tireless energy and perseverance gives ultimate confidence in her ability to solve any problem, regardless of difficulty. Max Marchi Analyst, Baseball Analytics at Cleveland Indians March 2, 2013, Christopher D. worked with Max but at different companies Max is one of the best baseball analysts currently writing today. The strength of his background and the sophistication of his models make his work both more meaningful statistically and more valuable from the perspective of the baseball industry. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Christopher D. has 17 courses 17 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Quantitative Research Methodology Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Part 1 An Introduction to Interactive Programming in Python Computing for Data Analysis Data Analysis From the Big Bang to Dark Energy Introduction to Artificial Intelligence Introduction to Databases Introduction to Molecular Biology Learning from Data Christopher D. has 17 projects 17 Expand projects section Projects Octendance: Sports Bot of Unusual Size Film Scored Thoroughbred Horse Analytics March Machine Learning Mania 2017 - 7th 2015 Rugby World Cup 2015 Women's World Cup SidelineSwap's College Lacrosse Bracket Challenge March Machine Learning Mania 2015 - 21st 2013 IPL Game Predictions - 7th Baseball Draft Analytics Christopher D. has 7 organizations 7 Expand organizations section Organizations American Mathematical Society American Statistical Association Canadian Mathematical Society He-Man Spreadsheet Haters Club International Society for Bayesian Analysis Mathematical Association of America Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association Christopher D. has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards John Bogart Prize Joseph P. Bradley Memorial Prize in Mathematics John Bogart Prize David Martin Weiss Memorial Award Christopher D. has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English German Interests Friends and Alumni of MITx 1,481 members Major League Lacrosse 3,275 followers Classical Music 28,258 members Kaggle 30,756 followers Wolfram|Alpha 2,701 members Science Friday 3,282 followers See all See all following
More Actions Philip has a account Philip Mariconda Data Analyst at Garden City Group Garden City Group SUNY New Paltz Greater Seattle Area 390 390 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I love working with people to be a bridge between them and the ideas or data they need to do their job better.Specialties: Data Analysis, Technical Writing, Training, Testing. Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Garden City Group Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Data report design and analysis in MS Excel and SQL Server Report Designer. Resource Management Consultant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed May 2007 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos For a team of 650 people, responsible for staffing resources waiting for assignments. Also responsible for tracking project roll-off dates and other status of the team. Fulfilled resource requests within and outside of the team. Other regular responsibilities included utilization forecast reporting, availability maintenance, transfer preparation, assignment changes and approvals, staffing approvals, and tracking of new hires, terminations, and leaves of absence. Provided business transformation ideas that were implemented. Consultant Company Name BearingPoint Dates Employed Mar 2004 – May 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Resource Management Analyst (2/2007 - 4/2007)For a team of 345 people, responsible for staffing resources waiting for assignments. Also responsible for tracking project roll-off dates and other status of entire team. Fulfilled resource requests within and outside of the team. Other regular responsibilities included utilization forecast reporting, availability maintenance, transfer preparation, assignment changes and approvals, and tracking of new hires, terminations, and leaves of absence.Technology Roadmap Project - Pfizer (11/2006 - 12/2006)Authoring of test cases for enterprise Documentum system. Also assisted in interface design.Auditor - internal (3/2005 – 10/2006)Provide analysis and remedy where necessary of project finances. Required learning project financing methods and contact with multiple levels of management.Sarbanes Oxley Project - Southern California Edison (10/2004 – 11/2004 in Rosemead, CA)• Used sampling and manual re-performance testing to confirm accuracy and completeness of system-generated reports.• Prepared report validation documentation for presentation to internal and external auditors.Single Sign On Project - Pfizer, Inc. (2004 in Parsippany, NJ)• Level Two Analyst in a call center supporting a high-level directory merge.• Verified data through various support and administrative utilities, and either confirmed the directory entries, merging the correct records, or unjoined and reprocessed records that were improperly processed.• Queue Manager: coordinated the distribution of incident tickets to staff of 4-7 using Peregrine Service Center, communicated procedural updates from Project Manager and client, provided support and training to staff as needed. Data Analyst Company Name United Water Dates Employed Oct 2002 – Nov 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos • Developed Excel applications for the Procurement Department's spending control initiative.• Learned PeopleSoft query and report (PS/nVision) development tools for supporting data.• Management of competing bids for chemicals and materials.• Designed budget reports that were submitted to the CEO and CFO.• Data gathering for chemical consumption and savings records included extensive communication with vendors and branch offices.• Wrote documentation and directions for above programs.• Designed Visio flow charts depicting inventory, workflow and other processes.• Prepared presentations in MS Power Point for all of the above. Computer Committee Chair Company Name Central Unitarian Church Dates Employed Sep 2001 – Dec 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Part-time volunteerResponsible for coordinating computer needs of 250 member church with a committee of 5-10 volunteers.Designed multi-table database of musicians in MS Access 2000. Posted newsletters and other updates as needed using MS Front Page 2002. Coordinate updates with other designers. Phone and in-person PC support for office staff. See more positions Education SUNY New Paltz Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Science (Business Admin minor) Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1990 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 10 Microsoft Excel Charles Rawlinson, CISSP and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 5 endorsements for Data Analysis 5 Data Analysis Charles Rawlinson, CISSP and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Visio See 24 endorsements for Visio 24 Visio Charles Rawlinson, CISSP and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (2) Nancy C Smith Volunteer Extraordinaire, Client Relationship Manager & Business Development Consultant September 28, 2010, Philip was senior to Nancy C but didn’t manage directly I found Phil to be a delightful individual who was always willing to go the extra mile to assist me in locating a proper project venue when we worked at BearingPoint. Phil delights in providing the bridge for people to excel and realize their goals. I would welcome the opportunity to work with him again, anyytime and anywhere. Adi Padha Partner at Deloitte Consulting May 20, 2010, Adi managed Philip directly Philip was the Resource Manager for my technical team at BearingPoint. When my people concluded their work assignments, he took exceptional care of them, providing guidance and assistance in finding new assignments. Also, I could count on him to provide solid HR data reporting to help me manage the business. As a result I was able to focus more on growing the business, which was the most profitable in BearingPoint at the time. I really enjoyed working with Philip and would recommend him to support any team. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Hitesh Anklesaria Product Manager at Verizon April 21, 2010, Philip reported directly to Hitesh I was part of a team of mostly new BearingPoint employees. Hitesh not only provided solid direction, but excellent support in many ways. It was a real pleasure working with Hitesh, and to this day I benefit from his example and talents. Hitesh would bring excellent leadership to any team. Ronald Hay Senior IT Management Professional September 4, 2009, Philip reported directly to Ronald Having had a several supervisors in my time, Ron was one of the best. He was a great mentor, an advocate, and challenged me in ways that helped me grow in my role. He set clear expectations and provided support as needed to succeed. Ron would be excellent in any role overseeing people at any level. Accomplishments Interests Excel Blackbelts - 黒帯 34,697 members State University of New York at New Paltz Alumni 5,552 members Garden City Group, LLC 3,429 followers "Data" Foundation & Quality Management Group 600 members Zebigo 27 followers Harvey Nash Group 47,647 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sahrish has a account Sahrish Hammad Data Analyst at Nestle Pakistan Nestle Pakistan Lahore School of Economics Lahore, Pakistan 287 287 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights
More Actions Steven has a account Steven Speers Data Analyst TD University of Toronto Toronto, Ontario, Canada 294 294 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Analyst Experienced in workflow automation, reporting, dashboard design, predictive modelling, process mapping, data exploration and data mining; blending analytical skills with creative visualization to effectively communicate data insights. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Workflow Management Analyst Company Name TD Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Data Analyst Company Name ventureLAB (Regional Innovation Centre) Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Markham, Ontario Salesforce administrator and systems development; data exploration and analytics for insight generation through use of Watson Analytics platform. Data Analyst Company Name Humber College Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Toronto, Ontario Statistical analysis and visual representation of data gathered in clinical trials. Research Analyst Company Name Humber College Dates Employed May 2015 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Toronto, Ontario KPI reporting, dashboard design, survey development and labour market analysis. Data Entry Operator Company Name Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Mississauga, Ontario Data entry and validation of order records; merging or separating records as required within database. See more positions Education University of Toronto Degree Name Bachelor of Science (Hon.BSc) Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Statistics, Psychology, Philosophy of Science Skills Data Analysis Data Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining Data Mining Click and drag to reorder skills Data Management Data Management Click and drag to reorder skills Data Migration Data Migration Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Steven has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Business Analytics Specialization TCPS 2: CORE Steven has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests OpusDatum Ltd 2,636 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,853,906 followers Technology 20,767,890 followers TMX Group 7,773 followers Banking & Finance 11,210,951 followers Design 3,728,383 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nancy has a account Nancy Lelle Analyst Deluxe Corporation Intertech Somerset, Wisconsin 21 21 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Prior position included: sales tax compliance in all states for multiple divisions; property tax; audit, exemption management; fixed assets; forecasting; and tax research. I very much enjoyed being a Subject Matter Expert in Vertex; PTMS; Access; Excel; and data analysis.Currently completed certifications in T-SQL; SSRS; and Business Process Management.Also, have worked in several communities with Lutheran Social Services and CASA, managing programs for youth at risk. Much of my career was centered around military moves as my husband was navigating his way through an Air Force career. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Staff Tax Accountant Company Name Deluxe Corporation Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Shoreview, MN Associate Tax Accountant Company Name Ecolab Dates Employed 2006 – 2016 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Areas of experience include: sales tax compliance in all states for multiple divisions; property tax; audit, exemption management; fixed assets; forecasting; and tax research. Subject Matter Expert for current team in Vertex; and PTMS; Access; Excel; and data analysis. Co-owner / Office/Account Management / Marketing / Sales / Service Company Name C.L.A.C. – United States and Canada Dates Employed 2003 – 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Somerset, WI Overseeing operation including all office responsibilities, accounting, buying, marketing, sales, and customer service for both auto sales and RV transportation. Technical Sales Account Manager Company Name Imation Dates Employed 1998 – 2003 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Oakdale, MN Responsible for sales promotion, growth, and market penetration of approximately 90 authorized Imation re-sellers in the Western region of the United States. Received Sales Award for exceeding annual goals by selling over $1 million in volume. Education Intertech Degree Name SQL Server 2012 Reporting Services (SSRS) Field Of Study Data Processing and Data Processing Technology/Technician Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Microsoft / Intertech Degree Name Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2014 Field Of Study Data Processing and Data Processing Technology/Technician Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Auburn University / Watermark Degree Name Certification Field Of Study Business Process Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Business Process Management; Business Process Modeling; and Business Process Improvement See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Process Management Business Process Management No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills SQL Server 2012 Reporting Services (SSRS) SQL Server 2012 Reporting Services (SSRS) No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2014 Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2014 No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,141 followers Creative Designers and Writers 173,772 members Deluxe Corporation 14,453 followers PTMS Property Tax Software 47 followers Excel Data Analyst. 3,395 members Auburn University 151,031 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian McKenna Risk & Capital Data Analyst KBC Bank Ireland Dublin Business School Ireland 360 360 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Strategic thinker with strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills, with experience solving complex problems using data and providing practical business insights. Highly motivated and hard-working with ability to think clearly under pressure and meeting deadlines, both individually and in team environment. Strong working knowledge of statistical analysis languages including SQL, R and Excel. Good data visualisation skills using statistical and Business Information packages such as SAS, Tableau and Hadoop. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to rapidly assess, analyse and resolve complicated issues, and transform complexity to clear and precise reports. Strong experience held in creating and managing complex projects to review, analyse and update credit risk frameworks and to effect policy and procedure change. Possess significant knowledge (17 years) of the financial sector including an in depth knowledge of credit risk policies, Basel III Framework and all Banking products. Strong team leader with an excellent teamwork ethic and the ability to train, support and encourage colleagues to achieve targets and goals. Excellent track record of building strong working relationships with new and existing clients Recently obtained a first class honours in Level 8 Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics. Currently studying part time towards a Level 9 Postgraduate Diploma in SQL, Javascript & PHP. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Risk & Capital Data Analyst Company Name KBC Bank Ireland Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Dublin - Monitor and analyse Bank balance sheet on a monthly/quarterly basis - Investigate and perform deep dive analysis into positive and negative trends and propose solutions - Implementation and testing of new Data Warehouse process in the Bank - review and develop Bank policy and processes to streamline/automate workload - Regulatory Capital & RWA analysis - Create ad hoc regulatory reports for Central Bank/ECB requirements Level 8 Higher Diploma in Data Analytics - First Class Honours Achieved Company Name Dublin Business School Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Dublin Statistics for Data Analysis• Descriptive statistics, inferential statistics, regression analysis• Python & R programmingAdvanced Data Analytics• Regression, multivariate data, casual inference & dependent dataDatabases & Business Applications• Analysis, design, programming, testing, implementation & evaluation• SQLData & Web Mining• Web Content Mining, Web Usage Mining & Web Linkage Mining• Data Mining vs Statistics, Machine Learning, KDD & Business Intelligence• Predictive data mining, Descriptive data mining, Pattern mining & anomaly detection• Web Content Mining, Web Usage Mining & Web Linkage Mining• Association Rule mining, Nearest Neighbour, Decision Tree classifier & k-means.Tools for Data Analysis• Excel & SQL• R, SAS & Stata• Python, Ruby, R & Java• Hadoop (Pig, Hive, Spark)• MapReduce & CloudsearchProgramming for Big DataData Warehousing and Business Intelligence Lending Manager Company Name Ulster Bank Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location College Green • Manage the new business lending team within the Business Direct Unit Dublin with 5 direct reports.• Specialise in the preparation and submission of lending reports ranging from personal customers to large multinational entities. Experience also held in agricultural lending with Agricultural Lending Certificate awarded in 2014• Manage the daily workflow for new applications received to ensure swift decision for customers. • Monthly management information reviewed for high value cases and perform credit reviews to analyse and assess ongoing credit risk Commercial Officer Company Name Ulster Bank Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location College Green • Responsible for management and development of a diverse portfolio consisting connections of varying complexity and sourcing new to bank business through internal and external networking• Building strong relationships with intermediaries and maximising cross sales• Evaluation and preparation of lending applications whilst ensuring operational risk compliance. • Preparation of facility and security documentation and opening of new business accounts Business Executive Company Name Ulster Bank Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location College Green Business Centre • Preparation and processing of loan applications, facility and security documentation.• Developing and maintaining customer relationships including the identification and pursuing cross sales opportunities within customer portfolio.• Assisting in and sourcing new business development opportunities. See more positions Education Dublin Business School Degree Name Higher Diploma In Science in Data Analytics Field Of Study Computer Science Grade First Class Honours Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Activities and Societies: President of Data Analytics Society. Class rep between colleagues and college Institute of Banking Degree Name Qualified Financial Advisor(QFA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 Castleknock College Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 16 endorsements for Management 16 Management Endorsed by 11 of Brian’s colleagues at Ulster Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 15 endorsements for Portfolio Management 15 Portfolio Management Endorsed by 12 of Brian’s colleagues at Ulster Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business Lending See 9 endorsements for Small Business Lending 9 Small Business Lending Endorsed by 8 of Brian’s colleagues at Ulster Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills
More Actions Benita has a account Benita Nelson | Business Analyst/Data Analyst Sr. Business Analyst/Financial Analyst at Harrington Health Harrington Health Walden University | MBA Columbus, Ohio Area 57 57 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Data ManagementDatabase AdministrationSystem AdministrationStaff Training/DevelopmentProject Lifecycle ManagementRelational Database DesignSystem/Process ImprovementPolicy/Procedure DevelopmentQuality Assurance/ImprovementTechnical WritingTechnical TrainingProductivity ImprovementSystems ImplementationClient Management See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Interests WIRED 1,052,152 followers Business Analyst Professional 165,779 members Pulse 1,535,142 followers Banking & Finance 11,210,958 followers ModernAnalyst.com - Business Analyst Community 68,629 members MONEY (Magazine & Money.com) 28,923 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian McKenna Risk & Capital Data Analyst KBC Bank Ireland Dublin Business School Ireland 360 360 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Strategic thinker with strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills, with experience solving complex problems using data and providing practical business insights. Highly motivated and hard-working with ability to think clearly under pressure and meeting deadlines, both individually and in team environment. Strong working knowledge of statistical analysis languages including SQL, R and Excel. Good data visualisation skills using statistical and Business Information packages such as SAS, Tableau and Hadoop. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to rapidly assess, analyse and resolve complicated issues, and transform complexity to clear and precise reports. Strong experience held in creating and managing complex projects to review, analyse and update credit risk frameworks and to effect policy and procedure change. Possess significant knowledge (17 years) of the financial sector including an in depth knowledge of credit risk policies, Basel III Framework and all Banking products. Strong team leader with an excellent teamwork ethic and the ability to train, support and encourage colleagues to achieve targets and goals. Excellent track record of building strong working relationships with new and existing clients Recently obtained a first class honours in Level 8 Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics. Currently studying part time towards a Level 9 Postgraduate Diploma in SQL, Javascript & PHP. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 16 endorsements for Management 16 Management Endorsed by 11 of Brian’s colleagues at Ulster Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 15 endorsements for Portfolio Management 15 Portfolio Management Endorsed by 12 of Brian’s colleagues at Ulster Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Small Business Lending See 9 endorsements for Small Business Lending 9 Small Business Lending Endorsed by 8 of Brian’s colleagues at Ulster Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Banking Careers 625,247 members Blizzard Entertainment 203,741 followers Central Bank of Ireland 14,093 followers Morgan McKinley 84,266 followers RealTime Recruitment 10,411 followers Dublin Business School 31,317 followers See all See all following
More Actions Elnaz has a account Elnaz Ghadimi Statistical Programmer Everest Clinical Research Concordia University Toronto, Canada Area 386 386 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Strong academic background in Statistics, Mathematics and Biostatistics More than 6 years of experience in research and data analyzing Highly proficient in SAS, SPSS, R, SQL, Excel and Python Excellent communication (written and verbal), analytical, problem-solving and time-management skillsAble to learn and adopt to new environment and changes See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 43 endorsements for Statistics 43 Statistics Endorsed by Shahab Einabadi, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 31 endorsements for Research 31 Research Shahab Einabadi and 30 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SPSS See 30 endorsements for SPSS 30 SPSS Endorsed by Shahab Einabadi, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Nexio 5,963 followers GuestDriven 2,112 followers TD 255,645 followers Health Canada | Santé Canada 45,505 followers Kizashi Analytics 1,700 followers Centre universitaire de santé McGill et IR-CUSM | McGill University Health Centre and RI-MUHC 9,621 followers See all See all following
More Actions Xinyu (Justin) has a account Xinyu (Justin) ZHAO Senior Data Analyst at Capital One Capital One University of Rochester Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Marketing professional experienced in Marketing Research, Data Analysis, Data Modeling, and Reporting• Extensive industry experience in Publishing, Consumer Goods, Telecommunication, Automobile and Event Marketing. Professional experience in Fortune 500 companies and start-ups, demonstrated capability of working in a team-oriented, multitasking, fast-paced, and deadline-driven environment• Specialties: Microsoft Office Suite, VBA, Macro, SPSS, SQL, CRM, Google Analytics and AdWords, Photoshop See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 10 endorsements for SQL 10 SQL Nachuan Tian and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 3 endorsements for Python 3 Python Endorsed by Xuan Li, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 15 endorsements for Data Analysis 15 Data Analysis Endorsed by Junyi Zhou and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Xinyu (Justin)’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Martina Casagrande, MBA Marketing, Pricing and Trading January 4, 2013, Martina managed Xinyu (Justin) directly I have a pleasure of working with Justin at Telecom Italia. Justin is a detail oriented and hard working team player. He is very proactive and a fast learner. In fact, he completes his assignments on time and often takes the initiative to develop new projects. His analytical and personal skills make him the perfect asset to any team hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Rochester 65,345 followers Consumer Insights Interest Group 104,362 members Simon School Alumni Network of Greater New York City 1,028 members University of Rochester 73,579 followers Benchmark Education Company 2,526 followers Blizzard Entertainment 203,742 followers See all See all following
More Actions Olga has a account Olga Milkovska Data Analyst at Ubisoft Ubisoft Seneca College of Applied Arts and Technology Montreal, Canada Area 481 481 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Enthusiastic and results-driven data analyst with extensive experience in turning raw data into actionable knowledge Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Olga’s Activity 482 followers I just completed the course "Intermediate Python for Data Science"! Olga liked Looking for a Data Analyst to join our Ubi Family =) Olga shared this Alternative Data Visualization Libraries - The Data Visualisation Catalogue Blog Olga shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 9 endorsements for Data Analysis 9 Data Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Olga’s colleagues at Mindshare Click and drag to reorder skills Tableau See 6 endorsements for Tableau 6 Tableau Endorsed by 2 of Olga’s colleagues at Mindshare Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Marketing See 10 endorsements for Digital Marketing 10 Digital Marketing Endorsed by 5 of Olga’s colleagues at Mindshare Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Ubisoft 228,521 followers DataXu 17,904 followers IBM Analytics 89,819 followers Seneca College 142,771 followers Google 4,871,266 followers Dnipropetrovs'kij Nacional'nij Universitet 6,087 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David (debrucer) Russell Independent Contractor Independent Contractor Northern Virginia Community College Greater San Diego Area 471 471 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Currently contracting on AWS Cloud, Oracle, data and database matters on a part-time basis.Available for short-term, local opportunities. Remote okay. No relocation. Limited travel.No benefits required. I am retired, insured and healthy.Recent active Secret clearance with The Defense Security Service (DSS). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Skills Oracle Oracle Click and drag to reorder skills SQL SQL Click and drag to reorder skills Performance Tuning Performance Tuning Click and drag to reorder skills Data Data Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (11) Given (0) Muhammed Habeebulla MP Network Security Engineer at Harman connected services June 17, 2016, Muhammed managed David directly I was having Oracle DB related issues and i was kind of no hope after along day work.I thought to search in facebook for some one to help me.i have sent a message to david. i thought he will be giving a small hint to resolve but he was working with me through out day.We have somehow fixed the issue. Matt Tyler Principal Product Architect at ResMed December 14, 2015, Matt managed David directly I first worked with David Russell in 1999. His expertise in database technology and success oriented work ethic, along with his great personality, made him a favorite of the engineering team. Several years later at another company, I sought out David and hired him as the DBA Manager. Once again, he delivered exceptional database solutions that supported and went beyond the company's objectives. He also managed a team of DBAs and worked very well with the software engineering teams. And finally, several years later while building a team at Cardinal Health, I hired David again to lead a database and analytics product development effort.David demonstrates exceptional talent with all things database and software engineering. He is friendly, great to work with, and very dependable. I look forward to the opportunity to hire him again at a future endeavor. View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Information Technology Professionals ★ Cloud ★ Mobile ★ Big Data ★ IoT ★ Agile Scrum Lean ★ IT Jobs 211,037 members Amazon Web Services 260,227 followers Amazon Web Services Community Network 78,145 members Conan O'BrienConan O&#39;Brien is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Conan 446,440 followers Oracle 2,119,518 followers NexGen Cloud Conference & Expo 158 members See all See all following
More Actions Thao has a account Thao Nguyen Data Analyst II at FNC Inc. FNC Inc. California State Polytechnic University, Pomona Orange County, California Area 18 18 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements T-SQL See 1 endorsement for T-SQL 1 T-SQL Leo Seicshnaydre has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills VB.NET VB.NET No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills SSIS SSIS No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Pulse 1,535,142 followers CoreLogic | FNC 1,384 followers California State Polytechnic University-Pomona 108,601 followers California State Polytechnic University-Pomona 105,040 followers
More Actions Eric has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Eric Cai Statistician Specializing in Machine Learning, Business and Chemistry. Blog: The Chemical Statistician. @chemstateric Environics Analytics University of Toronto Toronto, Ontario, Canada 461 461 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a statistician by profession and a scientific communicator by passion. I am lucky to do both as a Data Science Consultant at Environics Analytics, a company that specializes in marketing analytics and geodemography. You can learn about my job on Twitter (@EricCaiEA).Creatively, I combine my passions about - statistics- chemistry- business- social media- education- and professional development into The Chemical Statistician. This is my collection of knowledge-sharing channels, and it includes my blog, Youtube channel, Twitter feed (@chemstateric), speaking engagements, and guest columns for professional publications. I welcome any chance to work with passionate and kind people who seek expertise on these topics. My blog is syndicated by StatsBlogs and R-Bloggers, the two largest statistics blog aggregators on the Internet.As a statistician, I specialize in machine learning, applied statistics, and statistical computing, with programming experience in R, SAS and MATLAB. In the past, I have worked in- banking - medical research- industrial statistics- applied mathematics- nuclear chemistry- market analysis - media relations- technology commercialization- environmental chemistry- cardiac physiology- ecology and evolutionary biologyI earned my Master's degree in statistics at the University of Toronto. I earned my Bachelor's degree with a major in chemistry and a minor in math at Simon Fraser University, where I won the Canadian Society for Chemistry's Silver Medal for earning the highest GPA among all 4th-year chemistry students.I am a passionate public speaker. At conferences, I frequently talk about technical aspects of statistics and professional development for students and new graduates. I have organized seminars as a volunteer for the Statistical Society of Canada, the Toronto Applied Biostatistics Association, and the Vancouver SAS User Group. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Eric’s Articles & Activity 520 followers Applied Statistics Lesson of the Day - Basic Terminology in Experimental Design #1 Eric Cai on LinkedIn See 9 more articles Feedback from very major consumer electronics company: Our recent JMP Scripting Language app paid for itself multiple times in < 3 months. I'm happy to report that our team produces apps that typically yield high ROIs. Eric liked Tips for maximizing your learning potential at professional conferences Eric commented It is a pleasure to welcome Isanna Biglands to Environics Analytics as a Research Associate on our Data Development team. She graduated from Queen's University with a degree in economics, and I have particularly enjoyed learning from her thesis on conservation and environmental economics. Welcome aboard, Isanna! Eric shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 38 endorsements for Statistics 38 Statistics Endorsed by Ximing Xu and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Eric’s colleagues at British Columbia Centre for Excellence in HIV/AIDS Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 34 endorsements for Data Analysis 34 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Eric’s colleagues at British Columbia Centre for Excellence in HIV/AIDS Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 23 endorsements for SAS 23 SAS Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Eric’s colleagues at British Columbia Centre for Excellence in HIV/AIDS Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (14) Diana Ballard Senior Consulting Statistician at Predictum June 27, 2013, Diana was senior to Eric but didn’t manage directly Eric is able to explain a variety of complex machine learning techniques in a useful way to a non-statistician audience. We used this ability to build training and in analysis presentations to a wide variety of customers. Though we have never met in person, I talked to Eric frequently in his role as a statistician at Predictum. Craig Burkett Data Scientist at Lixar IT August 30, 2016, Craig and Eric were students together Eric is one of the most genuine, honest people I know. I worked with him on a major project while we completed our Masters degrees at U of T. Even after the course had finished and the project was accepted, Eric continued to work on the problem, on his own time. While many people focus on achieving high grades or satisfying a contract as their endpoint, Eric seems more concerned with getting things done correctly, regardless of what it takes. Eric also contributes his time to volunteer activities in the community. From speaking at seminars and career fairs to maintaining his blog, he is always happy to share his experiences with those earlier in their journeys. I would welcome another opportunity to work with Eric in the future. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Mitchell Godak IT Solutions Developer at Environics Analytics January 5, 2017, Eric worked with Mitchell in different groups When Mitchell worked as a student intern at Environics Analytics, one of his major duties was providing IT support for others in the company. My role as a Data Science Consultant has many IT needs and issues, and Mitchell helped me to resolve those problems with professionalism, diligence, and swiftness. This allowed me to minimize my time on IT issues and focus on my job. Mitchell and another intern were also responsible for setting up the IT infrastructure for all major presentations, and they did that reliably and proficiently. Our company's President praised both of them for their good work at the end of their internships, and we were sad when they left us. I would welcome any chance to work with Mitchell again in the future. Haroon Salimi Software Engineering Co-op Student at the University of Guelph January 5, 2017, Eric worked with Haroon in different groups I worked with Haroon when he was a student intern at Environics Analytics. Part of his role was providing IT support for others in the company. As a Data Science Consultant, I had many computing needs and issues that needed to be resolved. Haroon was very professional, swift, and diligent in dealing with my requests for help, and that allowed me to focus on my job as much as possible. He and another intern were also responsible for setting up the IT infrastructure for any major presentation, and they did that proficiently and reliably. Our company's President praised both of them for their good work at the end of their internships, and we were sad to see them leaving us. I would welcome any chance to work with Haroon again in the future. View 12 more recommendations View 12 more recommendations recommendations Interests British Columbia Centre for Excellence in HIV/AIDS 393 followers KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,125 members Machine Learning T.O 285 members University of Toronto 341,665 followers Simon Fraser University 7,314 members American Statistical Associates - ASA 7,967 members See all See all following
More Actions Faye has a account Faye Sturdivant, Data Analyst, LSS, ITIL Extract meaningful insights from large data | Develop reports & improvement strategy | Reduce risk & increase profits Lowe's Companies, Inc. ECPI College of Technology Greensboro/Winston-Salem, North Carolina Area 311 311 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent ***** Actively seeking new job opportunities ***** Extensive knowledge in Information Technology; High attention to detail while using strong listening ability to identify common patterns; Extreme eye for quality; Motivated to learn new systems; Subject matter expertise in discovering hidden insights from large data sets; Reducing decision risk by leveraging a variety of analytical techniques such as data collection, data extraction, data mining, excel, crystal reports to develop SQL queries, analysis, and statistics; Transforming historical data into actionable business opportunities; Clearly Interpret data-driven results to technical and non-technical audiences. Provide recommendations and drive for quick resolutions See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Faye’s Activity 312 followers Delivery driver retires after 54 years with Lowe’s Faye liked After 19 years with Lowe's I am excited about starting my new career with Collins and Arnold Construction Company as a Project Superintendent tomorrow. Faye liked Of These Top 20 Free Analytics Tools My Favorite is (Drum Roll, Please...) Faye liked Best Answer to “Sell Me This Pen” Faye liked See all activity Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Priscilla Jacks Vice President - Risk and Compliance at U.S. Bank March 18, 2012, Priscilla was senior to Faye but didn’t manage directly Priscilla encourages high standards of performance and inspires team members to identify and reach their goals at all times.Priscilla communicates in a clear and concise manner, sharing information openly and directly. Priscilla delegates’ responsibility to appropriate staff and conveys clear expectations for the assignments. Interests Fruit of the Loom 15,741 followers ZDNet 251,895 followers Information Technology Professionals ★ Cloud ★ Mobile ★ Big Data ★ IoT ★ Agile Scrum Lean ★ IT Jobs 211,037 members The Wall Street Journal 2,341,156 followers Greg McKeownGreg McKeown is a LinkedIn Influencer New York Times Bestselling Author 263,404 followers Wake Forest Baptist Health 14,268 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephen has a account Stephen Xu Loran Scholar | Data Science | Mathematical Modelling NVIDIA University of Toronto Toronto, Ontario, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I love finding patterns, both in data and business practices. I hope to apply my analytical skills and to make client-centric business decisions. Currently looking for opportunities related to the intersection of technology, society, and policy (e.g. management consulting, product management, etc). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Stephen’s Articles & Activity 1,127 followers Coffee Chats Don’t Have to be About Free Coffee - 3 Steps for a Meaningful Conversation Stephen Xu on LinkedIn See all articles The Big Picture Stephen liked NVIDIA GPU Cloud: It's Not What You May Think It Is Stephen liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Leadership See 78 endorsements for Leadership 78 Leadership Endorsed by Terry Zhang and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Stephen’s colleagues at NVIDIA Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 61 endorsements for Public Speaking 61 Public Speaking Endorsed by Jeff Zhang and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Stephen’s colleagues at NVIDIA Click and drag to reorder skills Critical Thinking See 48 endorsements for Critical Thinking 48 Critical Thinking Endorsed by Terry Zhang and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Stephen’s colleagues at NVIDIA Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Bain & Company 408,659 followers University of Toronto 370,886 followers Public Policy Forum 2,787 followers NVIDIA 208,867 followers Loran Scholars Foundation 700 followers Volunteer Engineering Experience Program 17 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matus has a account Matus Karahuta Data Analyst at Conversant LLC Conversant LLC Technical University of Kosice, Faculty of Economics London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Certified MS Office Expert with experience in Data manipulation, data mining and analysis in Excel,Access, SQL Server and SQL Server Reporting Services, also exposed to Spark & Python for data analysis and Tableau for visualizing results. Single point of contact for both internal and customer facing reports for over 2 years. Motivated, eager to learn person with can-do attitude. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Matus’ Activity 501 followers Toyota wants flying cars in time for the 2020 Olympics Matus liked The big debate: Is coding a must-have skill for marketers? Matus liked a comment Moving Programmatic Advertising Beyond the Cookie - LiveRamp Matus liked Always fun to learn something new or refresh your memories from university. Do you plan on creating another course on statistics, Kirill Eremenko? Matus shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 23 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 23 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 3 of Matus’ colleagues at Weka Solutions, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 19 endorsements for Analysis 19 Analysis Jose Luis Rodriguez Diaz and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Automation See 4 endorsements for Automation 4 Automation Endorsed by 2 of Matus’ colleagues at Weka Solutions, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Magdalena Graef Data Leakage Protection Specialist at MSD Global Innovation Center December 8, 2015, Matus worked with Magdalena in the same group I've been working with Matus for a few months now, and from the very beginning I was impressed by his technical know-how and his readiness to pass it on to the team. He is a great team player and does not shy away from taking the lead when necessary. Moreover, Matus is always looking for ways to improve his skills and learn new ones in order to bring a constant valuable contribution to the business. In other words, Matus is a proactive and bright teamplayer who would be a great part of any team. Lucie Kulhavá (Kaclová) Local Category Manager PBS and Freight at Plzeňský Prazdroj January 20, 2016, Lucie managed Matus directly I met Matus for the first time at interview at Inbev when we was applying for analytical job in my team. He was very positive but totally without any experience with this type of job. He convinced me with his attitude and willingness to learn new things on his own that he will be perfect for this job. He quickly showed his excellent analytical skills, actively pursued new tools and techniques. What I appreciated most was that he organised and explained even very complex topics in easy-to-understand terms. He is very good team member and person who invest his free time to keep up-to-date on new developments in analytical field. Magdalena Graef Data Leakage Protection Specialist at MSD Global Innovation Center January 4, 2016, Magdalena worked with Matus in the same group Magda is great addition to a team with outstanding communication skills and calm and collected approach to any new problem. She can apply her previous experience to best suit the needs of the situation and continuously delivers exceptional productivity. When hiring new people, Magda was always able to pinpoint the important details about a person and predict their behavior. She is an absolute pleasure to work with and I would recommend her for any position Interests Conversant LLC 14,786 followers Excel Gurus 11,798 members Europ Assistance 17,447 followers Editor's Picks 3,897,253 followers Technology 20,767,929 followers Pulse 1,535,143 followers See all See all following
More Actions Irena has a account Irena Latakaitė Business Data Analyst Telia Lietuva Vilnius University Lithuania 378 378 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Irena’s Activity 378 followers Importance of public transportation Irena liked Prieš kelis mėnesius sulaukiau skambučio iš pono Donato. Donatas Stakvilevičius yra Radviliškio priešgaisrinės gelbėjimo tarnybos darbuotojas. Ponui Donatui kilo mintis, galbūt Radviliškio Maxima LT parduotuvėse per vidinį parduotuvių radiją būtų galima transliuoti informacinius pranešimus, kuriuose ragintume gyventojus būtų atsakingus ir nedeginti žolės. Aš pamaniau, kad kasmet aktuali žolės deginimo ir dėl to tiek gamtai, tiek kiekvienam mūsų sukelianti problema aktuali ne tik Radviliškyje, bet ir visoje Lietuvoje. Tad klipą šiek tiek patiuninome ir paleidome visame „Maxima“ prekybos tinkle. Šiandien vėl sulaukiau žinutės iš Donato. Donatas paklausė ar būsiu biure, užeitų jo Vilniuje studijuojanti dukra ir perduos bendrovei padėką. Tokio nuoširdumo seniai nepatyriau. Ir dėkoti reikėtų ne man, ne „Maximai“, dėkoti reikia ugniagesiams gelbėtojams. Už tai, kad mus visus saugo. Ačiū jums! [ Neradau filtro, katras mane padarytų bent kiek gražų, bet oh well – užtat nuoširdžios emocijos nepaslėpsi po jokiomis raukšlėmis! ] #ugniagesiai Irena liked It was a great pleasure to join Copenhagen Capacity's International Talent Conference 2017 accompanied by Accenture last week. I feel glad that I had the chance to join the panel debate and give some tips for 250+ bright international talents aiming to join the Danish work force. Irena liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 28 endorsements for Statistics 28 Statistics Endorsed by Vytautas Mikalajūnas, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Irena’s colleagues at Lietuvos draudimas, AB Click and drag to reorder skills R See 23 endorsements for R 23 R Endorsed by 2 of Irena’s colleagues at Lietuvos draudimas, AB Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 23 endorsements for Data Analysis 23 Data Analysis Endorsed by 6 of Irena’s colleagues at Lietuvos draudimas, AB Endorsed by 7 people who know Data Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,419 members Resolution Media Lithuania 136 followers Vilniaus universitetas / Vilnius University 45,794 followers Bernard MarrBernard Marr is a LinkedIn Influencer Best-Selling Author, Keynote Speaker and Leading Business and Data Expert 1,013,025 followers Pulse 1,535,143 followers Telia Danmark 7,682 followers See all See all following
More Actions Madhvi has a account Madhvi Srivastav Microsoft FBI- Senior Data Analyst at Annik Technology Services Pvt. Ltd. Annik Uttar Pradesh Technical University Gurgaon, Haryana, India 379 379 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Data Analyst with good knowledge of Excel and SQL. Skilled in Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Landing Page Optimization, SQL, C++, and Google Analytics. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) focused in Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering from Uttar Pradesh Technical University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Madhvi’s Activity 379 followers I was in an job interview, Employer: you changed 3 jobs in last 6 years....? Me: My Job was same, i just changed the boss Employer: So, you may switch again...? Me: As soon as you keep yourself as my boss Employer: Ok, you can go now, Me: Thanks, See you soon. Employer: Frankly speaking, we are not considering you.... Me: I hope you do, i studied your long successful career and found we are a good match. ..... They called me after 2 months for job Madhvi shared this Hiring for Senior Data Engineer (Big Data) in Gurgaon for Exp. 4-8 yrs. Madhvi shared this Hiring for Urgent Opening for Associate 1| Gurgaon| Fresher in Gurgaon for Exp. 0-0 yrs. Madhvi shared this Hiring for Urgent Opening for Technology Analyst - SQL, SSAS in Gurgaon in Gurgaon for Exp. 3-6 yrs. Madhvi shared this Hiring for Database Administrator ( SQL Server) - Gurgaon in Gurgaon for Exp. 3-5 yrs. Madhvi shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements HTML See 16 endorsements for HTML 16 HTML Deepak Rai and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C See 10 endorsements for C 10 C Anurag Srivastava and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 8 endorsements for SQL 8 SQL Anurag Srivastava and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Green Business 10,532,977 followers Annik 6,301 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,853,943 followers Siemens Technology India 95,202 followers Dharmesh ShahDharmesh Shah is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CTO at HubSpot 752,586 followers Smart Digital Marketing 13,857 members See all See all following
More Actions Prasann has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Prasann Modi BigData Analyst Customer Centria Mahakal institute of technology,ujjain Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 73 endorsements for R 73 R Endorsed by Ted Gaubert, PhD, MBA and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Hadoop See 64 endorsements for Hadoop 64 Hadoop Endorsed by Hardeep Singh Ajmani and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Hive See 12 endorsements for Hive 12 Hive Endorsed by Chandrashekhar Javeer and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Goibibo 14,939 followers HiringBot 291 followers Pete CashmorePete Cashmore is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO, Mashable 1,274,097 followers Volt Data Analytics and Big Data Opportunities in Europe 172 members Data Science Central 291,504 members The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,575 members See all See all following
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Alexander, Data Analyst Excel Guru- Answering the questions that drive decisions through data analysis. Robert Half San Francisco Bay Area 51 51 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Analyze complex data by way of Vlookups, nested IF statements, Pivot Tables, and Power Pivots. Create data models combining tables from different systems. Validate, document, and explain causes of variances ensuring the audience consuming the data understands the context behind the numbers. Create data visualizations for monthly, quarterly, and year over year trending. Expanding my experience into Python scripting for web dev and scripting automation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 2 endorsements for Data Analysis 2 Data Analysis Robin Rodgers and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Vlookup See 2 endorsements for Vlookup 2 Vlookup Robin Rodgers and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Pivot Tables See 2 endorsements for Pivot Tables 2 Pivot Tables Robin Rodgers and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Pulse 1,535,143 followers Robert Half 361,140 followers Python for Data Acquisition and Analysis 2,300 members University of the Pacific 39,532 followers What Inspires Me 6,117,031 followers The Economist 3,870,100 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matus has a account Matus Karahuta Data Analyst at Conversant LLC Conversant LLC Technical University of Kosice, Faculty of Economics London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Certified MS Office Expert with experience in Data manipulation, data mining and analysis in Excel,Access, SQL Server and SQL Server Reporting Services, also exposed to Spark & Python for data analysis and Tableau for visualizing results. Single point of contact for both internal and customer facing reports for over 2 years. Motivated, eager to learn person with can-do attitude. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Matus’ Activity 501 followers Toyota wants flying cars in time for the 2020 Olympics Matus liked The big debate: Is coding a must-have skill for marketers? Matus liked a comment Moving Programmatic Advertising Beyond the Cookie - LiveRamp Matus liked Always fun to learn something new or refresh your memories from university. Do you plan on creating another course on statistics, Kirill Eremenko? Matus shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 23 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 23 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 3 of Matus’ colleagues at Weka Solutions, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 19 endorsements for Analysis 19 Analysis Jose Luis Rodriguez Diaz and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Automation See 4 endorsements for Automation 4 Automation Endorsed by 2 of Matus’ colleagues at Weka Solutions, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Magdalena Graef Data Leakage Protection Specialist at MSD Global Innovation Center December 8, 2015, Matus worked with Magdalena in the same group I've been working with Matus for a few months now, and from the very beginning I was impressed by his technical know-how and his readiness to pass it on to the team. He is a great team player and does not shy away from taking the lead when necessary. Moreover, Matus is always looking for ways to improve his skills and learn new ones in order to bring a constant valuable contribution to the business. In other words, Matus is a proactive and bright teamplayer who would be a great part of any team. Lucie Kulhavá (Kaclová) Local Category Manager PBS and Freight at Plzeňský Prazdroj January 20, 2016, Lucie managed Matus directly I met Matus for the first time at interview at Inbev when we was applying for analytical job in my team. He was very positive but totally without any experience with this type of job. He convinced me with his attitude and willingness to learn new things on his own that he will be perfect for this job. He quickly showed his excellent analytical skills, actively pursued new tools and techniques. What I appreciated most was that he organised and explained even very complex topics in easy-to-understand terms. He is very good team member and person who invest his free time to keep up-to-date on new developments in analytical field. Magdalena Graef Data Leakage Protection Specialist at MSD Global Innovation Center January 4, 2016, Magdalena worked with Matus in the same group Magda is great addition to a team with outstanding communication skills and calm and collected approach to any new problem. She can apply her previous experience to best suit the needs of the situation and continuously delivers exceptional productivity. When hiring new people, Magda was always able to pinpoint the important details about a person and predict their behavior. She is an absolute pleasure to work with and I would recommend her for any position Interests Europe 1,450,857 followers Europ Assistance 17,448 followers Weka Solutions, Inc. 44 followers Google 4,871,272 followers Information Technology 2,335,677 followers AT&T Employee Alumni 17,089 members See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Goodfellow Big Data Architect at Amazon Web Services Amazon Web Services University of Colorado Boulder Greater Denver Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Kevin Goodfellow | Big Data Architect | AWS Professional Services -- Well rounded data professional with 17+ years of extensive experience providing big data / data warehouse leadership and development services across a wide range of concepts, practices, and technologies. Areas of focus include: strategy, analysis, architecture, design, development, testing, tuning, infrastructure, and mentoring.This extensive background has provided an opportunity to gain a deep understanding of the unique and common problems across many industries, such as: Startups, Internet, Email Processing, Credit Card Processing, Online Travel, Professional Sports, Sporting Goods, Healthcare, Insurance, Manufacturing, Shipping, Package Delivery, Real Estate, Retail, Broadcast Media, Telecommunications, Pharmaceutical Research / Sales, Aerospace, Natural Resource Mining, Correctional Facilities, and Public Utilities. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Kevin’s Activity 1,046 followers LinkedIn Top Companies 2017: Where the U.S. wants to work now Kevin liked Any DW folks out there looking for a cool job in Utah or San Francisco using cutting edge DW technology? https://lnkd.in/gcdcWWH https://lnkd.in/gV6vUud Kevin shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 51 endorsements for Business Intelligence 51 Business Intelligence Dustin Cash and 50 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 27 endorsements for Data Warehousing 27 Data Warehousing Dustin Cash and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Modeling See 25 endorsements for Data Modeling 25 Data Modeling Dustin Cash and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (15) Given (18) Chris Tyler Enterprise Architecture and Information Management at Illumina August 27, 2010, Chris was a client of Kevin’s I had the pleasure of working with Kevin on several projects to meet our customers needs. He was able to quickly integrate himself into the team and understand not only the unique data situations but the business model as well. I have worked with many consultants in the BI and DW space and I can say from experience Kevin is a rare asset who is skilled in all facets of the BI/DW lifecycle and can effectively play all roles if required. I look forward to future opportunities to partner with Kevin. Stephen Dine Managing Partner, Datasource Consulting, Specializing in Business Intelligence, Data Integration & Analysis July 28, 2010, Stephen was a client of Kevin’s Kevin is both a great data architect as well as an expert ETL developer. He is one of those rare consultants that has hands-on experience implementing business intelligence projects across all phases of the lifecycle. Kevin is smart, reliable, personable and ethical, which is everything you want in a great consultant. I admire Kevin for what he has achieved and look forward to working with him for many years to come. View 13 more recommendations View 13 more recommendations recommendations Shannon Lucero Senior ETL Architect at Gates Corporation August 26, 2011, Shannon worked with Kevin in the same group Shannon is one of the most talented ETL architects that I have had the pleasure to work with. His attention to detail during every step of the development process results in extremely high quality ETL development products at levels of efficiency and speeds that you rarely see. He has a wide range of experience with source systems, databases, and ETL tools as well as a depth of expertise that is unmatched. He regularly conquers problems that others could not solve, with a special level of creativity. Shannon's technical prowess is only surpassed by his friendly and approachable personality and his desire to facilitate success of the Data Warehouse team. He willingly offers ideas, advice, and assistance without hesitation.Shannon one of the first people that you should call when drafting developers to be in your Data Warehouse foxhole. Chris Tyler Enterprise Architecture and Information Management at Illumina August 30, 2010, Chris worked with Kevin in the same group Chris is one of the rare business analysts with a wide range of BI technical skills and experience. He can quickly gain a solid grasp of the business big picture, or he can dive into the weeds of a highly technical problem and flex his technical muscle. This wide base of BI understanding allows Chris to work closely with the business to extract their true needs, while at the same time navigating through the mine field of technical pitfalls that befall less experienced analysts and BI teams. His ability to jump in with Cognos development, when needed, has also saved a project or two. On top of it all, Chris’ friendly approach and sense of humor makes it a pleasure to work with him. View 16 more recommendations View 16 more recommendations recommendations Interests University of Colorado Boulder 206,124 followers Amazon Web Services 260,227 followers Fantasy Sports Executives 1,933 members Sports Techie 4,740 members Quantified Self 2,824 members University of Colorado Boulder Alumni 36,066 members See all See all following
More Actions Benita has a account Benita Nelson | Business Analyst/Data Analyst Sr. Business Analyst/Financial Analyst at Harrington Health Harrington Health Walden University | MBA Columbus, Ohio Area 57 57 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Data ManagementDatabase AdministrationSystem AdministrationStaff Training/DevelopmentProject Lifecycle ManagementRelational Database DesignSystem/Process ImprovementPolicy/Procedure DevelopmentQuality Assurance/ImprovementTechnical WritingTechnical TrainingProductivity ImprovementSystems ImplementationClient Management See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Interests Business Analyst forum [BA forum] 89,587 members Banking & Finance 11,210,994 followers Carrie Schwab-PomerantzCarrie Schwab-Pomerantz is a LinkedIn Influencer Chair & President, Charles Schwab Foundation; SVP, Charles Schwab; Chairman of the Board, Schwab Charitable 205,404 followers Business Analyst Professional 165,779 members Brian WongBrian Wong is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Kiip, Author of The Cheat Code 512,214 followers WIRED 1,052,154 followers See all See all following
More Actions Maryna has a account Maryna Zarutska Intermediate Accountant Microworld Data Solutions Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada (CPA Canada) Toronto, Canada Area 176 176 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Skilled financial professional with over 5 years of comprehensive experience in all aspects of accounting and financial management, with a Degree in Business Administration and CPA designation in progress. Expertise includes accounts receivable / accounts payable, payroll, monthly financial statements, remittances, audits, and customer service. Adept at using MS Office tools and various financial software, fluent in English, Ukrainian, and Russian. Reputation as a self-directed professional with excellent problem solving, communication, analytical, and time management skills. Works well in challenging, fast-paced, high-stress and deadline-oriented environments individually or as part of a team. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 15 endorsements for Microsoft Office 15 Microsoft Office Darryl Scott and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 12 endorsements for Financial Accounting 12 Financial Accounting Eunice Njoya and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 12 endorsements for Finance 12 Finance Artem Slavko and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,597,370 followers Harvard Business Review 4,098,940 followers CGI 256,842 followers Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,429,200 followers Barbara CorcoranBarbara Corcoran is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-Founder of Barbara Corcoran Venture Partners 799,030 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,180,943 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kaylee has a account Kaylee Bond Healthcare Data Analyst at Moda Health CorVel Corporation Warner Pacific College Portland, Oregon 120 120 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements HIPAA See 18 endorsements for HIPAA 18 HIPAA Leonor Diaz del Castillo and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Healthcare Information Technology See 17 endorsements for Healthcare Information Technology 17 Healthcare Information Technology Leonor Diaz del Castillo and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Software Documentation See 10 endorsements for Software Documentation 10 Software Documentation Leonor Diaz del Castillo and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Moda Health 2,920 followers Healthcare 6,528,306 followers Pulse 1,535,144 followers CorVel Corporation 8,615 followers Legacy Health 14,024 followers Warner Pacific College 5,588 followers See all See all following
More Actions Data has a account Data Analyst Student at Rutgers University School of Law - Newark Rutgers Law School Greater New York City Area 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Rutgers University School of Law - Newark 7,451 followers Rutgers Law School 15,101 followers Pulse 1,535,145 followers Rutgers Law School 15,319 followers
More Actions Sabrina has a account Sabrina Matrullo Data Analyst at Rockstar Games Rockstar Games Ecole de Management de Marseille / Euromed Marseille Paris Area, France 413 413 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Driven, passionate and enthusiastic data analyst with a strong technical background and skillset, enhanced by years optimizing web and mobile apps of any kind (social networks, media, e-commerce) using a variety of tools and technologies. Now working with passion on the groundbreaking pieces of entertainment which are Rockstar games!What I like the most about my job is the unique window it opens on human behavior and the idea of almost endless possibilities data offers to understand human psychology. I aim to deliver the most relevant and meaningful material to tell the story behind games consumption and improve player experience. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Web Analytics See 37 endorsements for Web Analytics 37 Web Analytics Endorsed by Julien Coquet and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Sabrina’s colleagues at Rockstar Games Click and drag to reorder skills Google Analytics See 25 endorsements for Google Analytics 25 Google Analytics Endorsed by Julien Coquet and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sabrina’s colleagues at Rockstar Games Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 20 endorsements for SQL 20 SQL Endorsed by 2 of Sabrina’s colleagues at Rockstar Games Click and drag to reorder skills View 37 more View 37 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Alain Delhaye Co-founder, MyBestPro February 27, 2013, Alain managed Sabrina directly Sabrina is hard-working, trustworthy and reliable besides being pleasant. She can work independently or as part of a team and has many technical and business skills. She is also tenacious and creative when it comes to overcoming complex problems. It is a pleasure to work with her. Fanny Le Beguec Senior Web Analyst June 17, 2014, Fanny was senior to Sabrina but didn’t manage directly Autonomous, mature and full of energy, Sabrina knows perfectly how to manage her time, her schedule and her efforts.She will never face any kind of technological barrier thanks to her interests in continuous learning and her creativity. That's why I never had any doubts about her competence with any clients or about any subjects.Sabrina has a great taste of humour, a vitality and a great personality: that's really a trustworthy person and a competitive advantage in a team. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Fanny Le Beguec Senior Web Analyst January 6, 2015, Fanny was senior to Sabrina but didn’t manage directly Fanny simply is wonderful. Her very technical, flexible and adaptable engineer profile comes with an uncommon sense of business, an amazing customer facing presence, and a real passion for her job and the digital world. When associated to a project, she brings a mine of spot on, valuable ideas she is able to implement in the most economical and technically efficient ways. Beside that, she has a pleasant personnality, she is dedicated, and knows how to build a team around objectives. She is just that someone anyone would appreciate around at the office. Interests Riot Games 105,126 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,180,953 followers Avinash KaushikAvinash Kaushik is a LinkedIn Influencer Author, Blogger, Digital Marketing Evangelist 149,665 followers A/B Testing and Multivariate Testing 6,074 members Ubisoft 228,523 followers Tableau Software 201,727 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ken has a account Ken Cappon Senior Technical Project Manager - Data at Newell Brands Newell Brands Rock Valley College Greater Atlanta Area 425 425 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Ascential, DataStage, SQL, Natural, Mainframe, ETL Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Rock Valley College 15,532 followers SAP Community 412,686 members University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Alumni Association 14,060 members CNO Financial Group: Conseco, Bankers, and Colonial Penn Network 1,290 members University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee - Lubar School of Business 10,242 followers Data Quality and Metadata Management 4,855 members See all See all following
More Actions Rachel has a account Rachel Walla Principal Business Analyst at Capital One Capital One Indiana University - Kelley School of Business Greater Philadelphia Area 286 286 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Skills Teradata Teradata Click and drag to reorder skills SAS SAS Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server Microsoft SQL Server Click and drag to reorder skills R R Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Payam has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Payam Bahreyni, MBA Data Scientist, Business Analyst, Consultant Transforming Businesses through Data Analytics, Seeking Opportunities Statistics Without Borders Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health Kitchener, Ontario, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent * Data analyst, specialized in understanding business requirements and extracting insightsfrom business data* Proficient in using statistical analysis tools and techniques and leveraging data mining, machine learning, and data visualization to analyze large data sets, extract business results and provide actionable recommendations* Fast learner and great communicator with technical and business audience* Looking for my next data analytics challenge at a dynamic team in Kitchener-Waterloo or Toronto area. • Skills: - Statistics, Statistical Modeling - Data Analysis, Data Modeling, Database Management - Data Mining, Machine Learning - Data Visualization - Consulting• Tools: - Excel - SQL and Relational Databases (SQL Server, MySQL,Oracle) - Statistical Software, Data Analysis: R, Python, SPSS - Business Intelligence (BI) & Reporting: Tableau, MicroStrategy - Familiar with Big Data Frameworks: Hadoop (MapReduce), Spark• Signature Personality Themes (from Gallup StrengthsFinder): - Responsibility - Relator - Analytical - Learner - FuturisticContact me at (519) 721-3739 to discuss further. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Payam’s Articles & Activity 2,067 followers Machine Learning Tutorial with R - Titanic Kaggle Competition - Part 3: Model Selection and Tuning Payam Bahreyni, MBA on LinkedIn See 3 more articles Thanks #linkedin for the great client experience. I tried to post a link three times and it was giving me "failed, try later". Then I realise that it was posted three times. I did not expect a website to become as #bad as this when you want to improve the design. I think they fired some back-end developers to hire designers. Maybe in the future you will need to write a code to upload a file because it will be safer but do not worry you will have flash and lots of things jumping in the page to compensate for it and to look pretty. Payam liked If you think Grammarly is just a better spell check, you're missing the point Payam liked If your corporate job posting is a mile long, reads like a legal document or has the words incumbent, other duties as assigned, equivalent experience, ability to lift x number of pounds, etc., you might be doing it wrong. (Hint: it's an advertisement. Save that stuff for the HR drive and write something that speaks to your audience!) Payam liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 101 endorsements for Data Analysis 99+ Data Analysis Endorsed by Flávio Mariano A P Carvalho and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Payam’s colleagues at Communicus, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 55 endorsements for Databases 55 Databases Endorsed by Flávio Mariano A P Carvalho and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Payam’s colleagues at CyraCom Careers Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 72 endorsements for Analysis 72 Analysis Endorsed by Sara Minaeian, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (1) Chris Marin Founder, Convertist.com - SaaS & service outbound lead gen - We're hiring! September 15, 2016, Payam worked with Chris in the same group Payam is a gifted data scientist who views the world through the lense of understanding the actionable business implications that result from his findings. His experience as an operator gives him the unique ability to intuitively ask the most important questions - eg ROI, payback, degree of confidence, etc. - in the background of the machine learning and statistics work that he does. I've worked with Payam in a few capacities after grad school, and cannot speak highly enough of his work. Kacy Doster VP Account Services at Communicus, Inc. July 15, 2015, Kacy was senior to Payam but didn’t manage directly Payam did excellent work for Communicus during his time with us. He came in at a point when we were developing a new set of internal processes, and he helped implement standards and processes within our data systems that ultimately set us up for future success. He is detail-oriented, intelligent, and brings great ideas to the table. He went beyond the pre-defined job description to implement new tools across multiple functions in the organization. On top of that, he's an all-around great guy, very positive, and a pleasure to work with! View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Erica Morey, BS, MBA Business Development, Operations & Strategy March 13, 2017, Payam and Erica were students together Erica was one of my classmates in the Eller MBA program. We have worked on several projects together, including a consulting project with a local company to forecast their daily level of call volume.Erica has a strong attention to detail and a strong passion for learning what was needed to move the team forward. She has strong leadership skills and knows how to deal with uncertainty and ambiguity. She will be an asset to every team she joins. Interests Farhad ManjooFarhad Manjoo is a LinkedIn Influencer Technology Columnist at The New York Times 214,029 followers Economy 15,706,578 followers Manulife 78,007 followers Sortable 832 followers Matthew BishopMatthew Bishop is a LinkedIn Influencer Senior Editor, The Economist Group; co-founder Social Progress Index & #givingtuesday; speaker @ Leading Authorities 79,656 followers Tatvic 704 followers See all See all following
More Actions Achal has a account Achal Shastry Data Analyst with hands-on experience in R, SQL and Excel Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 30 30 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Working with a growing startup company as a data analyst in Analytics domain• Experienced data analyst with the ability to extract, clean and analyse data and derive useful insights through visualisation and reporting • Hands-on experience in R programming, SQL and Excel• Used R extensively in areas such as portfolio analysis, sentiment analysis and machine learning• Published R scripts to DeployR server and integrated their results into web applications• Experience working with structured, unstructured and semi-structured datasets • Very good understanding of Python, Big Data, Hadoop and its eco-system• Self-taught developer with keen interest on Data Science Platform and Big Data Analytics See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests TED: Ideas Worth Spreading - Unofficial 839,093 members Data Science Central 291,504 members India 46,700,928 followers Pulse 1,535,148 followers R Analytics 791 members KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,125 members See all See all following
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew Smith Statistical Reporting Manager- Perr & Knight Perr&Knight Western Connecticut State University Hartford, Connecticut Area 193 193 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a highly skilled Business Analyst and Data Management Executive with extensive experience in managing data feeds and databases, compliance reporting, quality assurance, and statistical reporting, including in connection with multi-line commercial insurance services. I consider myself to be an analytical strategist skilled in successfully managing data management requirements of corporations. I am also a collaborative communicator focused on building relationships to drive positive change and enhanced profitability. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Insurance See 9 endorsements for Insurance 9 Insurance Endorsed by 4 of Matthew’s colleagues at Sparta Insurance Company Click and drag to reorder skills Property & Casualty Insurance See 9 endorsements for Property & Casualty Insurance 9 Property & Casualty Insurance Endorsed by 4 of Matthew’s colleagues at Sparta Insurance Company Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 6 endorsements for Business Analysis 6 Business Analysis Endorsed by Nicholas Floeck, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Matthew’s colleagues at Sparta Insurance Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Washington College 9,370 followers Project One 40,229 followers ISO 6,404 followers R&I Discussion Group 8,597 members Washington College 9,962 followers Aspen Insurance Group 14,163 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kavitha has a account Kavitha Murugesan, Data Analyst Insurance Data Analyst at ALD Re ALD Automotive Dublin Business School Ireland 120 120 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Recently graduated Honours Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics, DBS, Dublin.Honours Bachelors degree in Accounting/ Statistics /Business Law / Income Tax.Post-Graduate Higher Diploma in Information Technology.7+ years experience in the various Multinational Organisation.Good analytical, logic and problem-solving skills.Experienced in both Financial & IT Industry with proven ability to work effectively and meeting deadlines. IT Professional with experience in Analytics Hyperion, Advanced Excel, R, Python, Rapid Miner, Tableau, SQL, Database. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Aon Centre for Innovation and Analytics (ACIA) 4,601 followers IMS MAXIMS 748 followers SolarWinds - Database Performance 9,325 followers daa 13,634 followers Medline Europe 3,813 followers QGIS 10,659 members See all See all following
More Actions Sutapa has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Sutapa Ghosh Manager, Enterprise Risk The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC) Ohio University Frisco, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent EXPERIENCE: Versatile professional with 6 + years of professional experience in managing and leading projects that required very strong understanding of technical strengths as well as business insights and the ability to manage crosss functional teams across geographies.ANALYTICAL SKILLS: Focused problem solver who reviews all relevant data and asks the right questions to identify issues and resolutions.COMMUNICATION: Good listener with strong verbal and written skills who conveys information to people with limited understanding of technical skills in clear, concise terms. •Marketing Segmentation Analytics •Data Analytics •Technical Requirements Analytics •Sales Operational Reporting •Marketing Campaigns •Customer Acquisitions & Strategy Effectiveness •Tableau Dashboard development •Salesforce Data Reporting •Advanced Teradata skills•Metrics development See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (4) Given (0) Bridget Howard Data Architect at Nationwide Insurance November 5, 2012, Sutapa worked with Bridget in the same group Sutapa is a quality-minded individual who is very productive and dedicated to her work. I met Sutapa when she interned with Nationwide and worked with her directly when she later became an employee. She is a very quick learner and soon could handle complex assignments. She also has a postive, upbeat attitude and is a pleasure to work with. Michael Salvagno Sr. Project Manager November 5, 2012, Sutapa worked with Michael in the same group Sutapa is a driven, results oriented analyst. During the project that I worked with her at Nationwide, she asked the right questions, analyzed the data, and came to logical and value driven decisions, both for the immediate and longterm effect. It was a pleasure to work with her at Nationwide. Sutapa was also a team player, got along very well with the team and looked for new opportunities to provide value and assist her co-workers. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Microsoft 3,687,115 followers Capital One Home Loans 4,854 followers CAPITAL ONE CONNECTIONS 9,680 members Ohio University 159,501 followers Sikkim Manipal University of Health, Medical and Technological Sciences 54,291 followers The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC) 24,978 followers See all See all following
More Actions Luong has a account Luong Minh Quan Data Analyst at TIKI Corporation TIKI Corporation Foreign Trade University, HCMC Campus Vietnam 405 405 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent To obtain career in Business Operations, Data fields with challenges and opportunities to develop. Notable features are open-minded with innovation, hard-working attitude, adaptation, good research and analytical skills. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 9 endorsements for Teamwork 9 Teamwork Thanh Danh Le and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining Data Mining No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 1 endorsement for Data Analysis 1 Data Analysis Tinh Nguyen has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Environmental Economics 37,650 members Jonathan RosenbergJonathan Rosenberg is a LinkedIn Influencer High Tech Product Management Executive: Google, Excite@Home, Apple, Dialog. Author of "How Google Works." 180,824 followers Officience 4,121 followers Pulse 1,535,149 followers Asian Development Bank (ADB) 126,844 followers Leadership & Management 24,847,535 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hersey has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Hersey Liu Data Scientist at LinkedIn LinkedIn Northwestern University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Hersey is a data scientist with 5+ years of experience in the tech industry. Her passion lies in helping fast-growing tech companies generate actionable strategies and solve growth challenges with big data. She has extensive experience in product analytics, experimentation, data visualization and machine learning. She also has great passion for VR/AR technology, natural language processing and Edu Tech. Having co-founded of a mobile app company in Silicon Valley, she is also experienced in product development and user acquisition. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Hersey’s Articles & Activity 1,107 followers When AR meets VR Hersey Liu on LinkedIn See 1 more article I started acting like a leader before I knew what it meant to be a leader. You must see it, live it, experience it before you are it. According to Bill Walsh “Winners act like winners before they become winners.” That’s how they become “winners.” Hersey liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area -Provide data science support for key LinkedIn product launches (Learning, Pulse News, Publishing). -Conduct large-scale user behavior deep dives and model building. Provide actionable insights to cross-functional teams (product, engineer, design, business)-Conduct experimentation and A/B testing to guide product feature improvement -Define, automate and evaluate key product metrics; build in-house dashboard and visualizations for daily data monitoring by product and engineer teams. -Build data pipelines and key data sets for exploratory ad hoc analysis, provide daily user behavior insights.-Design tracking schema and product spec prior to product launch. Work closely with engineers to ensure tracking accuracy and data quality. Data Analyst Company Name FUEL451 Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area -Built data analytics solutions from the ground up, including data visualization, ad hoc business intelligence reports and client-facing dashboard.-Delivered data insights that helped the sales team improve business strategies and expanded client base. Insights were extracted through predictive modeling in SAS and R by querying through large datasets with SQL.-Optimized advertising bidding strategies using statistical analysis; Resulted in increases of click-through-rate. -Conducted data quality assurance investigations; Improved the accuracy and efficiency in data processing. Researcher Company Name Independent Research Project with Northwestern Spiegel Research Center Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos -Conducted statistical analysis and built predictive models to improve Rite Aid’s cosmetic sales and media channels. The strategies were presented to Rite Aid management team and received very positive feedback.-Built A/B test using propensity score model, quantified the "short lift" effect and "stocking up" effect of Facebook coupon using regression.-Redefined impulsive & rational cosmetics categories, innovated cross-selling strategies based on segments. Co-founder Company Name Goodo Inc Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location San Francisco Bay Area • Founding member of the angel funded mobile start-up company• Developed product prototypes and strategies; launched two mobile applications in the App Store; Achieved over 100,000 downloads and top rankings globally in six months.• Utilized user data analysis, quantitative and qualitative market research to generate key product and consumer insights and growth hacking strategies.• Optimized user acquisition and retention through marketing strategies in various digital marketing channels. Project Manager Company Name Douban Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Beijing / Shanghai, China -As a founding member of Douban’s business team, established long-term partnerships from the ground level with high-profile Fortune 500 clients (Northface, Puma, Ogilvy etc.).-Drove digital campaign success for over 25 global brands through web data analysis via Google Analytics. Led a team of five to win the silver medal on “McDonald Toy” campaign in 2010 China Advertising Festival. -Led multiple projects collaborating with engineers and designers to develop customized business web applications; attracted on average 10 times more unique users to the campaign sites. See more positions Education Northwestern University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Integrated Marketing Communications with Market Analytics concentration Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Relevant Coursework: -Statistical Research (SPSS, R) -Data management (SAS, R, SQL) -Advanced marketing models (Machine learning, predictive modeling) -Independent research project for Rite Aid client (SAS, R, statistical modeling)-Digital Analytics (Google Analytics, HTML, PHP, Javascript) -Analytics technique (Linear/Logistic Regression, Cluster analysis, Factor analysis, Time series etc.)-Customer Segmentation and Lifetime value (Life time value analysis, Cluster analysis) -Consumer insight (Qualtrics, qualitative market research) -IMC process (Survey design, Frequency-recency-monetary model, segmentation) -Digital innovation Ohio Wesleyan University Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Economic Management, Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: President & Founder: OWU Marketing Group, Vice President: OWU Entrepreneurship Club, Service Project Chair: Circle K International Chinese Culture Club, Model UN, Graduated Magna Cum Laude Volunteer Experience Event Organizer Company Name BEAN Dates volunteered Jan 2011 – Present Volunteer duration 6 yrs 5 mos Cause Social Services • Leader of two major social networking events for Bean, a non-profit organization headquartered in Seattle, attracting hundreds of participants and making monthly donation to charities. District Service Chair Company Name Circle K International Dates volunteered 2006 – 2007 Volunteer duration 1 yr Cause Social Services • Organized one of Ohio’s biggest annual volunteer events, established new partnerships with charities and speakers, and promoted the event at a state level, resulting in 20% increase in participation and donation. Featured Skills & Endorsements Marketing Strategy See 32 endorsements for Marketing Strategy 32 Marketing Strategy Endorsed by 2 of Hersey’s colleagues at Douban Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 27 endorsements for Analytics 27 Analytics Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Hersey’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Marketing See 24 endorsements for Digital Marketing 24 Digital Marketing Esteban Sancho and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Paxton Song COO, FuelX.com August 22, 2014, Paxton was senior to Hersey but didn’t manage directly Hersey has been an outstanding asset despite the short time that she spent with us as a summer intern. She was able to provide input across multiple areas from helping to configure database schemas, to QA'g and reconciling metrics, to conducting ad hoc reporting and regression analysis for the business team. It was impressive to see how quickly Hersey was able to make such an amazing and lasting contribution to our company. Amy Gish Group Engagement Director at Huge November 3, 2011, Amy was a client of Hersey’s Hersey went above and beyond any media partner I've worked with before. She is passionate about Douban and committed to the integrity of its community, and her spot-on recommendations and proposals reflect that. She was a true partner from start-to-end, and worked closely with our team to continually optimize campaigns and ensure their success. Brian Tam Founder of Let's Make Great! 3x TEDx speaker, creator of PROTO December 14, 2012, Hersey worked with Brian but at different companies Brian is a very inspiring and creative individual with unique approaches in coaching. He is talented in making positive influence, pushing limits and releasing potentials. His trainings are refreshing as they are retrospective, and offer a great deal of inspiration to help people open their minds. He is also filled with creative ideas, as well as the passion to transfer them into exciting projects. His energy and skills in coaching has made many important impacts to peoples' career and life. Accomplishments Hersey has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9 Intermediate Python for Data Science Intermediate R Intro to Python for Data Science Introduction to Machine Learning Machine Learning Toolbox Hersey has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Silver Medal of 2010 China Advertising Festival Champion of the Ohio Entrepreneurship & Business Plan Competition Champion of 2008 Burton Morgan business competition Psi Chi psychology national honor society Phi Eta Sigma national honor society Trustee Scholarship Recipient for outstanding academic achievement Hersey has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English French Hersey has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Outrovert Rite Aid Segmentation Analysis of The Popcorn Factory Interests Connected Shanghai 20,767 members Bloomberg 1,150,348 followers Foursquare 25,290 followers China Job, Recruitment, Networking, Business & Investment Opportunities 17,112 members Ohio Wesleyan University 17,314 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,854,079 followers See all See all following
More Actions Damilare has a account Damilare Akande Data Analyst at Asset & Resource Management Company Asset & Resource Management Company (ARM) EC-Council University Nigeria 169 169 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. Skilled in Databases, Management Information Systems (MIS), Microsoft Excel, Business Process Improvement, and Electronic Channels Product Management. I have a background in Computer Science with a Certificate focused in Ethical Hacking and Countermeasures from EC-Council University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Damilare’s Activity 169 followers Stanbic IBTC introduces online account opening service Damilare liked See all activity Experience Data Analyst Company Name Asset & Resource Management Company (ARM) Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Web Portals Officer Company Name First City Monument Bank Limited Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos • Responsible for the development and implementation of electronic collections and payments products to facilitate revenue collection and monitoring for SMEs and Other Financial Institutions• Developed an alternative business model for the bank to partner with Microfinance banks for the extension of electronic channels services to their various customers• Responsible for the implementation and management of the bank’s integration to third party core banking applications for Microfinance Banks to provide e-Channels and Correspondence banking services to their various customers• Design and develop business growth strategies for product penetration and the expansion of the bank’s market share in channels and business process automation solutions• Work with IT/Business automation group of the bank for prompt solution delivery and support of the bank’s in-branch e-collections platform Divisional M.I.S. Officer - Transaction Banking Division Company Name First City Monument Bank Plc Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Developed sales proposals and presentations to guide customers on the most suitable Transaction Banking products for their needsDeepened relationship with customers by going on customer calls with the Sales team with a view to training and resolving pertinent issuesLiaised with relevant stake holders to continuously re-evaluate customer needs and apply results of such evaluation to develop new services on various Transaction Banking platforms.Ensured commissions and fees charged on Transaction Banking platform remained competitive by carrying out consistent Industry analysis to ensure customer satisfaction.Worked consistently to maintain a positive NPS score on Transaction Banking Retail channelsAssisted in Providing first level support to various Transaction Banking teams to ease customer enrollment and usage of Alternate Channels PlatformsAutomated divisional reports by creating reporting templates for the various business units under the divisionDesigned a league table/tracker to measure and reward Account Officer’s performance on POS deployment and usageCreated a method of analyzing FEP downtime reports and also developed a template for monitoring ATM uptime, this template was then used to engage the various stakeholders, thus increasing awareness and Regional ownership of ATMsCarried out market analysis to benchmark the bank’s electronic channels, import and export trade products performance against the entire industry.Applied my knowledge of MS-SQL to every aspect of my activities to ensure data integrity and prompt delivery of reportsDeveloped a divisional Dashboard comprising of performance indices of various business units in the division Business Analyst and Sales Support - Retail Alternate Channels Company Name First City Monument Bank Plc Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Worked in conjunction with the sales team to provide advisory services to Retail Banking customers on the benefits of Alternate Channels with respect to the CBN Cashless Policy Improved customer acquisition through constant training of Sales and Operations staff to enable them provide better service.Assisted the business team in producing tailored proposals and presentations to meet the unique and complex needs of various customers.Leveraged on the use of utilization statistics to improve customer intimacy and retention on Alternate Channel platforms by identifying customers’ areas of interest and tailoring Alternate Channels offerings along those lines.Proactively guarded against revenue leakage by ensuring all income flows are consistently tracked and monitoredMonitored Alternate Channel performance and bench marked same with industry to enable the unit determine peers in the industry and conduct further research on their offerings in a bid to better position our products to suit customer needs.Ensure highest levels of information security by effectively assessing potential risks and ensuring process or product changes to mitigate such risks.Liaised with service providers, IT, Brand Marketing on projects involving Alternate Channels products to ensure all needs are properly communicated and requirements are met at every phase of the project.Ensured channel availability across the ATM, Internet Banking and Mobile Banking platforms to further boost customer satisfaction on these channels IT Officer Company Name Swiss Pharmaceutical Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Developed a sound IT policy document to cover all areas of operation of the company as regards to Information TechnologyOrganized in-house training for staff members on usage various applications e.g MS-Office Suite, SAP Business OneResponded promptly and ensured resolution of various staff complaints while ensuring that issues are resolved within agreed TATCarried out administration of the Windows 2003 Domain network and ensured resources are properly shared while maintaining various levels of access control in a bid to fully exploit the capabilities of the Windows Active Directory.Carried out system upgrades and periodic backup of the organization’s ERP application database, SAP Business OneEnsured periodic preventive maintenance of IT infrastructure as stipulated by the ISO 9001:2000 Quality Management StandardEnsured proper documentation of all departmental activities and diligent tracking of assets thereby making sure assets are effectively allocated based on a user’s requirement to maximize output See more positions Education EC-Council University Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Ethical Hacking and Countermeasures Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 Bowen University, Iwo Osun State Degree Name B. Sc. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Maven School of Interior Design and Decoration See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Troubleshooting See 5 endorsements for Troubleshooting 5 Troubleshooting Olumide Akinyetun and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server Microsoft SQL Server No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Ewallet and Next Generation Mobile Payment Solutions 2,675 members VENTURES AFRICA 365,263 followers e-Banking Product Managers ( digital,mobile and internet banking ) 18,544 members Africa Confidential 166,174 followers Tomasz TunguzTomasz Tunguz is a LinkedIn Influencer Venture Capitalist at Redpoint 278,572 followers SubGroup ICT RECRUITERS/HR/ADMIN/CCom/SALES & MKT 347 members See all See all following
More Actions Nunu has a account Nunu Ladak IT Business Support Advisor at ExxonMobil ExxonMobil The University of Calgary Calgary, Canada Area 200 200 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - 15+ years of experience in Information Technology working for a multinational Oil & Gas company- Leadership and supervisory skills. Highlights Experience IT Business Support Advisor for Fuels & Lubricants Company Name ExxonMobil Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Calgary, Alberta, Canada Team Lead, Desktop Acquisitions & Distribution Company Name ExxonMobil Dates Employed 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs IT Recruitment Coordinator Company Name ExxonMobil Dates Employed 2008 – 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs SMTP Email Administrator Company Name Exxonmobil Dates Employed 2007 – 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Calgary, Canada Area Network Infrastructure/Telcommunications Analyst Company Name ExxonMobil Dates Employed 2005 – 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Calgary, Canada Area See more positions Education The University of Calgary Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Computer Science Featured Skills & Endorsements SharePoint See 7 endorsements for SharePoint 7 SharePoint Susan Carter and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 5 endorsements for Project Management 5 Project Management Susan Carter and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAP See 2 endorsements for SAP 2 SAP Jeannine Adams and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Big Ideas & Innovation 21,854,089 followers Trustwave 24,188 followers Imperial Oil Canada 6,900 followers Emirates 727,700 followers Bulloch Technologies Inc 22 followers WestJet 48,117 followers See all See all following
More Actions Aditi has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Aditi Saluja Data Scientist Ericsson The University of Texas at Dallas Dallas, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Big Data Analyst at Ericsson Inc. Technical Skills:BI software and tools: R, SAS, Tableau, Spotfire, Advanced Excel, Weka, STATA, SPSS, Knime, QlikviewHadoop Technology: MapReduce, Hive, Impala, Cassandra, Spark Databases: MySQL, Oracle, Microsoft Access, Microsoft SQL Server Programming: C, C++, Python, HTML, JavaScript, CSS Utility Software: Microsoft Office, Microsoft Visio, Visual Paradigm SAP: Business Data Warehousing, BEx Designer, BEx Analyzer, Crystal Reports, Xcelsius, Business ObjectsCertification: SAS UT Dallas Graduate Certificate in Business Intelligence and Data Mining See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Big Data Analyst Company Name Ericsson Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Plano •Improvised the existing analytical and data mining tools and formulated innovative Big data solutions•Actively contributed to various Pre- Sales and thought leadership activities pertaining to Big Data Analytics consulting •Organized pre-sales proposals as scrum master for the project management teams •Evaluated Big data solutions and alternatives for clients including products by Ericsson, third party products and open source•Configured end to end architecture on Hortonworks and Cloudera ecosystem•Generated dashboards with quick filters, parameters and sets using Tableau and Spotfire to be presented to clients Education The University of Texas at Dallas Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Information Technology and Management Grade Current GPA : 3.70 Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Shri Vaishnav Institute of Technology and Science Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Universal Academy Volunteer Experience Teacher Company Name Hellen Keller Middle School for the Blind Dates volunteered Aug 2005 – Apr 2008 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 9 mos Cause Social Services I've taught various subjects to the students ranging from Maths, English, Hindi to Science. Featured Skills & Endorsements C++ See 29 endorsements for C++ 29 C++ Endorsed by Nischal Colluru and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Aditi’s colleagues at Ericsson Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 29 endorsements for Databases 29 Databases Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Aditi’s colleagues at Ericsson Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 28 endorsements for SQL 28 SQL Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Aditi’s colleagues at Ericsson Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Pratap Surya Chandar Balraj Experienced Data Analyst at EY September 26, 2015, Aditi and Pratap Surya Chandar were students together I have known Pratap for last 2 years as my project team mate and officer in student organizations. He is an allrounder and great enthusiast in learning new technologies. I have also witnessed his strong leadership qualities and dedication in everything he undertakes. With my professional experience and ability I strongly endorse Pratap for any new project or opportunities. Accomplishments Aditi has 6 projects 6 Expand projects section Projects Advanced Business Intelligence Project for eCRM (Customer Analytics) Brand and Product Social Media Sentiment Analysis and Reporting Data mining from bird strikes data Home Basics Apartment Land trading platform Optical selling portal Aditi has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Dean's Impact Scholarship Ranked 5th in National Level Chess Tournament University Topper in Classical Dance Best Student Aditi has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Aditi has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Ascend UT Dallas Chapter Business Intelligence and Analytics Tool Club Interests Big Data and Analytics 330,668 members The University of Texas at Dallas 96,045 followers The University of Texas at Dallas 106,232 followers Ericsson 988,107 followers Workiva 12,334 followers Microsoft SQL Server Jobs 36,278 members See all See all following
More Actions Ray has a account Ray Burton Data Analyst Virginia SAS Users Group SAS Institute Richmond, Virginia Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent * over 25 years of SAS experience* 10 years of HEDIS Data Analytics experience* 4 1/2 years of Teradata SQLSpecialties: Primary Skills: SAS (vers:82-9.2), SAS/EG, Proc SQL, Macro-SAS, arrays, SCL;HEDIS, healthcare analytics; CPT, ICD-9, HCPCS & NDM codes; commercial, Medicare Advantage & Medicaid data;FTP; Teradata SQL; MS/Office; FORTRAN; JCL; TSO/ISPF; IBM utilitiesSecondary Skills: SAS/AF; SAS/GRAPH; SAS/ASSIST; FSP; SAS/ACCESS; Korn Shell Scripting, DB2; CICS; COBOL;on: Sun; DG; DEC; HP; Burroughs & IBM midrange computers (UNIX; AIX; VAX/VMS);IBM, Amdahl & Hitachi mainframes using MVS & VM/CMS See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ray’s Activity 2,814 followers VetNet RVA - Brian Marley‏ @brianmarley13 Ray shared this B Corp Anthem - B The Change Ray liked Hack 4.21 Using the WAKEUP Function to Put SAS Programs to Sleep Ray liked Learn any of these 16 programming languages and you'll always have a job Ray liked After 30+ years living in Virginia, I am heading south to Atlanta and joining the amazing folks who run the Georgia Lottery! I look forward to adding to contributing to this well run lottery. For those who are curious, Georgia Lottery proceeds fund; -tuition grants, scholarships or loans to undergraduate college students -the Georgia Pre-kindergarten Program for all four-year-olds -capital outlay projects including computer and other technological upgrades for schools, technical institutes, colleges and universities in the state Ray commented https://lnkd.in/eK8QJwv Big Red Rules -- rules for living a stress free and productive life. Today we discuss Values and Debutantes. #values #debutantes Ray liked See all activity Experience Treasurer Company Name Virginia SAS Users Group Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Richmond, Virginia Area Virginia SAS Users Group (VaSUG). is a non-profit organization run by volunteers united by our passion for creating solutions using SAS software. Our mission is to encourage the sharing of ideas and explore ways of using SAS software for the benefit of mankind. SAS Data Analyst Company Name . Dates Employed May 1984 – Present Employment Duration 33 yrs 1 mo Location Richmond, Virginia Area Volunteer Company Name RVA Career Expo Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Richmond, Virginia Area Merchandising Associate (Lawn & Garden Specialist) Company Name The Home Depot Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Richmond, Virginia Area Member of Garden/Seasonal Department.Assist in Hardware, Plumbing, Electrical, Millwork, Lumber and Construction DepartmentsFormerly Inventory Analysis Associate in Pack Down Department. SAS Consultant (Data Analyst) Company Name Strategic Staffing Solutions Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Richmond, Virginia Area Client: Capital One, Richmond, Va., Westcreek Campus(see Capital One below) See more positions Education SAS Institute Field Of Study SAS/Enterprise Miner Grade n/a Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2008 NESUG Field Of Study Macro SAS; healthcare claims analysis Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2005 John Tyler Community College Field Of Study SAS, MS/DOS, Windows, dBase IV Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1989 See more education Volunteer Experience Hall Monitor Company Name RVA Career Expo Dates volunteered Oct 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 8 mos I assisted candidates seeking locations of recruiters.I helped recruiters/employers setting up their displays prior to opening.I helped recruit employers to attend the Expo. Volunteer with CARITAS homeless ministry Company Name First Baptist Church of Richmond Dates volunteered Nov 2011 – Present Volunteer duration 5 yrs 7 mos Cause Social Services I help clean the dining area before and after meals. Career Expo volunteer Company Name Career Prospectors Dates volunteered Oct 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 8 mos I assisted during the Expo with a variety of tasks as needed.I helped recruit employers to attend the Expo. Featured Skills & Endorsements SAS See 102 endorsements for SAS 99+ SAS Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ray’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 59 endorsements for Data Analysis 59 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Ray’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills SAS programming See 55 endorsements for SAS programming 55 SAS programming Endorsed by Jim Groeneveld and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ray’s colleagues at US Navy Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (10) Given (3) Logan Bragg Partner at Triumph Services August 1, 2011, Logan managed Ray directly I hired Ray as a SAS Consultant to one of my clients. He was hired immediately after his first interview and has done a wonderful job. The client has been more than pleased with the work that Ray has done. He came iin as a SAS Analyst and has performed well above his expectations. Ray has been an excellent consultant to work with! Wade Burger VAMMIS Systems Manager at ACS, a Xerox Company August 1, 2011, Wade was a client of Ray’s I would like to take this opportunity to recommend Ray Burton as a candidate for a position with your organization. Ray was a contractor who served as the SAS Administrator for our account from January 2011 through August 2011. Rays technical knowledge of SAS is excellent. He is also a team player, doing whatever was necessary to get the job done. This would include working many late nights and long weekends. I would recommend Ray for a position with your company. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Rick Kaerwer PMP IT Project Support/Primavera Administration at Molina Healthcare August 12, 2011, Rick worked with Ray in the same group Rick is a multi-faceted professional with a generous amount of project management experience to bring to the table. I would not hesitate to work with or for Rick on any project. Rick's business and personal ethics are beyond reproach. Nagesh Juluru Senior Consultant at Qualex Consulting Services, Inc. July 28, 2011, Ray was senior to Nagesh but didn’t manage directly Nagesh and I worked together on the HEDIS Reporting team. He is a dedicated, hard-working SAS analyst and an excellent programmer. He concentrated on the complex needs of the team in a difficult environment. Nagesh is eager to learn new technologies. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Ray has 20 organizations 20 Expand organizations section Organizations Scottish-American Military Society Scottish Society of Richmond Career Prospectors Needles Eye Ministries Homeless Mission, First Baptist Church (Richmond, Virginia) VMI Scottish Alumni Group Virginia SAS Users Group Rover Owners Association of Virginia Clan Campbell Society of North America Garnett Andrews VMI Alumni Chapter of Chattanooga and Huntsville Ray has 6 languages 6 Expand languages section Languages English FORTRAN German SAS SQL Spanish Ray has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Homer Award - Bronze Associate of the Month District 149 Award for Excellence Career Readiness Certificate - Gold Interests Wells Fargo Home Mortgage 57,970 followers ATR International 4,100 followers SAS Opportunities 13,561 members Health Services Advisory Group, Inc. (HSAG) 1,991 followers DataOne Software 1,252 followers Cornerstone RPO 2,507 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kavitha has a account Kavitha Murugesan, Data Analyst Insurance Data Analyst at ALD Re ALD Automotive Dublin Business School Ireland 120 120 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Recently graduated Honours Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics, DBS, Dublin.Honours Bachelors degree in Accounting/ Statistics /Business Law / Income Tax.Post-Graduate Higher Diploma in Information Technology.7+ years experience in the various Multinational Organisation.Good analytical, logic and problem-solving skills.Experienced in both Financial & IT Industry with proven ability to work effectively and meeting deadlines. IT Professional with experience in Analytics Hyperion, Advanced Excel, R, Python, Rapid Miner, Tableau, SQL, Database. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Kavitha’s Activity http://www.peoplesource.ie/jobs/quantity-surveyor/ Kavitha shared this Pleased to announce CitySwifter are hiring in our Galway and Longford offices. Looking to grow our current team with mission-driven engineers and creative marketers to enable successful international scale of CitySwifter's technology. If you are interested in solving a real-world problem or know anyone who might be, please apply through the below link: Software Engineer - https://lnkd.in/dkjhKcT Marketing - https://lnkd.in/dsMkvp6 Kavitha liked See all activity Experience Insurance Data Analyst Company Name ALD Automotive Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Dublin Data Analyst Company Name Huddl Mobility Limited Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Dublin Working with a variety of raster and vector geo data in a variety of standard formats, including the ESRI geodatabase. Modifying data, applying different geoprocessing tools. Employing both tabular and spatial selections and queries. Implement geospatial/statistical analysis and visualizations. Financial Assistant Company Name Sentenial - Better Payments Dates Employed 2014 – 2014 Employment Duration less than a year Location Maynooth Maintaining Management Accounts Receivable and Billing procedures to completion of the month end process, and posting entries to Sage. Review sales contracts to compliance with revenue recognition policies and procedures. Support the preparation and analysis of financial data for collections to Senior Manager. Financial Data Analyst Company Name Sun Healthcare Group Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Albuquerque, New Mexico Area, United States of America Worked in Oracle Hyperion Products.Responsible for the budgeting and financial analysis for the entire corporation. Works with the Director, Financial Manager and temporary help to complete the budgets for all subsidiaries with-in the company. Work independently to make sure that all assigned tasks are done. Responsible for maintenance functionality of the budgeting system. Providing remote support to budget access. Accounts Resource Manager Company Name IBM Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Blanchardstown, Dublin, Ireland Ensure all Resource management tools are maintained, managed and updated daily basis.Provide input to relevant key senior management meetings regarding roles and demand.Screen the internal candidates from UK, Ireland and India for availability for next target position based on salary, title, and location etc. Removal of users, assign and update database depend on management request.Attending regular meeting and UK /calls with senior managers to cover fulfilment status and requirment. See more positions Education Dublin Business School Degree Name Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics, Dublin Field Of Study Data Analysis Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Statistics for Data Analysis • Descriptive Statistics • R programming • Inferential Statistics • Regression AnalysisDatabases & Business Applications• Analysis, ER diagram, Testing and Implementation• Relational Databases - SQLTools for Data Analysis• Excel • RProgramming for Big Data• Python• Hadoop • MapReduceData Warehousing and Business Intelligence• Star Schema, ETL, Data WranglingAdvanced Data AnalyticsData & Web Mining• Predictive Data mining, Descriptive Data mining, Pattern mining & Anomaly Detection• Association Rule mining, Nearest Neighbour, Decision Tree classifier & k-means.• Artificial Neural Networks , Timeseries in Tableau, RapidMinerData Communication and Visualization• Tableau• HTML• Javascript• D3 Annamalai University Degree Name Postgraduate in IT Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2009 Ethiraj College For Women Degree Name BA Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 7 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 7 Microsoft Excel Eduards Vanags and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 7 endorsements for Databases 7 Databases Endorsed by 2 of Kavitha’s colleagues at Huddl Mobility Limited Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 6 endorsements for Microsoft Office 6 Microsoft Office Galina Lopez and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kavitha has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications MTA: Database Fundamentals - Certified 2016 SQL: Database Administration Fundamentals Oracle Certified Profession Oracle HFM, FDQM, Essbase & Smartview Tally Graduate Kavitha has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Tamil Kavitha has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Hyperion Interests Tableau Software 201,746 followers Maynooth University 5,264 followers SolarWinds - Database Performance 9,325 followers Data Analytics(Dublin Business School) 40 members Bridj 606 followers AXA 384,722 followers See all See all following
More Actions Maria has a account Maria Kola Working as a Data Analyst IA Sinopsis Ltd University of Cyprus Cyprus 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Maria’s Articles 597 followers Αγωνιώ και παλεύω για... Maria Kola on LinkedIn Publish dateMay 9, 2016 See 1 more article Υποψήφια Βουλευτής Επαρχίας Λευκωσίας Μάης 2016 Maria Kola on LinkedIn Publish dateApril 30, 2016 Experience Data Analyst and Client Sales & Service Executive Company Name IA Sinopsis Ltd Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Cyprus Project Management on various projects.Data analysis and custom research based on the needs of the project,Supporting clients by assisting help through phone or by providing training to them. General Assistant Company Name Epsilon Consulting Ltd Dates Employed May 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Cyprus General assisting on a daily basis. Making copies, typing documents and assisting in office administrative topics. Content Manager Company Name RTD Talos Ltd Dates Employed May 2011 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Cyprus Content Management on different projects. Manager of ISO Certification Company Name Technoplastics LTD Dates Employed May 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Cyprus Creating documents for the factory's production line according to ISO 9001. Responsible for Health and Safety issues at work. Call Center Company Name Insights Market Research Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Engomi, Cyprus Call Center specialized on phone polls. See more positions Education University of Cyprus Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Chess Club, Erasmus Students Club Lyceum of Paliometocho Degree Name Apolytirion Field Of Study Engineering Physics/Applied Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Photography Club, European Issues Club, Dance Club, Music Club Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 29 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 29 Microsoft Excel Ben Samuel and 28 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 29 endorsements for Management 29 Management Elias Pilakoutas and 28 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 27 endorsements for Matlab 27 Matlab Ben Samuel and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Ivan Sorkin Digital Marketing for Legal Professionals in Cyprus March 22, 2016, Maria was a client of Ivan’s This guy created my organization's website and I am really happy about it. He was very flexible to make the changes we have requested in a short period of time. Also he and his team were really patient with my team, because we needed time to take a decision when something was coming up. The website runs perfectly and it is youth friendly as we wanted it to be. Shenna Sanchez Project Coordinator at Friends of the Earth Europe March 10, 2016, Shenna worked with Maria in the same group Shenna is very honest and excellent in whatever she does. During our collaboration we had great communication and she is very cooperative. Her organizational skills helped her a lot at her previous position because she needed to manage several issues on different levels at the same time. Also, in the period of our cooperation she showed prudence and eagerness and distinguished for her efficiency. Accomplishments Maria has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French German Maria has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Young Cyprus Greens Young Cyprus Greens Cyprus Youth Council Maria has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects CampusCy Opptrack Maria has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Social Norms, Social Change I Interests Urban Science 6,482 followers TNW 268,411 followers National Geographic 1,046,341 followers BuroHappold Engineering 40,193 followers TED Conferences 5,361,234 followers Entrepreneur Media 1,639,587 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rahul Mishra has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Rahul Mishra (Senior Business Analyst) I'm available immediately for new project anywhere in US. HSBC College for Financial Planning Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • An innovative and dynamic Business Analyst/Data analyst with 12 years of experience in business process analysis/modeling, business requirements gathering, and development of Web Based applications.• In depth knowledge of front office, middle office and back office of Hedge Funds, Fund of funds, Portfolio Management, Asset Management, Brokerage Institutions etc.• Expertise in capital markets with extensive experience in Equities, Fixed Income Instruments, Derivatives (CDO, CDS, SWAP’s) ETF’s, Underwriting, Insurance, Futures, Options, Mutual funds, Forex transactions and securities.• Experienced in performing Business Process Reengineering/Gap Analysis to check the compatibility of the existing system infrastructure with the new business requirements.• Experienced in translating the business requirements into use cases using various external tools.• Highly proficient in preparing Business Requirement documents (BRD), Functional Requirement Documents (FRD), User Requirement Document (URD).• Expertise in gathering business and technical requirements from both formal and informal sessions utilizing a variety of software tools.• Expert data collection, cleansing, validation, analysis, and reporting. Extract, analyze data from various sources, including databases, manual files, and external websites.• Expert communicator and involved in high interaction with variety of audiences (PMs, technical specialists, developers, architects, SMEs.• Developed /maintained all project communication deliverables including roadmap, planning list, change request, timeline, budget, scope and requirements.• Created and published regularly scheduled and/or ad hoc reports as needed. Documented reporting requirements, process and validate data components as required.• Strong communication skills when working with developers, project managers, subject-matter experts, stakeholders, system implementers, and application end-users.Specialties: Expertise in capital markets with extensive experience in Equities, Fixed Income Instruments, Derivatives (CDO, CDS, SWAP’s) ETF’s, Underwriting, Insurance, Futures, Options, Mutual funds, Forex transactions and securities. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Business Analyst Company Name HSBC Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Business Analyst Company Name Citi Group Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Business Analyst Company Name HSBC Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Business Analyst (Portfolio Risk Management) Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Business Analyst Company Name Nomura Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Mar 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area See more positions Education College for Financial Planning Degree Name MS Field Of Study Finance St. Xavier's Field Of Study Information Technology Featured Skills & Endorsements Fixed Income See 76 endorsements for Fixed Income 76 Fixed Income Abdul Vajith S and 75 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 73 endorsements for Business Analysis 73 Business Analysis Endorsed by Brian Kedersha and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Vendor Management See 58 endorsements for Vendor Management 58 Vendor Management Endorsed by Ramesh Anumolu, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rahul Mishra has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Interests Business Analyst forum [BA forum] 89,587 members InsPro Technologies 1,073 followers College for Financial Planning 16,701 followers Business Analysts 139,841 members Business Analyst Professional 165,780 members COMSYS 7,529 followers See all See all following
More Actions Shanthi Marie Alexis has a account Shanthi Marie Alexis - Data Analyst Data Analyst - Managing data since 2001 for CRM and Advertising companies; and Insurance and Banking institutions. SYNCREON National College of Ireland Selangor, Malaysia 197 197 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Armed with 15 years of experience in data retrieval, data cleansing, data deduplication, data profiling and reporting. To make the wholesome near to perfect package, I come in-built with over 8 years of application development, troubleshooting, user support and project management. I have used Business Intelligence tools i.e. Hyperion Essbase, Oracle Discoverer, MS SQL B.I.'s (SPSS, SPAS, SPRS), MS CRM Dynamics and many more easy to access must haves in my data exploration and reporting (Tableau, RapidMiner, SAS, R, MS Excel, MS Access, Crystal Report to name a few new to old technology).I have loved data ever since I started my major in Management Information Systems in 2000 and haven't looked back since. In my career , I have found data management for the various industries an exciting way to expand my knowledge in cultural differences and domain expertise; all while getting paid (read as getting paid to learn). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Application Developer Company Name SYNCREON Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Application Development and Support Software Engineer Company Name HTC Global Services Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Maybank Investment Bank, Malaysia Specially hired to automate financial reporting and budget planning using MS Excel, MS Powerpoint and MS Word. Required extensive VBA macro coding for automated pivoting, filtering , re-classification and chart creation. Software Engineer Company Name BT Global Services Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Senior Software Engineer for rPACS team developing PL/SQL business logic for one of the more robust system I have seen yet. Executive Company Name Maybank Shared Services Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Project team in implementing the Hyperion Essbase Business Intelligence Reporting tool for business users to report to Bank Negara Malaysia (Malaysian's Financial Institutions' Statutory Board). Software Engineer Company Name Epicor Software Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Damansara, Kuala Lumpur Business Logic developer for Senior Living Solution (SLS) component of the Epicor framework using Openedge/Progress4GL.Developed the Statement of Account Reporting module.Involvement extended into Technical documentation and Unit Testing. See more positions Education National College of Ireland Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Data Analytics Grade 2nd Class Honours Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Hands-On experience in the field of study includes:Datawarehouse and Business Intelligence Design and Reporting (SPSS, SAS, Python, R)Advance Data MiningData Visualization (Tableau, RapidMiner)Customer Relationship Business Intelligence Application & Reporting (MS CRM Dynamics)Management in Organization Media (2) This position has 2 media Advance Data Mining : Clustering Methodology Advance Data Mining : Clustering Methodology This media is a video Tableau Data Visualization Project : Leeds Potholes Data Analysis Tableau Data Visualization Project : Leeds Potholes Data Analysis This media is a video University Of Technology Malaysia Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Management Information Systems, General Grade 2nd Class Honours Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Computer Science (Major in Management Information Systems) Sekolah Menengah Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Kajang Degree Name Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia Field Of Study Biology/Biological Sciences, General Grade Grade 1 Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Debate Team, English Language Society, Science Society, Red Cross Volunteer Experience Pro bono volunteer Company Name FoodCloud Dates volunteered Nov 2015 – Nov 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Food Cloud is an amazing initiative to make good on food that can be used that may be wasted. This is done by redistributing food from hypermarkets to societies and homes that need it. An excellent way to practice a less wasteful lifestyle. I am humbled and so very happy to have the opportunity to asist with the initiative of this company. Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 12 endorsements for Business Analysis 12 Business Analysis Prashant Kandhare and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 12 endorsements for Project Management 12 Project Management Prashant Kandhare and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Office 10 Microsoft Office Prashant Kandhare and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Shanthi Marie Alexis has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Malay Interests David MarcusDavid Marcus is a LinkedIn Influencer Head of Messenger @ Facebook 273,300 followers Allen Recruitment Consulting 15,639 followers Tableau Software 201,748 followers CIT 29,716 followers Intel Corporation 879,854 followers EirGen Pharma 4,300 followers See all See all following
More Actions Grace has a account Grace Tang Advanced Risk & Compliance Analytics Associate at PwC PwC DePaul University Chicago, Illinois 495 495 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Advanced Risk & Compliance Analytics Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Chicago Career Center EDGE Program Assistant Company Name DePaul University Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater Chicago Area ▪ Schedule and conduct focus groups with EDGE members to evaluate program effectiveness ▪ Create and send out online surveys to EDGE members and supervisors▪ Prepare quarterly analysis based on focus groups and survey results ▪ Assist with program activities, workshops, and projects▪ Provide administrative support when needed RCSA Data Analytics Intern Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Chicago Area ▪ Provided analytical testing, analytics transformation and tool and dashboard development for clients’ decision making by using ACL, R, SQL Server, Tableau and Spotfire, ect.▪ Created hospitality analysis manual for compliance audit analytics guide.▪ Accomplished 2015 RCSA Data Competition and presented the business problem, data analysis result, target client and proposed solution to national team. Help Desk Support Analyst Company Name Covisint Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Shanghai City, China ▪ Provided computer users with technical support on a variety of issues relating to operating systems, software, hardware, peripherals and sign on.▪ Monitored, processed and resolved problems that had been reported through voice mail, e-mail and the intranet.▪ Worked on managing service desk, EDI transactions and automotive chain. Merchandise Staff & Quick Service Food and Beverage Staff Company Name Walt Disney World Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Orlando, Florida Area ▪ Demonstrated and sold merchandise in indoor and outdoor areas; Cash handling-manual and used computerized registers▪ Created surprise and Magic Moments, and got eight “You Make a Difference” Cards.▪ Sold food and beverages at indoor restaurant; Took and filled orders, multi-tasking.▪ Serviced the counter; Controlled crowds and arranged tables. Education DePaul University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Predictive Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Predictive Analytics Group at DePaul, Kellstadt Marketing Group, Graduate Women in Business at DePaul Macau University of Science and Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Tourism and Event Management Grade 3.64 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Faculty of Hospitality and Tourism Management Students' Association Graduated with Academic Honors: Excellent student on Dean’s Honor List for Outstanding Academic Performance Volunteer Experience Event reception Company Name The Venetian® Macao-Resort-Hotel Dates volunteered Mar 2012 – Jun 2012 Volunteer duration 4 mos Cause Science and Technology Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 21 endorsements for Microsoft Office 21 Microsoft Office Endorsed by 5 of Grace’s colleagues at DePaul University Click and drag to reorder skills PowerPoint See 21 endorsements for PowerPoint 21 PowerPoint Endorsed by 4 of Grace’s colleagues at DePaul University Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 20 endorsements for Data Analysis 20 Data Analysis Endorsed by Chenxing(Ruby) Xie, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Grace’s colleagues at DePaul University Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Grace has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Data Analysis Customer Relationship Management Data Analysis and Regression Database for Analytics Decision in Marketing Management Introduction to Programming Knowledge Discovery Technologies Grace has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications SAS Certified Statistical Business Analyst Using SAS 9: Regression and Modeling SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9 Grace has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Grace has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Predicted Increase in Obese Population in New York City Multiple Regression Analysis - Factors Affecting the Housing Value in Boston Grace has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Excellent student on Dean’s Honor List for Outstanding Academic Performance Grace has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Depaul Predictive Analytics Group Interests Purdue University 308,082 followers 澳門科技大學 3,934 followers SapientRazorfish 139,802 followers FlexTek Resources 5,515 followers McKinsey & Company 1,368,414 followers PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC US) 81,081 members See all See all following
More Actions Yinka has a account Yinka Badejo Snr. BI Business/Data Analyst/PM AT&T Yaba College of Technology Greater Atlanta Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Yinka Badejo is an energetic, solution oriented I.T professional with over 13years of professional experience. She is a good team player with I.T. Business development and data analysis in a telecommunication background and possesses excellent written and oral communication skills. She possesses a very strong business and analytical skill-sets.Specialties: Lead within a five member teamLiaison between Service desk and team members as well as Management See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Snr Business Analyst (Business Intelligence) Company Name AT&T Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Atlanta Area • Analyze each project scope of work to identify changes with enhancement to ordering system.• Analyze new or existing objects from various ordering system database using SQL to generate the statement to and within the BI environment to be use by business reporting purpose.• Provides guidance and training to newly employed and junior analysts. • Facilitate working sessions with internal application team to review Business/System requirement Documents.• Upload Completed Business and System Requirement documents into Reqpro (Central Management tool) for review, update, base lining and for Documentation in lieu of future use and auditing.• Document and Prepare Business Requirement Analysis by gathering requirement from the client (Finance and billing App, device etc) using various sources and tool, ie interview, user stories/case study, Change Request, JRD, review sessions.• Analyze all impacted System and prepare System Requirement and trace to the necessary BR• Document and prepare Data Mapping documents using SQL to analyze data in the database (Hyperion environment)• Data Analysis of sales vs ordering in the BI environment for forecasting.• Data Analysis for existing data history of sales on equipment in the BI environment with calculations from databases.• Provide Subject Matter expertise in the area of business intelligence, data integration and reporting. • Review potential changes from upstream (source) to reporting data warehouse for future client functional or operational impacts and use.• Maintain data integrity from upstream (source) to downstream (dashboards)apps while sourcing for data gaps from source to target.• Review Requirement with client, Data Architect or Data Strategy and project team for comprehensive document.• Identify BI application resources based on team skill-sets for overall implantation of project and successful delivery.• Estimate hours needed per resources on each project to calculate financial budget of the project. BI Business/Data/System Analyst Company Name T-Mobile Dates Employed 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Atlanta, Ga Provides 24/7 Service Desk data, system and business support to businessParticipated in various projects from inception phase to production in both Teradata, Oracle and SQL Server environmentPersistent session to mediate on various project between business stake-holders, business users and developerProject Management with sessions and session walk-through to make sure all necessary scripts and steps are well documented and implemented right on deployment date.Production for SAS environment on user access, issue troubleshooting and general support Data Warehouse Application Support Analyst Company Name T-Mobile Dates Employed Feb 2007 – May 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area • Provide subject matter expertise in the area of business intelligence, data integration and reporting.• Review potential changes to production environment for functional or operational impacts.• Proactively monitor and ensure application stability of the operational systems as well as maintain the integrity of the data they contain• Assist in determining the impact of operational issues and provide input into their resolution.• Maintain cross-business responsibilities by providing end-user support to multiple organizations within the company when issues arise• Persistent Sessions to meditate on various projects Feith business stake holders, users ,developers and PMs• On-call rotation to support operational issues.• Provide technical leadership for application management and support during all phases (Inception, Design, Development, Test, Deployment) of project development.• Coordinate the above listed project phases from start to conclusion for application support.• Act as team lead to make sure the service desk are full aware of proactive duties while transferring knowledge where necessary, in the area of monitoring, capacity management and customer/user inquiries satisfaction.• Mentor and acted as a team player with information technical transfer within the business intelligence with resulted in continued technical growth and advancement.• Identifying potential improvement and applied it to the department as it relates to business intelligence, information management and data integration.- Present potential changes to the system on Change Management/Release Board and potentially deploy the changes for enhancement, new opportunity, etc.--Participate in various project deployments from inception to production.--Acted a s Project manager during various project phases Data/Business Analyst Company Name Softedge Inc Dates Employed May 2003 – Jan 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area • Meeting with end users to gather information for business requirement.• Developed the workflow diagram of integrating the new business functions into the legacy system using Visio activity diagram.• Documented Use Case documents and technical architecture of the application using UML notations and recommended the use of Rational Unified Process (RUP) for technical design.• Performed data Modeling for business processes and system requirements using the UML notation on Rational Rose showing various diagrams like class diagram, entity relationship, sequence diagram and activity diagram to display workflow logics for current processes and future integration.• Interpreted the data requirement of the application to developers using Erwin• Downloading Suppliers list from Global Supplier listing into Oracle and sometimes assist Requestors to set up suppliers.• Expert at Support Central community and solving the issues logged by Requestors.• Responsible for following up with AP team, regarding issues logged by requestors. Researching AP system and working on reject and unmatched Invoices.• Responsible for making sure suppliers issues are solved. • Creating T &amp;L Report Monthly. Data Analyst Company Name Softedge Inc Dates Employed May 2003 – Jan 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Meeting with end users to gather information for business requirement.Developed the workflow diagram of integrating the new business functions into the legacy system using Visio activity diagram.Documented Use Case documents and technical architecture of the application using UML notations and recommended the use of Rational Unified Process (RUP) for technical design.Performed data Modeling for business processes and system requirements using the UML notation on Rational Rose showing various diagrams like class diagram, entity relationship, sequence diagram and activity diagram to display workflow logics for current processes and future integration.Interpreted the data requirement of the application to developers using ErwinDownloading Suppliers list from Global Supplier listing into Oracle and sometimes assist Requestors to set up suppliers.Expert at Support Central community and solving the issues logged by Requestors.Responsible for following up with AP team, regarding issues logged by requestors. Researching AP system and working on reject and unmatched Invoices.Responsible for making sure suppliers issues are solved. Creating T &amp;L Report Monthly. See more positions Education Yaba College of Technology Degree Name Higher National Diploma (HND) Field Of Study Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1995 Yaba College of Technology Degree Name National Diploma (ND) Field Of Study Business Administration; Computing and Information technology Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1995 Volunteer Experience Business and Event Coordinato Company Name Events Unlimited "De Banquet" Dates volunteered Feb 2006 – Feb 2006 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Modeling See 26 endorsements for Data Modeling 26 Data Modeling Endorsed by 3 of Yinka’s colleagues at AT&T Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 26 endorsements for Databases 26 Databases Endorsed by John Peter, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Yinka’s colleagues at AT&T Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 21 endorsements for Data Warehousing 21 Data Warehousing Endorsed by John Peter, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Yinka’s colleagues at AT&T Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Jason McGee USPS (Consultant) May 18, 2012, Yinka was senior to Jason but didn’t manage directly Yinka trained me after I started with T-Mobile. She knows what she is doing, is well rounded and is a Team Player. Jeff Tharp Account Manager at Crystal Equation January 30, 2013, Yinka was a client of Jeff’s Jeff is on point and he will get you to the potential client as well as get you the job. He is patient and passionate in getting you what fits your position. Pradeep Kumar Dobhal Project Manager at Ericsson May 19, 2012, Pradeep Kumar worked with Yinka in the same group Pradeep was a team player and always ready to help in whatever way he can. He is very technical too and a self starter. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Yinka has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Oracle8 DBA Certified Professional Interests BreakFront Software 169 followers Fast Company 837,166 followers Robert E. MoritzRobert E. Moritz is a LinkedIn Influencer Global Chairman PricewaterhouseCoopers Int. at PwC 246,440 followers Green Business 10,533,114 followers Apparel & Fashion 3,071,886 followers Deutsche Telekom 11,585 members See all See all following
More Actions Martynas has a account Martynas Sirius Junior Data Analyst at Dunnes Stores Dunnes Stores National College of Ireland Ireland 28 28 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the retail & eCommerce industry. Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis, Business Statistics, Data Visualization, Sales and Retail. Strong business development professional with a focus in Data Analytics with a Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics from National College of Ireland. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Junior Data Analyst Company Name Dunnes Stores Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos • Responsible for report design, creation and maintenance• Manipulating data from various multiple sources: data warehouses (Oracle BI), Google Analytics, email marketing platform• Suggestion on how to optimise online store conversion, reduce abandonment rate for individual online store departments and brands• Tracking and reporting performance at brand, category and product level, Click & Collect service in retail stores Ecommerce Manager Company Name Louis Copeland and Sons Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location County Dublin, Ireland • Managed and created the website content: product selection, descriptions, merchandising, cross sales and linking products• Prepared and implemented a Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) strategy for the website• Monitored and reported on KPI's, conversions rates, visitor numbers, using Google Analytics • Dedicated content helped monetize & capture new leads (for our retail stores) from ROPO• Striving to constantly improve the sites technical and design features, often working closely with third party developers and testing new features• Multistage email remarketing helped recover lost revenue (customers who abandoned shopping cart) • Used Google webmaster tools to monitor and improve our SEO campaigns • Managed testing plans and reported any technical issues relating to the website• Worked closely with the agency to improve online advertising (display ads, remarketing, PPC (Pay per click) campaigns• Created & implemented marketing campaigns for display ads, remarketing, newsletters, abounded shopping cards• Managed stakeholders both internal and external to deliver the eCommerce strategy• Managed orders, delivery suppliers (organise & managed dispatch from 4 stores), returns, complaints and also fraud • Worked closely with the Managing Director to plan and relay the progress of the eCommerce strategy • Monitored competitor activity on an ongoing basis. Ecommerc Executive Company Name Louis Copeland and Sons Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 6 mos Location County Dublin, Ireland Senior Sales Assistant Company Name Hugo Boss Dundrum Dates Employed Apr 2005 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Coulin Dublin, Ireland • Continuously monitored sales figures and stock levels• Daily cash management, reconciliations and banking• Sales, follow-up calls with customers, post-sale service, regularly surpassed sales targets• Visual merchandising, creating appealing displays in store to boost sales and building window displays from plans provided by Hugo Boss in Germany• Introduced the loyalty card to the group of stores, worked closely with third party developers (technical suggestions, implementation and staff training) Education National College of Ireland Degree Name Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics Field Of Study Data Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 - Data Analytics - Business Data Analysis- Advanced Business Data Analysis- Programming for Big Data- Data and Web Mining- Business Analysis and Problem Solving Techniques- DatabasesFull module descriptions:http://courses.ncirl.ie/index.cfm/page/course/courseId/2372 University of Applied Science, Vilnius, Lithuania Degree Name Profession bachelor in Apparel Technologies Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Skills Data Analysis Data Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Google Analytics Google Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills Web Analytics Web Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Martynas has 12 certifications 12 Expand certifications section Certifications Advanced Google Analytics Ecommerce Analytics: From Data to Decisions Google Tag Manager Fundamentals Google Analytics Certificate (Individual) Big Data Analytics with Tableau Data Analytics: Hands On Google AdWords Certificate (Individual) ECDL Image Editing ECDL Web Editing Google Tag Manager Fundamentals Martynas has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Lithuanian Russian Martynas has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Digital Marketing by Digital Marketing Institute Online Marketing & Social Media by Sure Skills Interests Avinash KaushikAvinash Kaushik is a LinkedIn Influencer Author, Blogger, Digital Marketing Evangelist 149,668 followers Dataiku 4,395 followers Google Analytics 114,134 members Kaggle 30,757 followers Tableau Software 201,751 followers Pulse 1,535,154 followers See all See all following
More Actions Henry has a account Henry VanWye, Systems Engineer, Data Analyst Systems Engineering: Mathematical / Statistical Sensor Signal Processing / Data Analysis Halliburton - Preferred upstream service company for the development of global oil and gas assets. Oklahoma State University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 145 145 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Henry VanWyeRichardson, TX 75081972-822-0125henry.vanwye@gmail.comSYSTEMS ENGINEER - SIGNAL PROCESSOR - DATA ANALYST Systems Engineer with core strengths of signal processing and data analysis to evaluate and display a sensor / system's performance. A proven track record developing algorithms for a high technology defense contractor's customer requirements. Selected Career Accomplishments:• ALGORITHM DEVELOPMENT - Created real-time spectral display used by 25+ engineers to evaluate system's performance during flight test phase. The positive effect was a 50% time reduction in the test phase resulting in substantial cost reduction to the program. • AIRBORNE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT - Team lead that developed sensor system resulting in 30x sensitivity improvement in the US Navy's current Anti-Submarine Warfare (ASW) fleet systems.• SYSTEM INTEGRATION & TEST - Achieved 90% of the exit criteria goals for performance evaluation tests of sensor systems under adverse flight conditions including US Navy coordinated tests.Specialties: Algorithm DevelopmentArray ProcessingDigital Signal ProcessingCoherence AnalysisControl SystemsData Collection, AnalysisDiscrete Random SeriesFFT, Fast Fourier TransformsFrequency ResponseLabVIEWReal-Time DisplaysGraphical User InterfacesResonance LoopsMathematicsOptimizationMATLABSimulinkSimulationModelingNoise ReductionStatistical Signal ProcessingSystems Design, DevelopmentSystems Engineering See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Wireline Manufacturing Engineer Company Name Halliburton - Preferred upstream service company for the development of global oil and gas assets. Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Applied engineering skills to the analysis, modification and testing of electronic hardware and firmware for Wireline Downhole tools. Developed specifications, procedures and reports. Provided technical guidance to other personnel involved in assembly and testing of production tools. Systems Engineer / Signal Processor / Data Analyst Company Name Polatomic Inc. - R&D business that develops magnetic detection sensors for defense & space apps Dates Employed Nov 1998 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 12 yrs Responsible for the technical development and successful implementation of real-time control / status, data collection / analysis display programs for the evaluation of sensor systems. • Key member of the team awarded with a $32 million contract by Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR, US Navy Lab) to produce 86 AN/ASQ-233 Multi-Mode Magnetic Detection Systems (3MDS) magnetometer systems over five years.• Supported, collected and analyzed data for more than 30 flight tests of Polatomic 3MDS magnetometer systems funded by the US Navy's Office of Naval Research (ONR) and NAVAIR. Evaluated system noise, platform environmental noise and target signature detection under various flight conditions, including US Navy coordinated tests, reaching 90% of the exit criteria goals.• Developed real-time LabVIEW remote Ethernet - based spectral analysis tools, system spectral display, control / status and data collection programs used by 25+ engineers / scientists to evaluate magnetometer systems, cutting evaluation time 50%.• Made real-time, in-flight evaluations possible of noise reduction, motion compensation, target detection and statistical signal analysis. Provided time traces, amplitude - frequency plots and 3D time - frequency charts. Realistic evaluations of target track algorithms were only possible with the real-time position plots allowing pilot to determine on-the-spot aircraft flight course / path. Technical System Program Engineer Company Name Polatomic Inc. - Research & Development business that produces magnetic sensors for defense & space. Dates Employed Nov 1998 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 12 yrs Responsible for the technical development and evaluation of high sensitivity laser-pumped helium magnetometers (magnetic detection sensors) for defense applications.• Performed program management, proposals, cost estimates and reporting, used to further develop 1/2-size, -weight & -power (SWaP) Compact Magnetic Detection System (CMDS) slated for Boeing's ScanEagle and Northrop Grumman's FireScout MQ-8B Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). • Applied extensive experience and technical skills as a team member developing / troubleshooting magnetometer sensors made up of an electronics amp and sensor optics including:Embedded processor........Ethernet output......3-axis accelerometerFPGA.............................Preamps................3-axis vector magnetometerA/d & d/a converters.........Laser control loop....Magnetic resonance loopLaser...............................GPS unit................H1 resonance driversThermal Electric Cooler....Ignition drivers.........RF excitation driversHelium resonance cells....Circular polarizers....IR (Infrared) detectors Technical Project Engineer Company Name Raytheon TI Systems (RTIS) - TI DSEG sold to Raytheon in 1997. Dates Employed 1992 – 1998 Employment Duration 6 yrs Responsible for the technical design and development of major components of AN/ASQ-208 Advanced Digital Magnetic Anomaly Detection (MAD) or ADM magnetometer system plus the production, testing and evaluation of the system and its performance.• Lead Engineer of the Advanced Digital MAD (Magnetic Anomaly Detection) team that produced twenty Digital MAD systems over 18 months for NAVAIR.• Designed and tested four out of ten mil-spec boards of the Amplifier Unit of the ADM MAD system including the DRO, Digital Resonance Oscillator and the DSP, Digital Signal Processing boards.• Initiated access to the DRO and DSP I/O bus through an external test connector; greatly enhancing the capability and time for acceptance test verification of the magnetometer's noise performance.• Utilized a Dynamic Signal Analyzer (with specialized digital I/O option) that allowed real-time FFT frequency spectral domain testing of the magnetic sensor's noise floor. Education Oklahoma State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Activities and Societies: IEEE Featured Skills & Endorsements Systems Engineering See 19 endorsements for Systems Engineering 19 Systems Engineering Douglas McGregor and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Signal Processing See 7 endorsements for Statistical Signal Processing 7 Statistical Signal Processing Jim Hope and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Labview - Real-Time System Spectral Analysis GUI Display Labview - Real-Time System Spectral Analysis GUI Display No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (7) Given (1) Glen Meggs Senior Systems Engineer -- Software Systems Algorithm Development, Matlab, Implementation January 17, 2011, Henry worked with Glen in the same group I have worked with Henry for several years and know him as a valuable colleague. He has strong knowledge in signal processing, a solid understanding of hardware systems, and is capable and willing to perform in all areas of systems engineering. Henry has an eye for detail and a flair for devising novel and informative methods of data analysis. Jim J.H.Manning -- January 12, 2011, Jim managed Henry directly Henry is a hard working, dedicated, experienced and talented engineer and was well recognized for his contributions and work ethics @ Polatomic. He functioned as an individual contributor, team member & Program Manager @ Polatomic. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Mike Sampson Program Manager at Polatomic January 21, 2011, Mike worked with Henry in the same group Several things come to mind about Mike when I think about our years together at Polatomic. Mike had a very skillful ability for planning and budgeting the programs he managed. Mike was very organized and had a keen sense of how to identify the key tasks / issues that needed to be addressed for his program's success. I highly recommend Mike. Accomplishments Interests Apple 3,419,322 followers Lockheed Martin 520,484 followers NEC Corporation 65,525 followers DRS Tactical Systems 1,251 followers National Semiconductor 16,309 followers National Instruments 80,140 followers See all See all following
More Actions Deepika has a account Deepika Khosla IT Professional IT Analyst Co-operative Conestoga College Kitchener, Ontario, Canada 194 194 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent An IT professional specialized in Business Analysis, having experience of over 3 years in Business operations and Technology. Proficient in recording, analyzing and interpreting data. Committed to professional development in management and IT sector. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Deepika’s Activity 194 followers CIBC bets big on big data as founding partner of Communitech Data Hub launch Deepika liked OLIVE FULTON THE LACROSSE INTERNATIONAL WITH BRITTLE ASTHMA Deepika liked See all activity Experience Consultant Company Name IT Analyst Co-operative Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Kitchener, Canada Area • Designed Website • Analyzed client requirements• Designed wireframes and Mock-ups• Developed functional documentation• Created Pseudo Code Data Analyst Company Name IKEA PuOP Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Kitchener, Canada Area • Identify potential customer furniture needs• Built elicitation strategy • Train & Supervise public survey• Analyzed data using Microsoft Excel• Created dashboard Systems Engineer Trainee Company Name Infosys Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Pune Area, India • Worked on extraction, transformation, & loading of data • Worked on data modeling • Developed SQL queries using unions and tables joins• Analyzed business and functional requirements• Created effective dashboards using IBM Cognos Co-Founder Company Name Inayat House Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location New Delhi Area, India • Operated autonomously in all the facets of business- strategic planning, supplier management, operations, and marketing• Launched Facebook marketing initiative, generated 18,000 followers and that contributed to a 20% increase in sales• Developed social media campaigns based on data analysis to expand customer base Merchandise Department Executive Company Name Honda Logistics India Pvt. Ltd Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Tapukara,Rajasthan,India • Responsible for evaluation and development of best practices within the production process• Involved in set-up of merchandise supply chain operations• Monitored resources and variable expenditure budget• Assigned daily targets and ensured they were achieved.• Managed team of 16 associates See more positions Education Conestoga College Degree Name Post-Graduate Certificate Field Of Study Information technology- Business Analyst Grade A Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Conestoga International Activities Volunteer, Toastmasters • 2-years post-graduate program• Interpret business, user requirements and translate into functional requirements• Performed IT quality control procedures- problem analysis, needs assessment, cost-benefit analysis• Worked on case studies and industry projects. B.M. Institute of Engineering and Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Technology (BTech) Field Of Study Electronics and Communications Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Volunteer at Girls Hostel Cultural Events • 4-years professional undergraduate program. • Applying knowledge in electronics to facilitate communication and solve engineering problems.• Designed digital systems and circuits• Built DTMF Controlled Home Automation System Holy Child Sr. Sec. School ,New Delhi,India Degree Name Academic Field Of Study Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2008 Volunteer Experience Organizer Company Name Conestoga International Activities Dates volunteered May 2016 – Mar 2017 Volunteer duration 11 mos Cause Arts and Culture • Organize and execute events• Help in office work Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 8 endorsements for Microsoft Office 8 Microsoft Office Lakhvir Kaur and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word See 7 endorsements for Microsoft Word 7 Microsoft Word Lakhvir Kaur and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 6 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 6 Microsoft Excel Lakhvir Kaur and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Deepika has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Business Data Analysis Business Data Modeling Business Processes Communications Customer Engagement Management Management of Information Systems Network Design Project Management Social Media Software Integration Deepika has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Practicum- Data Migration Practicum- Network Design Practicum- Social Media Strategy UX/UID Deepika has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Dean's Honour List Industry Champion Lego Agile Winner Deepika has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications ITIL V3 Foundation Digital Transformation Across The Extended Supply Chain-In a Nutshell Deepika has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Deepika has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization International Institute Of Business Analysis Interests Avanade 97,070 followers Social Media 16,342,603 followers Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,420 members Professional Women 14,556,566 followers Dr. Marla GottschalkDr. Marla Gottschalk is a LinkedIn Influencer Industrial & Organizational Psychologist | Consultant 1,451,223 followers Jill SchlesingerJill Schlesinger is a LinkedIn Influencer CBS News Business Analyst, host of "Better Off"​ podcast and "Jill on Money"​ radio show, Senior CFP Board Ambassador 573,518 followers See all See all following
More Actions Crista has a account Crista Barberini Data Scientist Yahoo Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 310 310 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data scientist specializing in A/B testing and investigative analytics to drive product development. Extensive work with quantification and analysis of user behavior, and development of analytics within A/B testing platforms.Rap sheet:• Analytics: A/B and multivariate testing, A/B testing platforms, large-scale datasets, user segmentation, ad-hoc analysis & deep dives, funnel analysis, regression models, bootstrapping• User behavior: user engagement, conversion and retention, usability, psychophysics, decision-making• Experimentation: test design, implementation, analysis and results delivery• Languages & tools: SQL, Hive, Python, R, Matlab, Excel, Tableau • Communication: working with and presenting results to product and engineering teams; teaching A/B testing principles and best practices to diverse audiencesSome exciting areas of development in the field: adaptation of statistical methods to fit industry context, what to productionize within A/B testing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name Yahoo Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Sunnyvale, CA Analysis of user behavior for multiple sites in the Yahoo network to drive product development. Techniques include A/B testing and custom analyses (e.g. new user flow, feature-specific analyses, user segmentation) for product teams. Design and implementation of metrics, test statistics and self-serve tools in central A/B testing platform and product team-specific reporting dashboards. Data Scientist Company Name Disney Interactive Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Palo Alto, CA Analysis of user behavior in online and mobile games to drive product development and optimization in the domains of game play, monetization, retention and virality. Techniques include A/B testing, regression models, ROC, time series analysis. Ongoing analytical support for game teams and central teams, cross-game data modeling of user behavior, and development of self-reporting tools. Postdoctoral Research Scientist Company Name Columbia University Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Design, implementation, execution and analysis of neurophysiological experiments investigating emotional learning and value processing. Programming real-time experimental control software, conducting focused and exploratory data analysis, giving scientific talks, writing manuscripts. Research Assistant Company Name Stanford University Medical Center Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Analyzed neural and movement data, tested patients, and edited grant proposals in a group studying the effects of deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's Disease. Scientific Programmer Company Name UCSF Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Built video-analysis software to accelerate and automate scoring of mouse behavior in experiments: scene segmentation algorithms, graphical user interface design, user-driven scoring and tracking system. See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Neuroscience Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2004 Thesis advisors: Drs. William Newsome and Brian Wandell.Thesis: Chromatic motion processing in area MT.Areas of focus: Vision, Sensorimotor Processing, Perceptual Decision Making, Choice Behavior, Psychophysics, Electrophysiology General Assembly Degree Name Product Management 1-week intensive Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 General Assembly Field Of Study Data Science 11-week technology course April - July 2014 See more education Volunteer Experience Play therapy volunteer Company Name Private homes, Burlingame and San Mateo, CA Dates volunteered 2001 – 2003 Volunteer duration 2 yrs Cause Health Weekly in-home play therapy sessions with non-verbal autistic children, practicing communication and social interaction. Featured Skills & Endorsements A/B testing See 2 endorsements for A/B testing 2 A/B testing Keren Baruch and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 25 endorsements for Data Analysis 25 Data Analysis Endorsed by Alessandro Gagliardi and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Crista’s colleagues at Yahoo! Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 8 endorsements for SQL 8 SQL Endorsed by Joe peat and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Crista’s colleagues at Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (3) Daniel Salzman faculty at Columbia University September 10, 2012, Daniel was a client of Crista’s I've had the pleasure of advising and working with Crista for the last five years. Without fail, she demonstrates initiative, thoroughness in both thought and process, resilience in the face of challenges, and a general determination to get the job done as efficiently as possible. She is a sharp analytical thinker and a quick study. She knows her data inside and out, how to analyze it to answer specific questions, and how to present it graphically in a way that maximizes information without compromising clarity. She is diligent and dedicated, and any analysis team would be lucky to have her. Greg Corrado Principal Scientist, Director of Augmented Intelligence Research, Google Inc. September 5, 2012, Greg worked with Crista in different groups I met Crista in graduate school, where we earned PhDs in the same research group. From the beginning, I was impressed by her tenacity and attention to detail. Years later, Crista and I collaborated on the design and execution of her research at Columbia. Though I had largely left academic research in favor of industry, the ambition and promise of Crista's experiments were too intriguing to pass up. Sunil Kurian Senior Technical Program Manager at LinkedIn November 25, 2014, Sunil worked with Crista in the same group Sunil is a leader in product management, and has a deep understanding of BI engineering as well as analytics. He's sharp, highly effective and a pleasure to work with. It's always clear that he cares and keeps the bar high. Tamir Nadav Director, Product Management - Online September 9, 2014, Crista worked with Tamir in different groups Tamir is a great colleague. He leads his team well and with grace, always has his eye on the ball, and is a fun guy to be around. His gaming expertise is evident in every conversation or meeting, and he has a working familiarity the broad spectrum of technologies and fields that are part building and running games. Working with him is inspiring. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Crista has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Howard Hughes Medical Institute predoctoral fellowship National Science Foundation predoctoral fellowship Stanford Graduate Fellowship Interests Kiva.org 33,392 followers University of Oregon 136,551 followers A/B Testing and Multivariate Testing 6,074 members The Associated Press 105,268 followers Big Data 5,065,051 followers General Assembly 59,711 followers See all See all following
More Actions Samuel has a account Samuel Joels Data Analyst CommunityCare HMO Oklahoma State University Tulsa, Oklahoma Area 172 172 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent -Highly analytical and innovative problem solver with outstanding interpersonal skills and a demonstrated ability to use information to effect change. -Experienced, detail oriented, business/data analyst, skilled at analyzing large volumes of data and developing tools and methods to identify and solve problems and capitalize on opportunities. -Extensive record of accomplishments managing projects to improve operations and processes. -Key User experience with SAP R/3 and SAP BI. -Advanced/Developer knowledge of MS Access, and Excel as well as other MS Office products.Specialties: Supply Chain, Distribution, Data Analysis, Business Reporting, SAP BI, SAP R3, MS Access, MS Excel, MS Word, MS Powerpoint, MS Visio, SAS 8.2 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Health Data Analyst III Company Name CommunityCare HMO Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos Location Tulsa, Oklahoma Utilize Base SAS 8.2 to provide Health data reporting for Regional Health Insurance Company.* Provider Contract Analysis Business Reporting Analyst II Company Name Hilti Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Business Reporting and data analysis utilizing SAP R/3 and SAP BW, MS Access and MS Excel Logistics Analyst Company Name Hilti Dates Employed Aug 1999 – Mar 2006 Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos Business Reporting and data analysis utilizing Oracle, Manugistics, SAP R/3 and SAP BW/BI, MS Access and MS ExcelSAP R/3 and WMS inventory implementation.Supply Chain, Distribution, Repair and Materials Management Marketing Communications Analyst Company Name Gardner Denver Dates Employed Dec 1997 – Aug 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Database adminstrator/Manager for customer and prospective customer database. Develop and manage product price cataloge. Sales and marketing reports. Develop poduct liturature. Develop and manage customer order and inventory project databases. Marketing Communications Analyst Company Name Electronic Label Technology Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Nov 1997 Employment Duration 11 mos Marketing and Sales customer and prospect database administrator. Trade Show coordination; qualifiy and research prospective cutomers; develop and execute direct mail campains. See more positions Education Oklahoma State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Delta Sigma Pi Business Organizaiton Vise President Majors Marketing and Management Featured Skills & Endorsements Access See 19 endorsements for Access 19 Access Denise Robison and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 10 Microsoft Excel Denise Robison and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAP See 8 endorsements for SAP 8 SAP Vickie Evatt and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Billye Bultman Senior Solution Engineer - Cyber Risk Services at Deloitte & Touche LLP July 6, 2010, Samuel worked with Billye in the same group I worked with Sam as a Reporting Analyst at Hilti. Sam is very detailed and has the ability to take large amounts of data to deliver key points and needed actions. He has a keen eye to build or deciphere databases He will be an asset to any team and enjoys knowledge sharing. Marvin Johns Manager Logistics Controlling / Reporting June 4, 2010, Marvin managed Samuel directly Sam is very detail oriented providing excellent work for an analyst. Sam often provides suggestions to clarify and correct underlying issues that were not obvious to others. Sam is capable of handling large volumes of data with various tools while maintaining accuracy and traceability. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Mike Mott Director of Business Reporting at Hilti Inc. May 24, 2010, Mike was senior to Samuel but didn’t manage directly Mike was my Director at HILTI in the Business Reporting Department for 4 years. He is a highly respected and knowledgeable IT and business professional. Providing leadership in multiple SAP implementations including HILTI's, he has extensive knowledge of all aspects and architecture, interface and relationships to business process and strategy. Mike was able and willing to provide direction and support for me in my work and career and facilitated when possible. I very much enjoyed working with/for and learning from Mike. Accomplishments Interests Data Analyst 29,939 members Bank of Oklahoma 6,106 followers Access Developers NetWork 10,363 members Spirit AeroSystems 39,625 followers Pulse 1,535,155 followers The Official Toastmasters International Members Group 74,691 members See all See all following
More Actions Gary has a account Gary Smith Data Analyst Data Renaissance Ltd University of Southampton London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data AnalystSpecialties: Data Cleansing, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access Databases, Business Objects Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Gary’s Activity 985 followers 01010111 01100001 01101110 01110100 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01101101 01100001 01101011 01100101 00100000 01100111 01100001 01101101 01100101 01110011 00111111 00100000 01000111 01010011 01001110 00100000 01000111 01100001 01101101 01100101 01110011 00100000 01101110 01100101 01100101 01100100 01110011 00100000 01000101 01101110 01100111 01101001 01101110 01100101 01100101 01110010 01110011 00100000 01101001 01101110 00100000 01000010 01101111 01110011 01110100 01101111 01101110 00100001 00100000 01001101 01100101 01110011 01110011 01100001 01100111 01100101 00100000 01101101 01100101 00100000 01100110 01101111 01110010 00100000 01100100 01100101 01110100 01100001 01101001 01101100 01110011 00101110 Gary liked See all activity Experience Data Analyst Company Name Data Renaissance Ltd Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom Data Analyst - Asset Management Systems - Ellipse, Atrium. System Configuration, Data Modelling. Business Objects, Oracle DiscovererEngaged in Network Rail's Asset Data Improvement Programme (ADIP) analysing the quality of Electrification and Operational Property data using Excel (2003, 2010), Access, SQL Server, Oracle and Business Objects.Coordinated requirements gathering workshops with Electrification engineers to ensure that Ellipse asset register was configured to hold all the data the business needed to correctly list its assets and their specification. Developed asset productive unit hierarchies with Engineers to ensure that assets are stored in a logical manner that complies with any system limitations as well as aiding users where possible. This process was expanded upon to gather requirements to also store detailed asset condition information which will be used to plan maintenance based on condition instead of just time and to predict asset life and renewal costs. Liaised with Application Support team to ensure that new configuration was implemented correctly and in a timely manner. Tested actual configuration against designed version to ensure full compliance.Working with external engineering firms on Electrification asset register data collection process based on the reconfiguration of Ellipse system. This process will ensure that all existing assets in the system are checked and verified and that any missing assets are added in the correct position in the hierarchy and all associated data is also recorded (manufacturer, model, year of commissioning, etc.).Specified the requirements for an iPad app that is to be used to collect a full inventory of Operational Property assets and their condition/remaining life. Created a comprehensive user manual once the app had been developed and fully tested it against the specification. Data Analyst Company Name Royal Bank of Scotland Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Responsible for the development and management of several hundred asset maintenance spreadsheets and subsequent upload of this data directly into the Maximo asset management database. These spreadsheets form a vital part of the RBS Property Services department’s maintenance planning and asset verification process that provides suppliers with programmes of work the several years.Predominantly working with Microsoft Excel have developed and maintained spreadsheets that provide asset data for suppliers to check against their records and that also use Macros to generate scripts that are used to upload the verified (or modified) data directly into the Maximo database backend (an Oracle 10g system). Also generate ad-hoc SQL reports to extract data from the Maximo system for various teams in the department as required. Data Analyst Company Name Delta Rail Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 9 mos Calibrated a new release of this railway software vendor’s passenger modelling system. Developed and improved existing, complex Excel spreadsheets in order to analyse the modelling system’s predicted passenger flows compared with actual data provided by the train operating companies.Analysed statistical data output by the spreadsheets in order to determine how to adjust the modelling software to improve its predictions. The spreadsheets recorded every result produced by the software so it was possible to compare every parameter tested and ascertain where the greatest gains in accuracy could be had against the tight deadlines and budget restrictions.Regularly reported progress to the customer (National Express) and wrote the final report on the calibration process and prepared a portfolio of data for presentation with the final calibrated release of the software. Data Analyst - Excel, Business Objects, Access Company Name Network Rail Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Network Rail is one of the largest owners of land and commercial property in the UK, which is detailed in their Horizon property management database. Involved in assisting in the upgrade of this system to a new version of Horizon (5.3 from 5.6). Particularly involved in testing new Business Objects reports using Excel spreadsheets to compare and ensure that the data is correct in the new version before it goes live.Currently advising on best practice use of this property management database and resolving user-level technical issues. Train new users and subsequently set them up on the system and on the Oracle database with appropriate levels of access and privileges. Also involved in training existing users when access to different parts of the system is required. Project Analyst - Corporate Offices Company Name Network Rail Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 10 mos Responsible for the analysis and financial management and reporting of all refurbishment projects within Network Rail’s Corporate Offices portfolio. Network Rail has over 80 corporate office buildings that accommodate from less than 20 people to over 900.Using MS Excel spreadsheets managed the allocation of the overall refurbishment budget of £23m to more than 25 projects annually and wrote funding request papers that required approval up to Board level. Many of these projects run concurrently, therefore the ability to accurately track the progress of each project and spend to date was required. Worked closely with external project management firms to ensure that the budget for each project was adhered to by obtaining regular cost reports and tying these to the approved funding levels. Responsible for raising all purchase orders for these projects and ensuring they were invoiced and closed in a timely manner, thereby improving the accuracy of forecasting.By developing good relationships with key individuals in Finance was able to improve the accuracy of all project budget forecasting and MS Excel based project account reconciliations and reports which reduced the frequency of internal queries. The same approach was applied to the Accounts departments and key people at external suppliers which resulted in a significant reduction in outstanding and new financial queries relating to purchase orders and invoices. Mapped key processes with a Business Analyst in order to prepare for a new web-based workflow system. Advised on ideal requirements for reporting and potential improvements for processes within the Programme office. Also advised external project managers and suppliers on Network Rail’s processes with regard to tendering, invoicing and payments which has helped to ensure that approved suppliers are bought onboard with the consent of all relevant departments and are paid in a prompt manner when due. See more positions Education University of Southampton Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Skills Data Analysis Data Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Databases Databases Click and drag to reorder skills Data Management Data Management Click and drag to reorder skills Data Quality Data Quality Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rail Recruitment ltd 1,781 followers Lean Startup 10,426 members METRO and RAIL PROJECTS [85,000+ Largest Rail Group] 98,985 members University of Southampton 117,082 followers Lean Startup Circle 18,549 members Data Renaissance Ltd 2 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Smith Sr. Data Scientist at Netflix Netflix Seattle Pacific University San Francisco Bay Area 230 230 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Scientist focusing on technically oriented analysis/data mining projects - currently in working in product experimentation at Netflix.Experienced in : Scala, Python, SQL, Hive, Pig, Spark Highlights Experience Sr. Data Scientist Company Name Netflix Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Senior BI Analyst Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos In this role I:- Run numerous data mining and analytical projects in a multi-petabyte data environment- Apply solid c# skills for data mining/manipulation and in-house utility creation- Use strong SQL skills both for dataset generation and automation projects- Run data quality investigations on all levels of the BI stack - Uncovering and helped resolve revenue leaks and data problems- Act as data lead on numerous projects providing research including key definition setting, bug discovery/documentation, and resolution of revenue/billing disputes with external partners Marketing Reporting Analyst Company Name Allyis Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Marketing Analytics Manager Company Name TDWI at 1105 Media Dates Employed May 2008 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 5 mos Marketing Manager Company Name TDWI at 1105 Media Dates Employed Jun 2006 – May 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs See more positions Education Seattle Pacific University Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 18 endorsements for Business Intelligence 18 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Quinn Ye and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Matt’s colleagues at Netflix Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 18 endorsements for Data Mining 18 Data Mining Endorsed by HUIZHI (KENNY) XIE and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Matt’s colleagues at Netflix Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 13 endorsements for SQL 13 SQL Endorsed by 2 of Matt’s colleagues at Netflix Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (5) Jennifer Agee Freelance Editor, Project Manager July 4, 2008, Matt worked with Jennifer in the same group Matt is a dedicated and innovative marketing manager who has demonstrated exceptional drive and creativity. Matt has a well-earned reputation for deep knowledge of our business and an insatiable desire to learn new things. Drew Seifried Large Enterprise Account Executive at MobileIron July 23, 2008, Matt worked with Drew in the same group Matt is the complete package - his fresh ideas are well executed and produce results; I found his work to be very thorough and detail oriented; His talents as a marketing executive have the ability to set or raise the bar on any team and would be of great value to any organization. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Yurong (Lily) Xu Business Analysis Manager at Financial Planning and Analysis at T-Mobile October 4, 2011, Yurong (Lily) worked with Matt in the same group Our group was very fortunate to have Lily as a part of the team. She has an extreme attention to detail, a very strong work ethic, and commits herself entirely to whatever project she's working on. Her SQL skills are strong and she has an affinity for set-thinking and abstracting problems into logical compoments, which sets her up as a strong data analyst. To top it off, she has good interpersonal skills and is adept at managing professional relationships -- a rare combination of technical and business aptitude. I hope to work with her again in the future! Jennifer Agee Freelance Editor, Project Manager September 4, 2008, Jennifer worked with Matt in the same group Jennifer is an eagle-eyed editor who has learned our business inside and out. From her early role as a production editor, she has taken on increased levels of responsibility and has become an integral (and irreplaceable) part of TDWI's marketing and production activities. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Seattle Pacific University 24,740 followers Seattle Pacific University 25,727 followers Pulse 1,535,155 followers Netflix 434,934 followers
More Actions David Strong has a account David Strong - Reporting Data Analyst Associate Report Analyst at UnitedHealth Group UnitedHealth Group Techskills-Fort Worth, TX Greater St. Louis Area 63 63 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent REPORTING Microsoft Access Database, Quest Geo Access, MapInfo, Oracle and SQL Server PROGRAMMING SQL, Easytrieve Plus, COBOL, Visual Basic, Access Database VBADESKTOP AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT Hardware, Windows Software and Mainframe CALL CENTER CLASSROOM TEACHING WORK HISTORY https://goo.gl/photos/995Qp8yVyBeceewR6RESUME https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BwOyQkbeZysjZWlyeW51YjNRMTg See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Associate Report Analyst Company Name UnitedHealth Group Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Reporting Business Analyst Company Name Magellan Health Services Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 7 yrs 7 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area • Developed reports in Microsoft Access, Quest Geo Access, MapInfo, Oracle and SQL Server • Gathered User Requirements, Coded, Tested and Documented reports for clients• Queried data bases to extract information needed to develop reports• Supported RFP's, new implementations, data comparisons of client datasets and auditsLayoff position eliminated 4/2016 Technical Support Help Desk Company Name Convergys Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Convergys, St. Louis - Hazelwood, MO. (6/07-10/08)* Help Desk Technical Support for national clients Comcast and Insight High-Speed Internet* Customer Service problem resolution includes Remedy ticket tracking system* Troubleshooting of user network connections, modems and routers Contract PC Tech / Desktop Help Support Company Name Contract Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo * Field Technician for CoreStaff and SmartSource* PC troubleshooting, repair, relocation, inventory tracking, and drive upgrades (network image downloads)* Hardware And Software - Installation and upgrades of PC hardware, all windows operating systems (including Server 2003) Student Company Name Technical School - Techskills, Fort Worth, TX Dates Employed Dec 2004 – May 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Completed Technical Certifications * Microsoft MCSA Systems Administrator (Server 2003)* Microsoft MCDST Desktop XP Technician* CompTIA A+ PC Technician See more positions Education Techskills-Fort Worth, TX Field Of Study Microsoft and CompTIA Certifications Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Completed Technical Certifications - Microsoft MCSA Systems Administrator (Server 2003), Microsoft MCDST Desktop XP Technician and CompTIA A+ PC Technician University of Missouri-Saint Louis Field Of Study Windows Desktop Programming Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Completed Classes in Windows Programming - Visual Basic, Microsoft Access Database, HTML, ASP, and Javascript (Intro, Intermediate and Advanced) Southern Illinois University, Edwardsville Field Of Study MIS Mgt Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 Graduate Studies in Management Information Systems - completed all of the required coursework (Programming, Applications, Database, and Systems Analysis and Design) See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Access See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Access 1 Microsoft Access Sandy Gorenstein has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 4 endorsements for Databases 4 Databases Sandy Gorenstein and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Programming See 1 endorsement for Programming 1 Programming Grey Oji has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Michele Whiting Desktop Workstation Support Analyst without a position April 10, 2009, David Strong worked with Michele in the same group David is an asset to any environment. His interpersonal skills and technical knowledge make him invaluable as a support assistant as well as an excellent colleague. His dedication in the face of adverse conditions prove him of fine metal for any environment. Kevin Shen IT Support Specialist (Contractor with Cap Gemini) at Monsanto Company December 11, 2007, David Strong worked with Kevin in the same group David is a very knowledgeable and hard-working technician. He is a good person to work with and has an excellent professional demeanor both with his team mates and with the managers whom he reports to. He also takes the extra initiative and helps out his team mates when they need his help. Therefore, I very highly recommend him to any employer and/or hiring manager, as he will be an excellent asset and addition to your organization. Michele Whiting Desktop Workstation Support Analyst without a position February 23, 2009, Michele worked with David Strong in the same group In working with Michele Whiting in Technical Customer Support, I found her to have a great combination of technical skills and interpersonal communication.Her valuable computer skills and realistic, no-nonsense approach to solving problems allows her to quickly resolve a wide range of problems as they arise ... something that's especially important in meeting either the needs of the company, a client, or the general public.She’s conscientious and keeps a positive attitude at work, which makes it easy for her to support her team mates whenever they ask for her help or advice, and she is willing to accomidate the needs and demands of the job as they change.Her ability to meet any situation in a positive light, her experience in working with the general public and her unique set of computer and programming skills would make her an asset to any employer and an excellent addition to your organization.Sincerely,David StrongBusiness Analyst , Programmer, Computer Technical Support Accomplishments Interests University of Missouri-Saint Louis 62,113 followers Tableau Software 201,752 followers INACTIVE1 - Richland Community College 12,591 followers Southern Illinois University Edwardsville 54,493 followers Richland College 24,929 followers UnitedHealth Group 366,018 followers See all See all following
More Actions Carl has a account Carl Boswell Fund Analyst at Bloomberg LP Bloomberg LP Penn State University Princeton, New Jersey 490 490 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I work as a Fund Analyst at Bloomberg LP. So what does the role entail? The best analogy I’ve encountered was during my interview. Imagine the 1849 gold rush in California. The first evidence of the shiny commodity led to a huge influx of prospectors ranging in age, origin, and socio-economic standing. They all gathered in California to stake their claims in history. As history would go on to show, some would strike it rich and go on to build empires, others not so much. Our role within Bloomberg Data is to provide the pick-axe, the object by which prospectors can hope to find figurative gold. I play a role in creating and enhancing the very tools used by those within the financial markets to analyze and assess their chances at making it big. And I love it. In 2014 I graduated from Penn State with an undergraduate degree in International political Economy and a Masters in International Affairs. Naturally, what did I do next? I skipped the D.C. route taken by most of my peers and worked the fall as a UPS package handler loading and unloading 18 wheelers in the early hours of the morning while I interviewed. My background was in politics but I had gained interest in the world’s stock markets as I delved further into international business and economics courses while in school. With that in mind I applied as a Global Data Analyst at Bloomberg LP and began in January of 2015. I am a fund data analyst covering the North American market with a focus in Separately Managed Accounts, a structure very similar to the hedge fund and mutual fund products, which we also display for Bloomberg users. I work with asset managers to procure and maintain data covering the performance, holdings, and static characteristics of these investment vehicles. I’ve had a great time with Bloomberg surrounding myself with clients and colleagues that push me, allowing me to continue to grow. Please feel free to reach out with any questions regarding Bloomberg or myself. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Fund Data Analyst Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Princeton, New Jersey • Bloomberg Separately Managed Account specialist focused upon the U.S. Separate Account industry• Manage and maintain Bloomberg Separate Account Platform• Conduct market research to uncover and on-board additional accounts • Assist clients in leveraging terminal to to assess underlying components of portfolio and fund holdings and performance Global Data Analyst Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Princeton, New Jersey • Bloomberg Global Data Analyst assisting clients with queries regarding Bloomberg data universe• Provide instruction on Bloomberg historical pricing and equity corporate action functionalities• Focus on U.S. Corporate Bond and U.S. Fund markets Legislative Affairs Intern Company Name Kyle House Group Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area • Organized political initiatives in collaboration with corporate and development goals made by private MNCs operating in Sub-Saharan Africa• Consulted firm partners on preferential trade agreements provisions for Africannations in preparation for August 2014 African Leaders Summit Media (1) This position has 1 media Alumnus Carl Boswell '14 discovers how to make an impact in developing countries Alumnus Carl Boswell '14 discovers how to make an impact in developing countries This media is a link Research Assistant Company Name Penn State Center for Global Business Studies Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location State College, Pennsylvania • Co-authored and researched the robotics chapter of the Center’s new book regarding emerging technologies and their impacts on business• Collaborated with and assessed MBA students in Strategic Management and Finance course• Conducted market research focused upon technology and energy business fields• Wrote an article regarding the impact of impending business revolutions on the world's future populace in 2050 Market Research Analyst Company Name Schreyer Consulting Group Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location University Park, Pa • Conducted market analysis on US non-profit retailers to shape client’s market entrance• Interviewed and researched small business entrepreneurs nationally to create SWOT assessment• This research was part of a larger project to facilitate the client's (Malini Foundation) next venture, a small scale product line in the U.S. to help fund its endeavors. See more positions Education Penn State University Degree Name International Affairs Masters Degree (M.I.A) Field Of Study International Economics and Business Grade Graduate Student Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Golden Key Honors Society, Penn State Lion Ambassador Student Alumni Corps, Presidential Leadership Academy Graduate degree program in the School of International Affairs at The Pennsylvania State University. Interdisciplinary degree with focus in global and local business functions. Penn State University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study International Relations: International Political Economy Option Grade Senior Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Presidential Leadership Academy, Paterno Fellow, Bunton-Waller Scholar, Scheyer Honors Scholar, Golden Key Honors Society Completed Study Abroad Semester in fall of 2012 in Buenos Aires, Argentina; Intermediate Spanish Speaker. Internship Experience in Washington D.C.; worked with lobbying and governmental relations firm during 2012 summer. Internship Experience analyzing and coding information with International Center for the Study of Terrorism in spring of 2012. Media (1) This position has 1 media Carl Boswell selected as Liberal Arts Student Marshal for Summer Commencement Carl Boswell selected as Liberal Arts Student Marshal for Summer Commencement This media is a link Volunteer Experience Athlete Guide Company Name Special Olympics New Jersey Dates volunteered Jun 2015 – Jun 2016 Volunteer duration 1 yr 1 mo Athlete guide for the June 2015 and 2016 Summer Special Olympics at The College of New Jersey for a weekend. Volunteered over 16 hours over the weekend assisting a Special Olympian as he prepared for and played Bocci in The Games. (He won a bronze medal!) Food Server Company Name Elijah's Promise Dates volunteered Apr 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 2 mos Cause Social Services Prepared and served food at a New Brunswick, NJ soup kitchen through a work program. Assisted for three hours during the dinner session after work. Farmer Company Name America's Grow-a-Row Dates volunteered May 2016 – Jul 2016 Volunteer duration 3 mos Cause Health Volunteered as part of a Bloomberg initiative to work with Grow-A-Row. The organization seeks to improve the healthy options available to those without access to fresh fruits and vegetables through education and donation of crops. In May and July, on two occasions, I assisted at the Pittstown farm growing and harvesting cabbage, peppers, zucchini and peas for donation. Featured Skills & Endorsements Public Speaking See 14 endorsements for Public Speaking 14 Public Speaking Endorsed by Elizabeth Saldierna, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Carl’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 12 endorsements for Microsoft Office 12 Microsoft Office Endorsed by 2 of Carl’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Endorsed by 6 people who know Microsoft Office Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 9 endorsements for Leadership 9 Leadership Endorsed by 2 of Carl’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Carl has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Carl has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication The Economic Impact of the Olympic Games Interests Penn State University 444,918 followers The Penn State Alumni Association 87,342 members Bloomberg LP 716,409 followers Penn State Liberal Arts Students 2,195 members Kyle House Group 103 followers Geode Capital Management 2,067 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Paul Blanker Data Analyst at EY EY National College of Ireland Ireland 231 231 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Senior management professional with many years’ experience in the IT and Electronic/Electrical Engineering industries, predominantly in the Irish market. Track record of driving business transformation programmes, leading to tangible benefits. Committed to cost-effective management of resources and demonstrated ability to deliver mission-critical results on time, with quality and within budget. Extensive experience in strategy development, global outsourcing, change management, business process re-engineering and organisational restructuring, in a multinational environment. Interested in using Business Intelligence and Data Analytics to drive business performance. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Paul’s Activity 231 followers I used an Esri Story Map app to tell my story...and I am absolutely delighted to be awarded first prize in the Esri Ireland 2017 ‘Maps Make Sense’ competition. Extremely excited to be heading to San Diego to attend the Esri User Conference in July! Thank you Esri Ireland! Maps Make Sense - Winners Announced: http://bit.ly/2pfztUW My Story Map: https://goo.gl/FJFYSb Esri User Conference #EsriUC - https://lnkd.in/dkm4CF3 Paul commented See all activity Experience Business Analyst / Data Analyst Company Name EY Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location County Dublin, Ireland Leveraging data analytical skills, process improvement techniques, and enabling the use of technology, to deliver insights and efficiencies to the business.Managing the implementation of a RPA (Robotic Process Automation) project with the objective of automating routine, high volume transaction processes, leading to process and cost efficiencies. Financial Controller Company Name Atos IT Solutions and Services Ltd Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Fitzwilliam Court, Leeson Close, Dublin 2, Ireland Strategy development and implementationBusiness and financial administrationDirector of companyOversight of creation of new legal entityGeneration of significant cost savings Commercial Manager Company Name Siemens Ltd Dates Employed Nov 2006 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Development and implementation of restructuring planHeld interim role as Head of Division for a six month periodIntegrated another legal entity into Siemens Ltd CIO Company Name Siemens Ltd Dates Employed Oct 2003 – Oct 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Development of local IT strategy in line with corporate guidelinesImplemented shift from strong technical focus to business focusSuccessful outsourcing of IT service deliverySignificant cost savings achieved Education National College of Ireland Degree Name Postgraduate Diploma in Data Analytics Field Of Study Data Analytics Grade Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Projects included building a data warehouse, building an application using Salesforce.com, a benchmarking study comparing SQL and NoSQL databases, data mining research projects focusing on predictive analytics, and a data visualisation project, using tools such as R, Tableau, SQL Server. University College Dublin Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Administration Grade 1st Class Honours Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Thesis on Outsourcing the IT function and the effect on the CIO IMD Business School Degree Name Siemens CIO Executive programme Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2005 Focused on delivering value through IT See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Change Management See 16 endorsements for Change Management 16 Change Management Endorsed by Graeme Sloan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Paul’s colleagues at Siemens Click and drag to reorder skills Outsourcing See 14 endorsements for Outsourcing 14 Outsourcing Endorsed by Jan Kritz and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Paul’s colleagues at Siemens Click and drag to reorder skills IT Strategy See 10 endorsements for IT Strategy 10 IT Strategy Endorsed by 4 of Paul’s colleagues at Siemens Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Paul has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications PRINCE2 Practitioner MSP Practitioner Paul has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Atos International 12,216 members National College of Ireland 20,149 followers Harvard Business Review 1,412,835 members Big Ideas & Innovation 21,854,187 followers Chief Information Officer (CIO) Network - The Group for CIOs 229,332 members IMD Business School 36,655 followers See all See all following
More Actions Neda has a account Neda Azarmehr Data Analyst Sheffield Hallam University Sheffield Hallam University Sheffield, South Yorkshire, United Kingdom 58 58 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A data analyst has extensive ten years’ experience in maintaining and analysing SQL databases in academic and industry area. Adept at mining data with SAS, SPSS, and Excel that able to play a key role in analysing problems and come up with solutions.Specialties: Big Data, Data Analytics, Statistical Modelling See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Customer Insight Data Analyst Company Name Sheffield Hallam University Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Sheffield, United Kingdom Manager of the Statistic Department Company Name Hormozgan University of Medical Sciences Dates Employed 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Hormozgan Province, Iran • Implementation and development of management information systems database based on the MS SQL to support management decisions for the first time in the organization.• Worked as the supervisor for ten staff which increased 30% operational efficiency and also maintained quality results.• Give training to the staff members on the new systems implemented.• Control online dashboard reports that increase 20% accuracy and precision of data. Data Analyst Company Name Hormozgan University of Medical Sciences Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Hormozgan Province, Iran • Data exploration that lead to clear understand of what did and didn't work in the business, and support decision making.• Analysis data and make predictive or forecast modelling and convert data into business intelligence.• Helped operational managers to identify and understand the numbers behind their business strategies.• Worked with the IT department and the strategic analyst to translate data into meaningful business intelligence. Junior Data Analyst Company Name Shariati Hospital, Iran Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Jan 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Hormozgan Province, Iran • Data entry, data auditing, creating reports and monitoring all data for accuracy with MS Access and Excel that lead to eliminate the paper work and added opportunity for growth.• Worked autonomously within a team of data analysts to analyse a dataset in Excel and SPSS.• Improved data quality for the business 25% by focusing on the business processes. Education Sheffield Hallam University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Big Data Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Tehran Payame Noor University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Strategic Managment Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Kerman University of Medical Sciences Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Medical Record (Health information Technology) Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Project Management See 3 endorsements for Project Management 3 Project Management Asif Pervez, CMILT, CQP, Lean 6σ SSBB and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 3 endorsements for Data Warehousing 3 Data Warehousing Asif Pervez, CMILT, CQP, Lean 6σ SSBB and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAS Programming See 2 endorsements for SAS Programming 2 SAS Programming David Madrid Rodriguez and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Dele A. AVP, Global IT Security & Infrastructure Audit at Barclays October 13, 2016, Dele worked with Neda in different groups I have worked on data analytic projects with Neda at SHU. Neda has demonstrated ability to process large amount of information and quickly grasp issues. She has great attention to detail and is a quick learner. She has excellent work ethic. She is goal oriented and has laser sharp focus. She was a great asset to our team as she would be on any team. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Neda has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Customer Analytics Exploratory Data Analysis Fundamentals of Visualization with Tableau Introduction to Databases and SQL Querying Machine Learning Managing Big Data with MySQL Mastering Data Analysis in Excel Neda has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Practical Guideline for the Implementation of Health Information Systems (Principles, Acquisition Process & Project Management) Evaluation of success rate hospital information system project, using gap analysis model in Shahid Mohammadi hospital, Bandar Abbas, Iran Prioritizing insurance deductions factors of Shahid Mohammadi hospital inpatients records using Shannon Entropy, Bandar Abbas, Iran Neda has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Farsi Neda has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Member in association of Mining Analysts Member in the Data Science Association Neda has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Up and Running with MATLAB Interests The University of Sheffield 128,239 followers University of Exeter 104,770 followers Sheffield Hallam University 116,975 followers Pulse 1,535,155 followers BT 236,942 followers Sheffield Hallam University 112,241 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hua has a account Hua Tian Senior Data Analyst at MGH MGH The Second University, USA Greater Boston Area 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Currently work as a senior data analyst in Massachusetts General Hospital • 7 years experience in clinical data field• 4 years experience as a RN in surgical ward • Registered Nurse, State of Massachusetts Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name MGH Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Massachusetts General Hospital • Interpret requests for data extracts, analyses, and reports from internal customers and external entities • Participate in the development, validation, implementation, and maintenance of SQL queries • Ensure result set accuracy (QA) to maintain the high quality and integrity of databases• Develop and maintain documentation and libraries on key processes • Assist with Core Measures data collection and analysis • Collaborate with PI consultants and team members to develop Care Redesign dashboards• Assist in training to support the ongoing development and cross-training of analytic competencies among staff Data analyst Company Name Hallmark Health System, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location Melrose, MA • Responsible for compiling, entering, and analyzing data information for utilization and quality review• Responsible for patient satisfaction software tool (Press Ganey) set up, training, running reports, and troubleshooting• Track and trend all information for significant issues and discrepancies• Responsible for compiling and reporting incident reports using Risk Monitor Pro Report System • Review all data, identify trends and patterns, and keep Vice President informed of findings• Work with the Medical Director, VP for Quality, and Department Heads to identify risk issues and improve process• Use MEDITECH to create different reports for utilization and quality review Research Assistant Company Name Division of Psychiatry, Boston University Dates Employed May 2002 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location Division of Psychiatry, Boston University • Discussed protocols with patients and obtained consents• Performed phlebotomy and obtained lab specimens per protocol requirements• Scheduled and completed patient follow-up visits according to each protocol requirements• Performed various functions related to the study as directed by the PI, including taking and returning telephone calls regarding the study and chart review• Analyzed a variety of neuroimaging scans and laboratory results • Collected, compiled, organized, and maintained database, prepared data for statistical analysis• Organized and maintained research data files• Prepared clinical equipment and materials for research sessions RN Company Name Queen Mary Hospital, Hong Kong Dates Employed Jun 1997 – Jun 1998 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Hong Kong • Provided perioperative nursing care• Provided continual education to patients regarding their illness, treatments, and their discharge care RN Company Name A Hospital in China Dates Employed Jul 1994 – May 1997 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location China • Developed and implemented perioperative patient assessments• Planned, organized, and controlled quality of perioperative nursing care in Gastrointestinal surgery • Participated in the development and implementation of policies and procedures Education The Second University, USA Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 The First University, China Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Registered Nursing/Registered Nurse Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Volunteer Experience MIS Assistant Company Name Community Council of Nashua, Inc., NH Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL SQL No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Crystal Report Crystal Report No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Tableau Tableau No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests MGH 1,249 followers Pulse 1,535,157 followers Hewlett Packard Enterprise 2,454,268 followers Hallmark Health System, Inc. 3,096 followers HP 2,446,939 followers Healthcare Data Mining and Modeling 6,809 members
More Actions Rajeeb has a account Rajeeb Mohanty Data Analyst at VeriFacts Services Pvt Ltd Verifacts Services Private Limited - A Background Verification Company Bhadrak Institute of Engineering and Technology, (BIET), Bhadrak Gurgaon, Haryana, India 38 38 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Motivated and Ambitious as a Data Analyst with 2+ years experience using SQL Server and Adv Excel. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Rajeeb’s Activity 38 followers Unilever Sustainable Living Plan - Year Six Update Rajeeb liked How to avoid #bad hiring decisions with #backgroundchecks. Find out:http://bit.ly/2oHet5y #enablingtrust #HR Rajeeb liked Growing your business to new geographies requires an understanding of the local market. Built on a scalable global delivery model, our end-to-end RPO offering ensures your company is primed to accelerate growth. Rajeeb liked Latest Job Openings at R1 Rajeeb liked See all activity Experience Data Analyst Company Name Verifacts Services Private Limited - A Background Verification Company Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Gurgaon, India Working as an analyst with 1+ years experience using advance excel, sql server 2008 R2,SSIS,SSRS etc. Data Analyst Company Name KRIB Information Services Pvt Ltd. Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Noida Area, India  Worked as data analyst for KRIB Information services Pvt Ltd. Implement and analysis data to create daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports. Checks the reports for quality and completeness. Prepare and publishing daily / monthly MIS both internal and for the client. Co-ordination with all the Client to resolve concerns / issues that arise if any. Make reports and sent it to the client. Excellent research and problem solving skills. Making productivity reports for the team at the end of every month by using excel formula & functions. Extensive usage of MS Excel (Hlookup, Vlookup, Pivot Table & Pivot Chart, Forms, data validation & Scenarios, Advanced excel etc, Filter etc). Analyst Company Name Krypwork tech solution pvt ltd Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Bhubaneshwar Area, India Worked as a analyst for Krypwork Tech Solution Pvt Ltd. MIS reporting by using MS Excel & MS Word Operational and Client level. Generate timely and accurate reports for analysis Implement and analysis data to create daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports. Design/develop the agreed upon solution in MS Excel/ MS Access with VBA Programming. Deliver end products maintaining quick turnaround times and highest quality standards execute quick turnaround work in MS Excel/MS Access which involves VBA. Managing the Monthly, Weekly & Daily Report Creating in MS-Excel and MS-Access through in depth analysis and producing the actionable information. Roll out different reports i.e. Efficiency, Collated Trackers, OPS Report, Work Flow Report, Generating & maintaining day to day MIS Data and updating the management. Determined required data by analyzing MS-Access databases and created customized reports. Extensive usage of MS Excel (Aggregate function, VLookup, Pivot table, Filter etc). Education Bhadrak Institute of Engineering and Technology, (BIET), Bhadrak Degree Name Bachelor of Technology (CSE) Field Of Study Computer Science Engineering. Grade o+ Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2013 Activities and Societies: B.Tech in CSE B.Tech in CSE B S E T , Barapada, Bhadrak, Odisha Degree Name Diploma in IT Engg Field Of Study IT Engg Grade O+ Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Activities and Societies: IT IT C.R.S High School, Tihidi, Bhadrak, Odisha Degree Name 10th Field Of Study All Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2006 NA Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft SQL Server Microsoft SQL Server No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Outlook Express Outlook Express No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rajeeb has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Advance Excel DATABASE HTML SSAS SSRS Sql Server Rajeeb has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi odia Interests Dr. Travis BradberryDr. Travis Bradberry is a LinkedIn Influencer Coauthor EMOTIONAL INTELLIGENCE 2.0 & President at TalentSmart 1,726,587 followers PCCW Solutions Limited 3,271 followers Randstad India 70,118 followers Scout RFP 2,880 followers GlobalLogic 104,533 followers Annik 6,301 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kavitha has a account Kavitha Murugesan, Data Analyst Insurance Data Analyst at ALD Re ALD Automotive Dublin Business School Ireland 120 120 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Recently graduated Honours Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics, DBS, Dublin.Honours Bachelors degree in Accounting/ Statistics /Business Law / Income Tax.Post-Graduate Higher Diploma in Information Technology.7+ years experience in the various Multinational Organisation.Good analytical, logic and problem-solving skills.Experienced in both Financial & IT Industry with proven ability to work effectively and meeting deadlines. IT Professional with experience in Analytics Hyperion, Advanced Excel, R, Python, Rapid Miner, Tableau, SQL, Database. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Kavitha’s Activity http://www.peoplesource.ie/jobs/quantity-surveyor/ Kavitha shared this Pleased to announce CitySwifter are hiring in our Galway and Longford offices. Looking to grow our current team with mission-driven engineers and creative marketers to enable successful international scale of CitySwifter's technology. If you are interested in solving a real-world problem or know anyone who might be, please apply through the below link: Software Engineer - https://lnkd.in/dkjhKcT Marketing - https://lnkd.in/dsMkvp6 Kavitha liked See all activity Experience Insurance Data Analyst Company Name ALD Automotive Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Dublin Data Analyst Company Name Huddl Mobility Limited Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Dublin Working with a variety of raster and vector geo data in a variety of standard formats, including the ESRI geodatabase. Modifying data, applying different geoprocessing tools. Employing both tabular and spatial selections and queries. Implement geospatial/statistical analysis and visualizations. Financial Assistant Company Name Sentenial - Better Payments Dates Employed 2014 – 2014 Employment Duration less than a year Location Maynooth Maintaining Management Accounts Receivable and Billing procedures to completion of the month end process, and posting entries to Sage. Review sales contracts to compliance with revenue recognition policies and procedures. Support the preparation and analysis of financial data for collections to Senior Manager. Financial Data Analyst Company Name Sun Healthcare Group Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Albuquerque, New Mexico Area, United States of America Worked in Oracle Hyperion Products.Responsible for the budgeting and financial analysis for the entire corporation. Works with the Director, Financial Manager and temporary help to complete the budgets for all subsidiaries with-in the company. Work independently to make sure that all assigned tasks are done. Responsible for maintenance functionality of the budgeting system. Providing remote support to budget access. Accounts Resource Manager Company Name IBM Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Blanchardstown, Dublin, Ireland Ensure all Resource management tools are maintained, managed and updated daily basis.Provide input to relevant key senior management meetings regarding roles and demand.Screen the internal candidates from UK, Ireland and India for availability for next target position based on salary, title, and location etc. Removal of users, assign and update database depend on management request.Attending regular meeting and UK /calls with senior managers to cover fulfilment status and requirment. See more positions Education Dublin Business School Degree Name Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics, Dublin Field Of Study Data Analysis Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Statistics for Data Analysis • Descriptive Statistics • R programming • Inferential Statistics • Regression AnalysisDatabases & Business Applications• Analysis, ER diagram, Testing and Implementation• Relational Databases - SQLTools for Data Analysis• Excel • RProgramming for Big Data• Python• Hadoop • MapReduceData Warehousing and Business Intelligence• Star Schema, ETL, Data WranglingAdvanced Data AnalyticsData & Web Mining• Predictive Data mining, Descriptive Data mining, Pattern mining & Anomaly Detection• Association Rule mining, Nearest Neighbour, Decision Tree classifier & k-means.• Artificial Neural Networks , Timeseries in Tableau, RapidMinerData Communication and Visualization• Tableau• HTML• Javascript• D3 Annamalai University Degree Name Postgraduate in IT Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2009 Ethiraj College For Women Degree Name BA Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 7 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 7 Microsoft Excel Eduards Vanags and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 7 endorsements for Databases 7 Databases Endorsed by 2 of Kavitha’s colleagues at Huddl Mobility Limited Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 6 endorsements for Microsoft Office 6 Microsoft Office Galina Lopez and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kavitha has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications MTA: Database Fundamentals - Certified 2016 SQL: Database Administration Fundamentals Oracle Certified Profession Oracle HFM, FDQM, Essbase & Smartview Tally Graduate Kavitha has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Tamil Kavitha has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Hyperion Interests Ethiraj College For Women 6,256 followers Société Générale Entrepreneurs 3,022 followers GameStop 52,333 followers HP 2,446,941 followers Business Analytics, Big Data, and Artificial Intelligence 182,240 members Maynooth University 5,264 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christine has a account Christine Liao Senior Data Analyst at Capital One Capital One University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Washington D.C. Metro Area 337 337 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience National Expansion - Senior Data Analyst Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Mclean, VA National Expansion - Data Analyst Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Mclean, VA National Expansion : Proprietor and developer of department Tableau dashboards and reports for the Digital Bank National Expansion team and frontline cafe associates, providing the single source standard for business metrics to track net present value and analytical functionality to source strategy decisions Card Decision Sciences : Contributed to the development and transformation of self-service data tools for the information based strategy company and credit card line of business, developing structured code-logic to solve data problems and build analytical functionalityUnderserved Card : Developed a robust analysis monitoring the pilot Starter Credit Card product's credit line increase policy, leveraging historical and comparable products' data to drive future product enhancements Assistant IT Specialist Company Name University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Dates Employed Jan 2015 – May 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Urbana-Champaign, Illinois Area Provided network and systems consultation, solving and optimizing IT problems with subject-matter expert knowledge for the College of Agricultural, Consumer, and Environmental Sciences faculty and staff Academic Computing Facility Liaison Company Name University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Dates Employed May 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Urbana-Champaign, Illinois Area Exercised ownership over cross-functional communication technology and computer database platforms necessary for faculty and staff collaboration within the College of Agricultural, Consumer and Environmental Sciences Data Analyst Intern Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Richmond, Virginia Area Engineered the department’s first-of-kind automated Tableau dashboard for monitoring and visualization of business current fraudulent activity to supplement monthly leadership reports. Optimized current company fraud defenses by a projected 7% and gained big data insights in current fraud-space trends See more positions Education University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Cum Laude Field Of Study Economics, Applied Statistics Minor Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 Dean's List: Fall '13, Spring '14, & Fall '14 Taiwanese American Student ClubVice President-Internal, Illinois Chinese Adopted Siblings Program (ICASP) Co-Director Volunteer Experience Youth Camp Counselor Company Name New England Chinese Youth Summer Camp Dates volunteered Aug 2011 – Aug 2014 Volunteer duration 3 yrs 1 mo Cause Children Skills Data Analysis Data Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Data Visualization Data Visualization Click and drag to reorder skills Scrum Scrum Click and drag to reorder skills Agile Methodologies Agile Methodologies Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Christine has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests Taiwanese American Students Club at UIUC 46 members University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business 46,537 followers Tableau Software Fans and Friends 40,385 members Nestlé Insights 17,913 followers University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 330,949 followers University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business 46,671 followers See all See all following
More Actions Fionnuala has a account Fionnuala Doherty Data Analyst at AIB AIB National College of Ireland Ireland 272 272 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name AIB Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Dublin, Ireland Telecoms Specialist Company Name AIB Dates Employed Apr 2001 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 12 yrs 10 mos Provision of 1st and 2nd level support for adds, moves, changes, incidents and problems for ROI, GB and NI across Fixed line and Mobile telephony, working with 3rd level and external support to resolve problems. Education National College of Ireland Field Of Study Data Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics. Griffith College Dublin Degree Name Grad. Diploma Field Of Study Computing Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Maynooth University Degree Name B.Science Field Of Study Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Telecommunications See 43 endorsements for Telecommunications 43 Telecommunications Endorsed by Mark Evans and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 27 of Fionnuala’s colleagues at AIB Click and drag to reorder skills Cisco Technologies See 23 endorsements for Cisco Technologies 23 Cisco Technologies Matthew Wills PIB APA and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Service Delivery See 23 endorsements for Service Delivery 23 Service Delivery Endorsed by 16 of Fionnuala’s colleagues at AIB Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Fionnuala has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses AIB Customised Cisco IPT training ver. 4.1 AIB Customised Cisco IPT training ver. 6 Aspect Cisco ICND1 & 2 Training Crystal Report writing Excel Advanced ITIL SDLC Practitioner Course Fionnuala has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Technical Lead Branch Call Centralisation Interests TNW 268,411 followers Hadoop User Group Ireland (HUG Ireland) 242 members Maynooth University 23,019 followers Griffith College Dublin 17,054 followers Oracle 2,119,572 followers Mobile 3,244,226 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amy has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Amy Coleman Sr. TA Ops Analyst at LinkedIn LinkedIn San Jose State University San Francisco Bay Area 494 494 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Amy’s Activity 544 followers Fun session working knife defense drills! Eric Abad Rohan Ramanath Menglin Brown Vibhu SaxenaLinda Fayad Amy liked Today marks my last day at LinkedIn. Over the past (almost) 3 years, i've spent each morning writing down 5 things i'm thankful for. On my last day, I can't seem to limit my gratitude to only 5 things. Throughout my time here, i've been granted so many opportunities to develop new skills, make a genuine impact, and help so many college students find opportunity. For anyone that is considering LinkedIn as a place of work, I definitely encourage you to come on board. I am amazed by the people i've been lucky enough to work with, and I will miss so many things about this company. Choosing to leave was a difficult decision, but I am excited and ready for the road ahead. I'll be stepping outside campus recruiting and into cyber security! Thank you to my team, leadership, my peers, and anyone else I was lucky enough to work with at LinkedIn! #LinkedInLife “If we wait until we're ready, we'll be waiting for the rest of our lives.” Amy commented See all activity Experience Senior Talent Acquisition Operations Analyst Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Talent Acquisition Operations Analyst Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos HR Operations Analyst, Talent Services Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Sunnyvale, CA Data Analyst, Talent Acquisition Technologies Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Sunnyvale, CA The best part about my job as a Data Analyst is being able to help the Talent Acquisition teams secure top talent for our organization. I help support the Talent Operations team with the backend data necessary for ensuring a smooth onboarding of all Canada, US and Brazil new hires and transfers. Additionally, I am response for auditing all Canada, US and Brazil offer letters and transfer letters, as well as overseeing the Offer Czar process. I provide Tier 1 support to the HRIT team, including monitoring multiple aliases and supporting our ATS systems, which includes: providing compliance guidelines; identifying and escalating bugs; maintaining confidential compensation and offer details; identifying training key points; and supporting the recruiting teams in each ATS. I work with multiple systems, including Jobvite, Workday, ServiceNow as well as a homegrown ATS. I enjoy the attention to detail that my position requires, as well as investigating and problem-solving issues our teams may face.I am currently working on the following fun and compelling projects:• New hire data integration from our ATS systems to Workday• Worldwide communication to Talent Acquisition regarding compensation updates• LI Recruiter auditing • Identifying key Talent Acquisition training improvements Media (1) This position has 1 media The HRIT Team! The HRIT Team! This media is an image Sales Manager Company Name Wedgewood Banquet Center Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 2 mos Location San Ramon, California At the Wedgewood Banquet Center, I worked in both the sales office and the banquet room. In the sales office I attended to regular office duties such as answering phone calls, responding to emails, and meeting with prospective clients and existing clients. I conducted wedding detail meetings and final meetings with existing clients, coordinated rehearsals, and led personal consultations with potential clients. In the banquet room, I led staff to ensure proper set up of the ceremony, cocktail hour and reception as well as coordinated the bridal party prior to the ceremony. During wedding and banquets, I helped pour toasts, distribute dinner and dessert, clean up, and flip the room for the next event. See more positions Education San Jose State University Degree Name Hospitality, Tourism and Event Management Field Of Study Event Management, Food & Beverage Management Grade 3.22 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Delta Zeta Sorority, The Society of Leadership & Success Graduated May 2013 with a 3.25 GPA. Was honored to represent graduating class at our department graduation on May 24, 2013. American High School Degree Name Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Be A Mentor Club President, Cheer Team Co-Captain, LINK Leader, Rally Commissioner Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Giants Community Fund Dates volunteered Nov 2011 – Nov 2011 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Animal Socializer Company Name San Jose Animal Care Center Dates volunteered Oct 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 8 mos Cause Animal Welfare We are a group of people who care about animals and are willing to give our time and love to the shelter animals to help relieve their stress and give them some enrichment during their stay at the shelter. The time we spend socializing them also helps them to feel somewhat comfortable being shown to the public so that they can be adopted. We are their only loving contact with humans while at the shelter. Featured Skills & Endorsements Time Management See 36 endorsements for Time Management 36 Time Management Endorsed by Sara Rubenstein and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Amy’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills PowerPoint See 24 endorsements for PowerPoint 24 PowerPoint Endorsed by Madison Knowles and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Amy’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word See 22 endorsements for Microsoft Word 22 Microsoft Word Endorsed by 2 of Amy’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (1) Leora Shani HR Generalist at Box April 28, 2015, Leora worked with Amy in different groups Amy helps support the Talent Services team through onboarding and is a key player in assisting us with hiring employees into Workday. Her attention to detail and organizational skills are great. She is always available for questions and partners seamlessly with our team as well as her finance and recruiting business partners. Thank you Amy for all your support! Tom Jemas Physical Security Specialist February 15, 2012, Tom managed Amy directly Amy is a bright, hard working person that is not afraid to make decisions. She has great instincts and will go far in any endevour she chooses. If I was going to start a business Amy would be one of the first people I would try to hire. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Rebecca Mockabee Administrative Assistant March 1, 2013, Amy worked with Rebecca in different groups Rebecca had every trait of a well trained Pebble Beach manager, without the training. I was so impressed with her professionalism and dedication to perfection. I recommended her as a Pebble Beach student manager, and when she came back in February for the Pro-Am Tournament she did a phenomenal job. I hope to work with Rebecca again in the future! Accomplishments Amy has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Techniques For Effective Alcohol Management (TEAM) CPR, First Aid & AED ServSafe Amy has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Delta Zeta Sorority The Society of Leadership and Success (Sigma Alpha Pi) Interests DevTestCo "Quote" 775 followers Starbucks 791,503 followers Pebble Beach Resorts 7,624 followers Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,356,828 followers Pulse 1,535,156 followers LinkedIn 2,127,765 followers See all See all following
More Actions Adam has a account Adam Phillips Business Data Analyst Lokad University of Hertfordshire Paris Area, France 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an innovative thinker and problem-solver with 20 years experience in the analysis, design, architecture and implementation of applications, with speciality in large-scale data, SQL Server BI stack, MySQL, PHP, Excel and VBA.I have personally designed and developed an internet search engine, an enterprise CMS, a mobile GPS game, a flexible VBA-based Excel data entry solution and a multi-variance testing system. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Data Analyst Company Name Lokad Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Founder and CTO Company Name Strabo Games Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location London, Paris Strabo Games creates highly innovative and entertaining real-life, outdoor video games - driven by compelling stories and experienced through mobile, location-based technologyOur technology allows you to play games on a mobile device using geolocation capabilities to offer fun activities requiring moving around in a defined virtual play area, either alone or as part of a team. You interact with both real and virtual elements in order to win the game, or to stop your enemies or friends from winning. Excel/VBA Data Analyst Developer (Contract) Company Name CACI Ltd Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Supported and re-developing Excel / VBA / Cognos / SQL Server based reports. Re-engineered processes with signifcant time savings and improved process stability. Implemented automated data ingestion and report creation. Senior Analyst Developer (Contract) Company Name Fast Thinking - Marketing in Real Time Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 11 mos I am responsible for analysis, design, build, implementation and maintenance of a large-scale data platform and tools for marketing data. I work heavily with marketing data in PHP and MySQL, Excel manipulated with VBA, and I also developed and maintain the AWS stack (EC2, RDS, S3, Pig) Lead Data Analyst (Contract) Company Name LBi Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom Responsibility for development, maintenance, refinement and efficiency of a large scale data warehouse for hundreds of digital marketing analytics clients. See more positions Education University of Hertfordshire Degree Name Software Engineering Field Of Study Software Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1992 Activities and Societies: Local Campus DJ, Football Team Software Engineering Volunteer Experience Data Management Company Name Represent Us Dates volunteered Dec 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 6 mos Cause Politics I manage data for Represent Us - a volunteer only organisation dedicated to pushing the UK parliament towards a representative Brexit. We campaign across all parties to make the final Brexit deal accountable and measurable. Featured Skills & Endorsements SEM See 26 endorsements for SEM 26 SEM Yoan Bassinet and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills A/B testing See 8 endorsements for A/B testing 8 A/B testing Yoan Bassinet and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Multivariate Testing See 8 endorsements for Multivariate Testing 8 Multivariate Testing Endorsed by 2 of Adam’s colleagues at Diffiniti Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (8) Harv Bamrah Analytics & Insight Integration Manager at MEC January 29, 2016, Adam worked with Harv in the same group I had the privilege of working with Adam Phillips whilst at CACI. Adam Phillips was one of the most dedicated professionals that I have worked with. Forward thinking and proactive, he is a great asset to any company. He has an extensive knowledge, and his open-minded approach could not be overestimated. Rohaan Thavarajan Senior Data Analyst at TMB Marketing & Communications January 28, 2016, Rohaan managed Adam directly Adam worked as a contractor in my team for a period of around 4 months. His brief was to redesign the existing VBA process used for our weekly service, making it more efficient and user friendly. He far exceeded the expectations I had, by not only meeting the requirements we outlined. But by adding extra functionality and flexibility, spawned by his own investigations. He also left extensive documentation for the new processes he designed.I found him to be a very knowledgeable and likeable individual. He regularly aided myself with other VBA and SQL queries within the team. I was very impressed by not only his expertise in the areas, but also his creative and versatile way of approaching a problem. I have always found this to be a key skill in a programmer. He was also always keen to help other members of the team and eager to take on tasks as required. I strongly recommend Adam based on the work I have seen from him in the past and would definitely reacquire his services should a similar role appear. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Oli Pyke Team Lead, Agile Evangelist and Promoter of modern Software Engineering Best Practices September 29, 2016, Oli worked with Adam in the same group Oli is a great analyst / developer who can quickly and accurately get his head around any problem. Quick to learn, quick to understand and quick to implement due to his in-depth knowledge of the environments and languages that he masters. Oli was everyone's go-to person for tech answers. He would be a wonderful asset to any development project. Rohaan Thavarajan Senior Data Analyst at TMB Marketing & Communications January 26, 2016, Adam reported directly to Rohaan I worked for Rohaan as a contractor for around 4 months and in this found him to be a very friendly, knowledgeable and helpful person. He made sure that I had everything I needed to do my job right at my fingertips, with no obstructions from process or politics. He headed a team that gels well because of his influence. He is a very effective manager and also knows a great deal about data analysis and client liaison. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Adam has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications The Digital Garage Duolingo French Fluency: Advanced (Estimated) Adam has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Adam has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course MetEd Skywarn Spotter Adam has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project LBi Dashboard - Data Warehouse integration Interests LinkedSEO 50,832 members InterQuest Group 36,559 followers Duolingo 233,762 followers Afiniti.com 8,142 followers Pulse 1,535,157 followers Xcede 22,525 followers See all See all following
More Actions Megan has a account Megan Marra Jones Analytics Leader Red Hat University of South Florida Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Megan’s Articles & Activity 1,024 followers What to Measure: Using Metrics and Dashboards to Prove Value Megan Marra Jones on LinkedIn See 1 more article Open secret: CEO plays up the human factor in Red Hat's open-source growth - SiliconANGLE Megan liked See all activity Experience Manager, Customer Experience and Engagement Analytics Company Name Red Hat Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area Director of Analytics Company Name Capstrat Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area As Director of Analytics, I was tasked with helping our clients measure the effectiveness of their online and offline marketing and communications campaigns, and delivering insights that help drive business decisions. My job included:Analytics consultation and implementation: Working with internal and external clients to determine KPIs and tools necessary to prove success of a campaign, and implementing a custom solution that fits their business needs. Website analysis: Analyzing website visitor behavior, including top content, traffic sources and user paths that lead to conversions, and using this data to enhance the website for optimal performance. I have experience using many different web analytics tools, including Google Analytics, Adobe SiteCatalyst, Coremetrics and WebTrends. Online and offline campaign analysis: Evaluating campaigns based on predetermined goals and key targets, and providing insights for optimization.Optimization and testing: A/B and multivariate testing of website content, email marketing and advertising to determine what works best and produces the highest conversion rates.Dashboard development and reporting automation: Creating custom dashboards for clients that match their business objectives, and automating reports to improve efficiency. Media (1) This position has 1 media Universal Analytics: Attribution in a Multi-device World - Triangle AMA Universal Analytics: Attribution in a Multi-device World - Triangle AMA This media is a link Analytics Manager Company Name Capstrat Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area As Analytics Manager at Capstrat, I provided actionable insights and digital strategy through analytics. I managed a multitude of services including web analytics implementation and reporting, testing and optimization, SEO strategy, digital advertising analysis, social media measurement and survey development and analysis for Capstrat clients. Some of these clients included Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina, AICPA, Deloitte and Quintiles. I also supported new business development for the agency through drafting proposals and RFP responses, and attended new business pitches.Google Analytics Individual Qualification (IQ) certified. Manager, Analytics | Web Analytics, Digital Marketing & Client Management Company Name Triad Retail Media Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area Supported the VP of Analytics with planning and project management for internal initiatives, including department strategy, road maps, reporting enhancements and more.Managed a team of four analysts with the focus of driving insight, strategy and business intelligence through data analysis.Analysis and reporting for interactive brand page experiences and microsites on national retail sites such as Walmart, Sam's Club, eBay, Toys R Us/Babies R Us, CVS, Shutterfly and 1-800-Flowers.Dedicated analyst on Walmart.com account, managing and producing both internal and client deliverables from start to finish.Provided insights behind user behavior on supplier brand pages including traffic, engagement and other KPI metrics.Completion of ad hoc requests from various internal departments, pertaining to online media and site metrics.Ensured the quality of numerous deliverables that met internal stakeholder expectations in a timely manner. Senior Web Analyst, Digital Marketing Analyst | Web Analytics, Digital Marketing & Client Management Company Name Triad Retail Media Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area Analysis and reporting for interactive brand pages and microsites on national retail sites for Walmart, Sam's Club, Toys R Us/Babies R Us, CVS, Shutterfly and 1-800-Flowers.Dedicated analyst on Sam's Club account, managing and producing both internal and client deliverables from start to finish.Provided insights behind user behavior on supplier brand pages including visit frequency, length and interaction.Completion of ad hoc requests from various internal departments, pertaining to online media and site metrics.Ensured the quality of numerous deliverables that met internal stakeholder expectations in a timely manner. See more positions Education University of South Florida Degree Name Bachelors Degree; Course work Field Of Study Mass Communications: Public Relations, Advertising, Journalism, Computers, Marketing and Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Public Relations Student Society of America USF College of Arts and Science Honor Society USF Dean's List of Scholars Florida Bright Futures Scholarship recipient Graduated Cum Laude Volunteer Experience Director of Analytics Company Name Triangle AMA Dates volunteered Jun 2015 – Jun 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology Featured Skills & Endorsements Digital Marketing See 51 endorsements for Digital Marketing 51 Digital Marketing Endorsed by Will Cohen and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Megan’s colleagues at Capstrat Click and drag to reorder skills Web Analytics See 35 endorsements for Web Analytics 35 Web Analytics Endorsed by Erik Ford and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Megan’s colleagues at Capstrat Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media Marketing See 28 endorsements for Social Media Marketing 28 Social Media Marketing Endorsed by Mechell Lord and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Megan’s colleagues at Capstrat Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (10) Given (10) J. Garrett Owens --- August 6, 2012, J. Garrett worked with Megan in different groups Megan is a pleasure to work with. She is attentive to detail, optimistic and intelligent. She is able to clearly communicate on in-depth marketing analytics and is able to exceptionally analyze and report on the effectiveness of marketing efforts in order to gain insight into future opportunities. She is a delight to be around and will no doubt make any team stronger with her analytical experience. Rachel Costello Senior Vice President of Account Management & Revenue Operations at Triad Retail Media July 30, 2012, Rachel was senior to Megan but didn’t manage directly Megan consitantly went above and beyond her day to day role to support the business. The insights she drove for the overall business to support future opportunities with both publishers and clients alike were invaluable to the sales and marketing organization. I would partner with Megan again in a heart beat and she is a valuable asset to any team. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Meraya Pegg Digital Marketer, Business Analyst, Data Visualization Enthusiast October 3, 2012, Meraya worked with Megan in the same group Meraya is one of the hardest workers I have had the pleasure of working with. She knows what it takes to get the job done, and she does it without hesitation or regard. I can honestly say that I learned a lot from working with Meraya, as she is an extremely intelligent and confident woman. She's going to be successful in anything she does, because it's just in her nature. I'd recommend Meraya to any company that would be worthy of her talent and tenacity. J. Garrett Owens --- August 6, 2012, Megan worked with J. Garrett in different groups On every occasion that I had the opportunity to work with Garrett on a project at Triad, I was consistently impressed by his professionalism and extensive knowledge of social/mobile marketing and emerging technologies. Garrett was the person you would turn to if you had a question regarding new tools, applications or programs. Not only was he willing to take the time to explain things in a way that everyone could understand, but he did it with a smile on his face and with great patience. His technical knowledge, his passion for emerging marketing tools and his friendly demeanor make Garrett a true asset to any company, and I would love to be able to work with him again. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Megan has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications What to Measure: Using Metrics and Dashboards to Prove Value Triangle AMA Blog Megan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Google Analytics Individual Qualification (IQ) Megan has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Google Analytics IQ Certified Megan has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Triangle Chapter, American Marketing Association Interests 2012 Tampa Bay Host Committee 450 members Lenovo ThinkStation 2,456 followers Visit Tampa Bay 5,001 followers AMA Triangle 496 followers RDataMining: R and Data Mining 25,912 members Moxie 17,716 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brandon has a account Brandon Kwong Fusion Human Capital Management Specialist Xerox California State University-Long Beach League City, Texas 211 211 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm passionate about technology with a forward thinking approach to streamline business operations.• 3+ years in systems analysis, design, development, and implementation of application software.• Excellent understanding of user requirements, preparing functional documentation, development, and testing. Human Capital Management Fusion and JDE enterprise resource planning systems.• Strong background in reporting analytics utilizing OTBI, OTBIE and ReportsNow.• Knowledgeable on auditing large data sets across disparate business systems for an organization.• Team player with excellent verbal and written communication skills. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Human Capital Management Specialist Company Name Xerox Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Houston, Texas Area HRIS Associate Data Analyst Company Name Molina Healthcare Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Remote in League City, Texas • Successfully worked with IT in the implementation of Fusion HR Connect by validating JDE extract source data for the conversion and upload into Fusion HR Connect• Managing the data integrity for downstream synchronization for all other systems, which include Active Directory, iServe, Asset Track, iLearn, Planon, Concur, Kronos and JDE• Primary liaison between the Human Capital Management and IT HR for reporting and resolving system issues, conducting testing for upgrades, and assistance with all other system related tasks• Responsible for all Fusion extract source data that is transformed and uploaded in to JDE on a regular schedule• Subject Matter expert for all Fusion HR Connect mappings to the JDE data items for employee profiles• Document and create new business work flows to provide better efficiency of transactional processes• Create reports using OTBI, OTBIE, and Reports Now for managers, directors, and HR Partners across the organization on employment data Business System Analyst Company Name Molina Healthcare Dates Employed May 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Long Beach, California • Support users in the existing environment, including management of issues and troubleshooting • Map business processes into JDE applications and functions.Prepare design documents and technical specifications and configure application functionality.• Prepare use cases testing scripts to ensure quality delivery of customizations.• Work with technical personnel and other IT employees to provide seamless throughput between applications throughout the organization.• Create and troubleshoot reports through the various reporting tools in place.• Train users and power users of the respective business functions in functionality, reporting and dashboard tools (Business Intelligence and ERP reporting) Professional Development Intern Company Name Molina Healthcare Dates Employed Oct 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Long Beach, Ca • Assist with the development, implementation, and maintenance of release management within a new enterprise application (Service Now)• Validate and upload data to a technology business management system for managing IT costs (Apptio)• Draft and create documentation for the business users• Support team members with their day-to-day business responsibilities Student Professional Worker Company Name Port of Los Angeles Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location San Pedro, CA • Used the Enterprise Resource Planning system to create requisitions, analyze fixed assets, and analyze the general ledger (Oracle E-Business Suite)• Organized and maintained accounting documents to the internal share drive• Processed work orders for fixed assets• Trained co-workers with specific processes of the Enterprise Resource Planning system See more positions Education California State University-Long Beach Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Business Management Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 11 endorsements for Microsoft Office 11 Microsoft Office Nicolas Andres Lippa and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word See 9 endorsements for Microsoft Word 9 Microsoft Word Catherine Agustin and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 9 endorsements for Customer Service 9 Customer Service Catherine Agustin and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brandon has 6 courses 6 Expand courses section Courses Business Intelligence Databse Programming C# Systems Analysis and Design Systems Integration and Security Telecommunications Brandon has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CSULB Business Communication Certification of Proficiency Interests Port of Los Angeles 5,785 followers Apple 3,419,335 followers California State University-Long Beach 167,531 followers Microsoft 3,687,159 followers Xerox 683,877 followers Russell Reynolds Associates 63,169 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hilary has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Hilary Parker Data Scientist at Stitch Fix Stitch Fix The Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Hello, I’m Hilary Parker! I’m a Senior Data Analyst at Etsy, where I help product teams with data-driven development, via experimentation, opportunity sizing and impact analysis.I got my Ph.D. from the department of Biostatistics at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, working with Jeff Leek. I studied genomics, and built tools to help researchers use genomic technologies in personalized medicine applications.I graduated from Pomona College in 2008, where I double-majored in Mathematics and Molecular Biology. True to my liberal arts upbringing, I’m a passionate teacher. Most notably, I taught an introductory Biostatistics class at the American University of Armenia (and kept a pretty cool travel blog along the way). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Stitch Fix Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location San Francisco Senior Data Analyst Company Name Etsy Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Brooklyn, NY Data Analyst Company Name Etsy Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Mentor in Residence Company Name TechStars Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Lead Teaching Assistant Company Name The Johns Hopkins School of Public Health Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Baltimore, MD Served for two consecutive years as one of two lead teaching assistant for "Statistical Methods in Public Health" -- a 500+ person introductory Biostatistics course. Responsibilities included leading lab sessions (50-minute lectures with time for question/answer sessions), testing and proctoring exams, and grading. See more positions Education The Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Biostatistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health Degree Name MHS in Biostatistics (Bioinformatics Program) Field Of Study Biostatistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 Pomona College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Mathematics; Molecular Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Volunteer Experience Editorial Board, Signifiance Magazine Company Name Royal Statistical Society Dates volunteered Jan 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 5 mos I am an ASA-nominated editorial board member of Significance Magazine. Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 74 endorsements for Statistics 74 Statistics Endorsed by Hadley Wickham and 27 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Hilary’s colleagues at Etsy Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 64 endorsements for Data Analysis 64 Data Analysis Endorsed by Nicholas Horton and 19 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Hilary’s colleagues at Etsy Click and drag to reorder skills Biostatistics See 63 endorsements for Biostatistics 63 Biostatistics Endorsed by Elizabeth Sweeney and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 18 of Hilary’s colleagues at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Hilary has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Methods in Biostatistics I-VI Advanced Statistical Theory Foundations of Statistical Inference Introduction to Statistical Theory I-II Practical Machine Learning: Methods and Algorithmics Probability Theory I-II Statistical Computing Hilary has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Helen Abbey Award for Excellence in Teaching Gertrude M. Cox Scholarship, Honorable Mention Hopkins Sommer Scholar Bruce J. Levy Prize in Mathematics Howard Hughes Medical Institute Undergraduate Summer Research Grant Hilary has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications Conversations on Data Science Preserving biological heterogeneity with a permuted surrogate variable analysis for genomics batch correction. Hillary: The Most Poisoned Baby Name in U.S. History The practical effect of batch on genomic prediction The sva package for removing batch effects and other unwanted variation in high-throughput experiments Hilary has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations American Statistical Association American Mathematical Society Eastern North American Region/International Biometric Society Hilary has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Hilary has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Lightening Talk, A Breakfast Engagement Ignite Talk, Strata Conference + Hadoop World Interests Stitch Fix 24,413 followers American Statistical Association 7,600 members Chad DickersonChad Dickerson is a LinkedIn Influencer Former Etsy CEO 236,830 followers Pomona College 17,109 followers Women in Data Science (WiDS) 1,116 members Pulse 1,535,158 followers See all See all following
More Actions Taylor has a account Taylor Tuscherer Data Analyst at 84.51˚ 84.51˚ Miami University Chicago, Illinois 215 215 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Curious, detailed-oriented behavioral scientist with experience turning data into insights. Demonstrated ability to extract meaning from quantitative and qualitative research and communicate findings to technical and non-technical audiences alike. Have collaborated on several teams with diverse skillsets to find innovative approaches to study complex issues. Independent learner able to acquire new skills quickly and develop deep understanding of unfamiliar topics with minimal guidance. Succeed when advocating for data-driven solutions to problems.Key Skills: Statistics (regression, ANOVA, factor analysis, structural equation modeling); Experimental Design; Oral and Written Communication; Survey Design; Segmentation; Project ManagementSoftware and Programming Proficiencies: SAS (3 years experience); SQL (1 year experience); SPSS (7 years experience);MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint; 10+ years experience) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name 84.51˚ Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Chicago, IL Pull and analyze data from transaction and customer databases of nation’s largest grocery retailer (Kroger). Conduct basic (e.g., calculate KPIs) and advanced (e.g., predictive models, clustering) analytics in SAS on retail data from micro (e.g., UPC) and macro (e.g., store division) levels. Build and present deliverables in several formats (Excel workbooks, Tableau dashboards, PowerPoint presentations) to internal (Kroger) and external CPG (e.g., PepsiCo, Procter & Gamble, ConAgra) clients. Work on cross-functional teams to develop new products and solutions. Lecturer in Psychology Company Name Lake Forest College Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Lake Forest, IL Adjunct faculty during Spring semesters. Teach small classes (15-30 students) on topics that span the psychology discipline. Graduate Research Assistant Company Name Miami University Dates Employed Aug 2010 – May 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Gained five years of data analysis experience (SPSS, SAS, Excel). Became well-versed in several statistical (multiple regression, factor analysis, structural equation modeling, ANOVA) and data restructuring techniques. Contributed to three different research teams on multiple projects simultaneously. Engaged 74 students as instructor of record for two courses on core principles of social psychology and one course on behavioral statistics. Acquired expertise in measurement of people’s attitudes and prediction of people’s behaviors. Distilled quantitative and qualitative research across multiple studies into evidence-based recommendations for addressing important issues (e.g., teen bullying, prejudice, discrimination).Notable Achievements:+ Awarded National Science Foundation fellowship with competitively selected research proposal (total award: $126,000).+ Recognized for outstanding research with departmental award based on authorship of six manuscripts (four published, two currently under peer review) and 15 conference presentations. + Served as principal investigator on over 70 original studies on human thought and behavior.+ Nominated for mentoring award by three undergraduate mentees. Consumer Product Research Intern Company Name Procter & Gamble Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Quickly became conversant with P&G’s men’s shave care products and issues facing men’s grooming market. Designed methodology, wrote questionnaires, and planned analytic strategy for two consumer experience studies. Extracted findings from those studies to develop strategies to increase product conversion and consumer satisfaction. Communicated actionable data to product engineers in one long (18 pages) and several short (3-5 pages) reports.Notable Achievements+ Leveraged behavioral science expertise to conduct segmentation research that revealed unmet consumer needs and supported development of innovative ways to improve products to increase brand’s market share.+ Engaged Principal Scientist with a PowerPoint presentation that synthesized findings across multiple studies and grounded them in established theories of human behavior. Education Miami University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Social Psychology; Applied Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Graduate Representative to the Psychology Department, Psychology Delegate to Graduate Student Association, Undergraduate Research Committee of University Senate, ad hoc Reviewer (European Journal of Social Psychology, Social Psychological and Personality Science) Miami University Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Lake Forest College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Psychology Grade magna cum laude; Phi Beta Kappa Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Student Ambassadors (tour guide), Residence Life (Resident Assistant), Academic Resources and Review Committee, Student Academic and Advisory Committee (Psychology Department), Richter Scholar Summer Research Apprenticeship, Psi Chi, Orientation Guide Featured Skills & Endorsements Research Methodology See 2 endorsements for Research Methodology 2 Research Methodology Michael Bernstein and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SPSS See 10 endorsements for SPSS 10 SPSS Alexandra Hummel, M.A. and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 3 endorsements for SAS 3 SAS Kathleen Meyer and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Taylor has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Capretta Award for Outstanding Graduate Research Conference Travel Award Graduate Research Fellowship Sterling Price Williams Prize in Psychology Senior 25 Taylor has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations Society for Personality and Social Psychology Midwestern Psychological Association Phi Beta Kappa Psi Chi Taylor has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications What’s Love Got to Do with It? Sexual Prejudice Predicts Unitization of Men in Same-Sex Romantic Relationships Never Let Them See You Cry: Self-Presentation as a Moderator of the Relationship between Exclusion and Implicit and Explicit Self-Esteem Responses to Exclusion Are Moderated by Its Perceived Fairness Suspicion of White People's Motives Relates to Relative Accuracy in Detecting External Motivation to Respond without Prejudice Interests Pulse 1,535,158 followers Mattersight Corporation 4,097 followers Miami University 158,252 followers Lake Forest College Alumni Network 3,116 members Ipsos 88,445 followers Miami University 154,678 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andi has a account Andi Mohr Business Performance Data Analyst, Media & Marketing SCC The University of Manchester Birmingham, United Kingdom 204 204 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I transform unloved and underused business data into valuable intelligence, enabling users to better understand their own business, make better decisions and improve their processes. Reports & Analysis- Business Dashboards- Dynamic reporting to help others find insights- Information Visualisation (ie reports that look great and are actually useful)- Analysis of all sorts (performance, data, processes etc)Data Handling- Process design/management- Automation - Master data management- Data structure design- Dirty data cleansing & improvement- SQL Server, Business Objects- Excel (advanced), VBA, PowerPivot, DAX- SharepointMarketing & Web- Website design, usability, accessibility, branding/identity- HTML, CSS, XML, Wordpress- Email marketing, PPC, Social Media- PR & print media- Photoshop, Illustrator- CRM & Customer Segmentation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Performance Team Leader - Data Analysis Company Name SCC Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Birmingham, United Kingdom Reporting and analysis for a wide variety of departments across SCC, with a focus on cleaning up messy, unstructured data - both in-system and tackling the processes that put the bad data there.My key skill lies in taking an area of the business that has previously had little attention, diving into the data (usually not very well structured - if at all) to try and whip the data into shape so we can quickly start getting useful information that the business can absorb easily (if users can't understand the reporting I've wasted our time!) to either make better decisions or alter processes to improve outcomes. Often the initial work leads onto more interesting questions and the reports I've piloted can be either automated by me or one of the team, or handed across to IT to distribute through the more standard reporting tools. Media Co-ordinator, West Midlands Company Name Green Party of England and Wales Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location West Midlands Run the media team for the Green Party in the West Midlands, covering the metro area of Birmingham / Black Country / Solihull / Coventry, Staffordshire, Shropshire, Warwickshire, Worcestershire and Herefordshire.Press & broadcast PR, social media, video, web, media campaigns co-ordination, etc.I was press officer for James Burn's highly-commended 2017 campaign for West Midlands Mayor. Media (1) This position has 1 media Green Party West Midlands Mayor Manifesto 2017 Green Party West Midlands Mayor Manifesto 2017 This media is a document Board Member Company Name Castle and Crystal Credit Union Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Dudley, United Kingdom Castle & Crystal serve 4,000+ savers & borrowers across Dudley borough and beyond. Marketing Insight Team Leader Company Name SCC (IT247.com) Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Birmingham, United Kingdom A new position was created for me, to set up a data analysis / marketing insight team, turning "data" into something actually useful. We produced automated, bespoke reporting and analytical solutions to senior management in Sales & Marketing.In addition, my team had responsibility for CRM, PPC and automation of rich web content. We used various combinations of technologies to manipulate data and pump information into various company sites. I had a small group in Romania tasked with constantly cleaning our CRM data in response to customer/marketing/sales actions and used email marketing automation to run narrowly targeted campaigns. Product Manager / Product Marketing Company Name SCC (IT247.com) Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Birmingham, United Kingdom Responsibility for marketing desktop PCs B2B, quickly taking on monitors, memory and printers as well (previously two people's jobs!).I maintained product portfolios and held relationships with big vendors like HP, Fujitsu, Lenovo, Canon, LG etc, negotiating some vendor funds as well as agreeing and executing marketing plans. Marketing channels were monthly catalogues, weekly emails and the telesales team. In 2007, SCC bought IT247, an online reseller. I took on new responsibilities to source new tactical, deal stock for IT247 which we could turn around quickly and make a healthy margin. I became a bit of a data analysis guru and was heavily involved in running IT247.com. See more positions Education The University of Manchester Degree Name BSc (Hons) Field Of Study Geology (plus German & Russian) Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Taekwondo King Edward VI Five Ways Grammar School & Sixth Form Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 2000 Volunteer Experience Question Answerer (and occasional Asker) Company Name SuperUser.com (sister site to StackOverflow) Dates volunteered Oct 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 8 mos Cause Science and Technology I've helped nearly 1 million people* through people reading the questions I've answered and asked on SuperUser.com, mainly related to Excel, but other stuff too.*They seem to think that's true anyway! Here's my profile:http://superuser.com/users/151054/andi-mohr Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis Data Analysis No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Data Visualization Data Visualization No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Master Data Management Master Data Management No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Boota Singh Sivia Lead Proposition, Enterprise Marketing Manager, Product Managment, Marketing Campaigns, Event Management, Social Media April 7, 2011, Andi worked with Boota Singh in the same group Andi is a highly capable, driven and talented professional. He has a keen eye for detail and works hard to create good working partnerships. He is passionate about his work and is always striving to ensure that he works with his internal and external customers in the best possible way.Andi always ensures that he shares his knowledge and experience as well as learning and gaining information from others. Tim Beaumont Managing Director - NEMO Group July 27, 2011, Tim managed Andi directly Andi's really bright, has a positive approach to problem solving and is a great team player. He is extremely hard working and has an in-depth knowledge of all things online. He also took hold of the data projects and brought some clear thinking and a methodical approach to the issues. Susan Jones Video Producer. Green promotions by a Redhead. January 11, 2017, Andi was a client of Susan’s Susan produced a series of videos for the West Midlands Green Party, topped off with a 'flagship' video that we launched at our regional conference. Susan was fantastic - she interviewed our members, helped them in how they presented themselves and pulled together an inspiring set of scripts with an effective narrative. Our flagship video was incredibly well received - our social media channels racked up piles of likes in response and we're hoping the strong message the video sends will motivate many new people to support or join us. The great thing as a client is that Susan just gets on with it, and produces something special without needing lots of micromanagement - which makes life easier for me :) I hope to work with Susan a lot more in future! Boota Singh Sivia Lead Proposition, Enterprise Marketing Manager, Product Managment, Marketing Campaigns, Event Management, Social Media April 5, 2011, Boota Singh worked with Andi in the same group I've worked with Boota on many campaigns over the years. He brings a fresh approach - I've never known him to just rely on what's been done before or fall into the trap of marketing by template. He understands how to successfully convey (often complex) solutions to busy people. Definitely somebody who gets results! Accomplishments Andi has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Competitive Strategy (Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München (LMU)), Coursera Gamification (Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania), Coursera Human-Computer Interaction (Stanford University), Coursera Nanotechnology: the Basics (Rice University), Coursera Andi has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French German dabble in various others (inc Russian, Mandarin, Japanese, Italian etc) Andi has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Green Party SICM Sevens Interests Dudley Council 2,934 followers The University of Manchester 247,983 followers Castle and Crystal Credit Union 13 followers Green Party of England and Wales 2,052 followers The University of Manchester 237,061 followers
More Actions Melissa has a account Melissa Leong Global Data Licensing Services (GDLS) Senior Analyst at CME Group CME Group University of Illinois at Chicago Greater Chicago Area 493 493 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Global Data Licensing Services (GDLS) Senior Analyst Company Name CME Group Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Chicago • Understand divisional objectives and support GDLS management to protect and grow global revenues• Develop and generate reports and analyses based on vendor and subscriber information; includes conducting moderately to complex financial and usage analysis• Analyze and pre-qualify license applications for management approval, working with clients on licensing documents and initial stages of onboarding.• Execute projects to identify competitive exchange details, industry trends, customer impact of potential commercial changes • Grow and maintain knowledge levels of real time and derived data policies, fees and customers• Develop relationships with other business units globally to effectively analyze key client behaviors• Substantiate and reconcile reports to resolve discrepancies on reporting and compliance issues Global Lead Market Data Analyst Company Name Societe Generale/Newedge Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 7 yrs 11 mos • Manage team responsible for inventory, internal allocations, booking of services, contracts, and payment of accounts for all Market Data vendors globally.• Coordinate all Market Data contracts, pricing, declarations, and the ordering of equipment for traders and head of business lines.• Compile and submit all reporting for various exchanges such as DACs, CME, Fidessa, NYSE, OPRA, TSX, NASDAQ OMX, Dow Jones, FTSE, etc. • Work daily with Traders and division heads, providing cost analysis, data queries, and profile reports on all services and products within Market Data.• Run all system inventory Interfaces on a monthly and quarterly basis.• Acquired eSolution divisional reporting and billing responsibilities. Worked with development team to create new system interface to support various eSolution reporting and billing functions. • Review and track Market Data budget compared to actual spend firm wide. Answer and field all questions concerning market data usage and spend. Sr Market Data Analyst Company Name CME Group Dates Employed 2016 – 2016 Employment Duration less than a year Analyst Company Name United services company Dates Employed 2008 – 2008 Employment Duration less than a year Location Greater Chicago Area • Run reports and perform analysis on all divisions. Responsible for all P & L work on a weekly basis. • Make entries and balance expense ledgers, sales journals, and all payroll summaries. • Update and maintain inventory and data base counts of weekly, monthly, and yearly net sales and statistics.• Created spreadsheets and updated books with weekly numbers for P & L analysis reports.• Process weekly profit and loss data sheets - send analysis work to CFO, managers, and president of the company to review weekly. Senior Market Data Analyst Company Name UBS Dates Employed 2004 – 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater Chicago Area • Processed month end books for all Global Asset Management UK and Price Machine divisions. • Pulled reports, analyzed current months market data expenditures, submitted reports, made Journal Entries, booked accruals in accordance with Sarbanes Oxley (SOX)• Maintained inventory, pricing, services, contracts, and payment of Market Data accounts.• Worked directly with traders and business analysts, running pricing profiles, charge reports, and price analysis on all Market Data services.• Direct hands on involvement with outsourcing duties to newly created India Service Center. Experience included intensive training, planning, documenting, and supporting for our ISC team onshore and offshore. See more positions Education University of Illinois at Chicago Degree Name Finance and Marketing/Management Field Of Study Emphasis in Finance Grade A-/B+ Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 (Dual Degrees) BS in Finance along with a separate BS in Management and Marketing University of Illinois at Chicago Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Finance and Marketing Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name PAWS Chicago Dates volunteered Aug 2004 – May 2007 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 10 mos Cause Animal Welfare Worked as help aid to care for kittens and cats in need. Carried out various tasks such as feeding, medicine administration, clean up duty, and fielded adoption questionnaires. Also participated in all yearly charity benefits. Featured Skills & Endorsements Market Data See 16 endorsements for Market Data 16 Market Data Endorsed by 8 of Melissa’s colleagues at Newedge Click and drag to reorder skills Trading Systems See 16 endorsements for Trading Systems 16 Trading Systems Endorsed by Joe Campagna 🔹, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Melissa’s colleagues at Newedge Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 10 endorsements for Equities 10 Equities Endorsed by Brian McDonald and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Melissa’s colleagues at Newedge Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Laura Costello Head of Finance and Accounting at INTTRA August 27, 2013, Laura was senior to Melissa but didn’t manage directly Melissa plays a critical role in managing market data expenses for Newedge Group on a global basis. Aside from doing a superb job managing day to day operations, Melissa was responsible for several major projects, including bringing onboard the management of global client inventory invoices of over $1MM per month from a manual process to a robust and accurate market data management system under difficult conditions. Melissa also resolved equity exchange issues with client inventory that could have resulted in significant financial exposure.Melissa is responsive to clients, bright, accurate, articulate, reliable and quite simply a great employee. In the 2 years I worked with her, I saw her grow exponentially. Todd Hall Global Head Contract Compliance and Recovery at Chain IQ Group September 4, 2013, Todd managed Melissa directly Melissa worked on my team and was an excellent employee. She always did whatever was necessary to complete her work and took pride in what she did. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Melissa has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese- Cantonese English Interests Market Data Analyst 2,051 members Bloomberg LP 716,409 followers MDSL 4,092 followers University of Illinois at Chicago 164,862 followers Thomson Reuters 1,146,953 followers CME Group 44,559 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nadia has a account Nadia Novikova Data Scientist Ontario College Application Service (OCAS) University of Waterloo Waterloo, Ontario, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Over five years of experience in analytics & reporting for customer analysis and process improvement.• Expertise in data visualizations, dashboard design and automation, and reporting.• Solid understanding of big data concepts, ETL processes, data mining, manipulation, modelling, and statistical analysis.• Self-motivated and adaptable to fast-paced work environments with varying project needs.TECHNICAL SKILLS• Strong background in data visualization, report development and optimization in QlikView, Excel, SSRS, SAP Business Objects. Comfortable with Google Analytics, Omniture, Tableau.• Experience with data processing using open source Big Data technology, HDFS, Hive. Some experience with Pig, R.• Knowledge of analytics in Oracle, MS SQL server, mySQL; scripting ni PL/T-SQL, SSIS; familiarity with SSAS, SSRS.• Skills in data manipulation and statistical analysis in SAS, R, mySQL; understanding of MATLAB, Octave.• Working knowledge of MS Excel and Access, VBA, and automation using batch, vbscript. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Manager, Business Intelligence Company Name Ontario College Application Service (OCAS) Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Business Data Analyst Company Name Ontario College Application Service (OCAS) Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Data Mining Report Analyst Company Name BlackBerry Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Waterloo, Ontario Dashboard Design• Designs, develops and supports dashboards (QlikView) to expose complicated back-end data in a consumable manner, consolidates and optimizes data loads from multiple sources (Oracle, SQL, Hadoop/Hive, flat files).• Supports data democratization initiatives by leading meetings with business leaders to document their requirements as it relates to data analytics and reporting, arranges necessary partnerships.• Conducts ad-hoc analytics (Oracle, Hive, Pig) and reporting (QlikView, Excel) to surface new data and insights.Data Mining and Analytics• Creates datasets of fundamental customer base metrics, including usage behavior, social graphs, churn measurement, enterprise penetration/adoption, and correlations between disparate infrastructure systems.• Works with application development teams to ensure the data is of consistently high quality and business units can make the best use of the available data. Business Data Analyst Company Name Sun Life Financial Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Waterloo, Ontario Special Projects Team (Feb 2012 - Nov 2012)• Facilitated data migration project to build operation-wide data model, migrated given data and reporting universes to single SQL server storage location, thus creating a flexible reporting environment.• Performed analysis, modelling and forecasting using large-scale historical data (SQL, SAS, MS Access & Excel); delivered recommendations to varying degrees of management and operations partners through reports, decks, presentations.• Supported process improvement initiatives, from collecting data requirements, developing and automating back-end reporting databases, creating scalable pilot reports and business metric dashboards, and operationalizing reports.Reporting Design & Delivery Team (Jun 2011 - Feb 2012)• Developed operational dashboards, reports and data collection tools through end-to-end lifecycle; outlining business requirements, technical design, data collection, building, delivering, and supporting reports (MS Excel, Access).• Supported ad-hoc reporting needs; automated data collection, aggregation and clean-up (VBA, vbscript, batch). Customer Information Analyst Company Name Research In Motion Dates Employed May 2010 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos • Translated raw data into results that are relevant for business decisions in ad hoc data analysis and manipulation (MS Excel, Access). Prepared clear data visualizations (MS Excel, ClikView) for use in presentations to executive decision makers.• Developed analysis methodology for new market data. Developed and carried out Monte Carlo simulations for customer Life Time Value model.• Automated periodic reports in SAP Business Objects Web Intelligence analytics tools working with several data universes. Generated reports and relevant commentary on a regular basis.• Supported several large databases, verified and cleansed incoming quarterly data. See more positions Education University of Waterloo Degree Name Mathematics Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Mathematics Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 33 endorsements for Data Analysis 33 Data Analysis Endorsed by Shaohua Zhang and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Nadia’s colleagues at OCAS Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 23 endorsements for Databases 23 Databases Endorsed by Shaohua Zhang, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Nadia’s colleagues at OCAS Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 23 endorsements for SQL 23 SQL Endorsed by Shaohua Zhang and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Nadia’s colleagues at OCAS Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (4) Margaret L. B.A., PgC HRM, R.O., WPICC, Artisan, event planner and licensed optical manager all rolled into one. February 1, 2009, Margaret was Nadia’s mentor Nadia's enthusiasm, genuine interest and insight was a stronghold for the community. Her regular attendance to buildings and floor events as well as her personable attitude aided in building a strong and coherent community. Her ability to inspire and interact with her floor/suite and building mates never ceased to amaze me. She is a strong team player and I expect greatness to continue! Shawn Bunsee Director, Data & Analytics at CanadaHelps September 30, 2011, Shawn was senior to Nadia but didn’t manage directly Few co-ops can make as much of an impact on a team as Nadia made on our team. Her ability to quickly learn and apply new concepts is incredible, including independently learning Monte Carlo Simulation theory and applying it practically to Customer Lifetime Value analysis. Another skill that Nadia has is the ability to come up with innovative ways to report customer analytics. To accompany her superb analytical skill set, Nadia enjoys being challenged and thrives to make the office a fun place to work in - a true asset to any organization. The only regret I have is that our team wasn't able to recruit Nadia after graduation! View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Sarah Rodrigues Marketing Manager, MBA, CAPM September 29, 2015, Nadia worked with Sarah but at different companies I worked alongside Sarah in the Faculty, Alumni, Staff and Students (FASS) theatrical production at the University of Waterloo in 2015, where she served as the Vice President. Sarah was a dedicated and hard-working leader in the theatre community. She is meticulously organized and was able to keep a group of over 100 people fed, healthy, and happy in order to put on a large-scale musical production. Her achievements in her role continue to be the gold standard new candidates are measured against. Sarah would be an asset to any team where enthusiasm and organization are required. Gerard Frangieh Senior Associate at PwC October 18, 2013, Nadia worked with Gerard in different groups Gerard's tremendous support as a Team Lead at Data Systems Management was instrumental to the Customer Analytics work at BlackBerry. His strong background knowledge and attention to detail made sure all data and reporting systems were functioning smoothly and no bugs were overlooked. He was responsive to requests, communicated clearly throughout all processes, ready with creative solutions to tough problems, and took initiative to solve and prevent new complications. Gerard would be a true asset for any organization. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Nadia has 13 certifications 13 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Science Specialization Practical Machine Learning Regression Models Regression Models Developing Data Products Developing Data Products Statistical Inference Exploratory Data Analysis Machine Learning Reproducible Research Interests Big Data 5,065,070 followers Technology 20,768,277 followers Mindvalley 9,721 followers Sun Life Financial 93,082 followers Marketing & Advertising 14,744,925 followers Athena Software 672 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrea has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Andrea James Executive Coach and Investor Relations Consultant Tesla Motors Northwestern University Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Andrea S. James is the founder of Solve for X Coaching. She also consults in a strategic investor communications role for Tesla.Her coaching falls into three categories: Transformation coaching for those considering big change; Executive performance coaching for executives who need a trusted space to speak freely and leaders grooming for bigger roles; and Strategic planning and meeting facilitation for groups that seek a keen observer to speak the truth, ask the right questions, and both challenge and nurture the decision-making process.Andrea's clients are smart people who know that life-long learning never stops, who are not afraid to expand their growing edges, and who seek to make the most of their short time here on the planet. She loves both people and spreadsheets, has a heart for revolutionary technologies that change human behavior and create value along the way, and is a natural cheerleader who people want in their corner.She was most recently a vice president and senior research analyst for Dougherty & Co., an investment bank. She worked from Seattle researching emerging technologies on behalf of institutional investors. Her research focused on the aerospace and defense, clean tech/automotive, and industrial markets. She developed expertise on the business ecosystems of defense and intelligence contracting, unmanned aerial vehicles (drones), commercial satellite imagery and remote sensing, precision agriculture technology, 3D printing, firearms sales, and electric vehicles and batteries. Ms. James has enjoyed expert media appearances on CNBC, Bloomberg News, CNN, and Fox Business. Her research and interviews frequently appear in media outlets including Barron's, Investor's Business Daily, the Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg, and the MIT Technology Review. She has been professionally profiled by CBS MarketWatch, the Philadelphia Inquirer, and National Public Radio.She recently appeared in Success Magazine as a coach with tips on job transition. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Andrea’s Articles 1,067 followers What exactly is Wall Street? Andrea James on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 22, 2016 See 1 more article Have you hugged a hedge fund manager today? Andrea James on LinkedIn Publish dateJune 23, 2016 Experience Investor Relations Associate / Consultant Company Name Tesla Motors Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Strategic investor communications. Principal and Founder Company Name Solve for X Coaching Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Seattle Learn more at www.andreajames.net Vice President, Senior Research Analyst Company Name Dougherty & Company Dates Employed Aug 2009 – May 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Researching emerging technologies for the equity capital markets group, which focuses on discovering investment ideas using proprietary information. This is a fancy way of saying that I am a stock research analyst. My focus is on game-changing technology in disruptive markets.I have built a body of published research and client connections that brings in seven-figures'​ worth of annual revenue for our firm. It's a privilege to add value to the marketplace and to assist buy-side clients in their decision making.This job is a great fit for me because it combines two different sets of skills, and is thus rewarding. I combine hard skills, including financial data modeling and explanatory writing, with soft skills, such as helping clients to understand complex issues and building a network of industry contacts who help me to go deep on the specific companies I research.I have developed expertise in defense and intelligence contracting, unmanned aerial vehicles (drones), commercial satellite imagery, precision agriculture technology, 3D printing, firearms, and electric vehicles & batteries.My favorite part of the job is that it connects me to businesses and hard-working people who are out there everyday innovating, building, growing and making America run. Aerospace reporter Company Name SeattlePI.com Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 6 mos In mid-March, the Seattle Post-Intelligencer became the first major newspaper to transition from a printed product to an online-only format. The paper retained 10 percent of its staff, including me. At first, I covered the Seattle economy, which includes Microsoft, Boeing and Starbucks news, as well as general economic and labor issues. Starting June 1, I narrowed my beat to aerospace after helping to persuade the president of Hearst Newspapers that such a move was a good idea. The PI's aerospace blog received nearly 1 million page views in its first month of having me as its full-time writer. Business Reporter Company Name Seattle Post-Intelligencer Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Retail, labor and economics reporter: Cover breaking news and companies including Amazon.com, Starbucks, Nordstrom and Costco. Started an “online retail” news blog for seattlepi.com, which I’ve grown to 60,000 views per month. Broke the P-I's record for article with the most Web hits in one day. Appeared on Fox Business News, a national cable station.Enterprise business reporter: Most notable was my six-month investigation into Boeing’s struggles complying with Sarbanes-Oxley, the corporate reform law that became onerous for many public firms, and my exclusive story on Boeing’s practice of spying on its employees.Breaking news as needed: Most notable was my coverage of the deadly collapse of a tower crane in nearby Bellevue in 2006. Under the guidance of staff mentors, I developed sources in the state investigation unit and broke the news of the investigators’ findings months before their reports were released. One state legislator credited my coverage for spurring the passage of a stricter state crane safety law. See more positions Education Northwestern University Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Journalism Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Kappa Tau Alpha - journalism honor society American University - Kogod School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Computer Information Systems; dual minor in physics and communication Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Summa cum laude graduate, university honors program, astronomy teaching assistant, mentor for children of prisoners in the U.S. Dream Academy Willingboro High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Writing See 47 endorsements for Writing 47 Writing Endorsed by Athima Chansanchai and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Andrea’s colleagues at Dougherty & Company LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 31 endorsements for Research 31 Research Endorsed by 4 of Andrea’s colleagues at Seattle P-I Click and drag to reorder skills Economics See 8 endorsements for Economics 8 Economics Tuan TRANPHAM and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (9) Cecelia Goodnow Executive and Employee Communications at Boeing Commercial Airplanes January 29, 2009, Cecelia worked with Andrea in different groups Andrea is a dynamo whose knowledge of the financial world never ceases to impress me. She is always on top of things, and her positive energy makes her a pleasure to work with. Evalinde Eelens, FRM, CAIA Investment Manager at Mars February 28, 2007, Evalinde worked with Andrea in different groups Andrea is a great reporter because of her serious commitment to her work and her impressive writing style. She is definitely one of the best people I ever worked with. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Michael Smith Real Estate Broker February 23, 2012, Andrea was a client of Michael’s My husband and I really appreciated Michael's professionalism, personality and patience as we set upon the sometimes anxious task of buying our first house. Our market search lasted more than a year, with several breaks in between.Michael held our hands through the parts of the process where we most needed it and let us provide direction where we felt most confident.I recommend hiring Michael if you'd like a real estate agent who knows the ropes and is responsive to your real estate needs. Besides being a knowledgeable professional, he has a sense of humor and is a pleasant person to work with. Cliff DesPeaux Lead Media Producer at Expedia, Inc. September 16, 2009, Andrea was senior to Cliff but didn’t manage directly Daily newspaper and online photo journalism is a taxing job, and Cliff's performance under pressure was superb.He and I shared several assignments at SeattlePI.com and he was always professional and fun to work with. Cliff showed up on time, shot compelling photos and uploaded them quickly to contribute to SeattlePI.com's popular online photo galleries.I wholeheartedly recommend Cliff as a professional photographer. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Northwestern University 170,829 followers Bethany McLeanBethany McLean is a LinkedIn Influencer Journalist 138,641 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,217 members American University - Kogod School of Business 10,674 followers Women Executives (TGL) 3,173 members American University 122,677 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tanya has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Tanya Rai Data Analyst at Intuit Intuit University of California, Berkeley San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst (SBG Data Science & Analytics) Company Name Intuit Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Mountain View Data Analyst Company Name BloomReach Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Mountain View, CA Developing programs to analyze large amounts of data for various data mining, machine learning, and data science efforts to direct the improvement of and extract marketing insights for BloomReach's products. Process Engineering Intern Company Name Boehringer Ingelheim Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Performed on extensive study on separation system products for the 100L and 500L bioreactors in the pilot plant. Evaluated the performances of the disk stack centrifuge (existing system), single use harvest centrifuge, and POD filters. Conducted a financial case study on each separation system using Excel and recommended the best performing system that also proved to be the most financially attractive. Showcased technical and financial analyses in a partnered presentation with the Project Lead Engineer. Process Engineering Intern Company Name Boehringer Ingelheim Dates Employed May 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Characterized hydrodynamic conditions in lab-scale bioreactors for comparability to reactor conditions at Biberach site in GermanyProgrammed an automated O​2​transfer rate study and CO​2​removal rate study using BioXpert softwareDevised a computational fluid dynamic model to expand the scalability toolkit for reactors of varying sizes Undergraduate Researcher Company Name Bertozzi Research Group Dates Employed May 2012 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 8 mos Aimed to advance the potential of the Adenovirus in gene therapy through modification of the virusUtilized FGE as a modification tool to provide a means of site-specific attachment of targeting molecules to the virusDesigned experiments with human embryonic kidney cells to test the success of the modified Adenovirus*Research involved cell culture, virus purification, gel electrophoresis, western blotting, and flow cytometry Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Undergraduate Researcher (Bertozzi Group), Peer Health Educator, CalTeach Student Instructor Stanford University Field Of Study SCPD Courses in Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 CS 246: Mining Massive DatasetsCS 276: Information Retrieval and Web Search CS 193C: Client Side Internet Technologies CS 161: Design and Analysis of Algorithms The Harker School Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: National Honors Society, Varsity Basketball (Captain), Varsity Track and Field (Captain), Debate Team Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 5 endorsements for Python 5 Python Endorsed by Sumedh Sawant, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 5 endorsements for Java 5 Java Endorsed by Sumedh Sawant, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data Analytics See 2 endorsements for Big Data Analytics 2 Big Data Analytics Ken Herland and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Tanya has 24 courses 24 Expand courses section Courses Aspects of Bioengineering Careers in Bioengineering Chemical Engineering Laboratory Chemical Engineering Thermodynamics Chemical Kinetics and Reaction Engineering Chemical Process Design Data Structures and Algorithms Dynamics and Control of Chemical Processes Electronic Techniques for Engineering Energy Solutions Tanya has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects Building a Search Engine "Gitlet", Version Control System Dynamics and Control of 8-Stage Distillation Column via Simulink Modeling Industrial Design Process for the Production of Biodiesel from Palm Oil Designed Amyloid Fibers as Materials for Selective Carbon Capture Tanya has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Spanish Tamil Interests Cal Alumni Association | UC Berkeley 56,467 members University of California, Berkeley 498,421 followers BloomReach 5,064 followers Stanford University 373,208 followers University of California, Berkeley 521,268 followers Stanford University 435,564 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jay has a account Jay Sriram Senior Data Analyst at FDA, Washington DC FDA, Washington DC Frostburg State University Washington D.C. Metro Area 320 320 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Past: Over 20 years of experience in data management, data architecture, data administration, data standards, technical project management, design, development and implementation of application systems, project management, logical/physical database design, database technology (Oracle, SqlServer and DB2) and administration, integration of COTS tools, data dictionaries, analyzing user requirements and system software support; HOT line support. Strengths: Positive inter-personal skills, excellent oral and written communication skills, team-playing skills, problem analysis skills, teaching skills and a sense of humor. Very proficient with Oracle across different hardware and operating systems; 20+ different applications for a wide range of technical and non-technical users.Have active security clearance.Volunteer my spare time with an organization for the spiritual growth of individuals and help manage their finances - serve on its Board as a Trustee and its Joint Treasurer.Became a Certified Financial Planner (CFP) in 2012. Practicing as a CFP working with clients who need comprehensive financial planning solutions to meet their goals for retirement, chartitable giving, etc.Future: Am looking to work with organizations/businesses in the above areas and improve elements of efficiency, discipline, quality and education in their IT activities. Am also looking to continue my volunteer activities, giving back to the community I live. Will continue to leave my foot prints for the better wherever I go.Specialties: Data Architecture skills for tactical and strategic data solutions; technical project management and database support for systems development; inter-personal skills with a sense of humor See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name FDA, Washington DC Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Rockville, MD Part of Akira Team in the ACE/ITDS project. Working to develop and publish a comprehensive supplemental guidance document for Industry use and support round-trip testing of trade transactions. The supplemental guidance document articulates all business rules, set forth by the various FDA centers, governing the real-time processing of the round-trip data through a Trade-CBP-FDA-CBP-Trade real-time transaction pipeline. This real-time decision making is projected to largely reduce the current manual process over its implementation timeline. Trustee and Joint Treasurer Company Name Chinmaya Mission Washington Regional Center Dates Employed 2003 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 13 yrs I volunteer my time here. Serve on the Board of Trustees and the Executive Committee. Serve as the Joint Treasurer. Provide a frequent public face to the congregation members on behalf of the Board and the EC communicating new initiatives, projects and achievements. Help develop cash flows, capital spending plans, property acquisitions and other financial plans. And of course, pay bills on time. Senior Data Analyst (Contractor) Company Name U.S. Department of State Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Part of the data management team providing support to the State Department in the areas of data governance, reference data management and enterprise metadata repository. Consultant Company Name Karthik Consulting Dates Employed May 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Office of naval research, Northern Virginia Planning, developing and implementing data conversion processes to complement/replace existing EDI data streams to XML data streams. Data Architect / DBA Company Name PHH Arval Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Sparks MD Started at PHH in June 2011. Worked with a friendly bunch of people who helped me readily to understand their operational processes. Architected a new data model targeting Oracle 11g to support Re-Registration application first for Canada with the flexibility to retro-fit US customers in future. Played the role of Oracle DBA since all of the existing expertise was in Sybase. Worked with various business groups to address their IT service requests such as enhancements, bug-fixes, and additional data pipelines and implemented solutions. Advised the Data Manager on short and long term solutions to their data needs and to develop data and database standards to support their 1-Platform strategy using Oracle 11g. Converted all their data models (conceptual, logical and physical) to ERWin r8 and migrated the individual workstations to use the version 8 of ERWin data modeler. Worked as the primary liaison with CA regarding all issues with ERWin, including migration, bug fixes, upgrades and licenses. See more positions Education Frostburg State University Degree Name CFP Prep Field Of Study Certified Financial Planning Grade Passed CFP exams in first attempt Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 6 Semesters: Principles of Financial Planning, Insurance Planning, Income tax Planning, Retirement Planning, Estate Planning and Investment Planning Anna University Degree Name D.M.I.T Field Of Study Electronics Engineering & Computer Science Grade First Class Dates attended or expected graduation 1972 – 1975 hmmm er... studied? University of Madras Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Physics, Mathematics, Chemistry Grade First Class with distinctions in all 3 fields of study Dates attended or expected graduation 1969 – 1972 Volunteer Experience Joint Treasurer Company Name Chinmaya Mission Washington Regional Center (CMWRC) Dates volunteered Aug 2007 – Present Volunteer duration 9 yrs 10 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Warehousing See 23 endorsements for Data Warehousing 23 Data Warehousing Endorsed by 4 of Jay’s colleagues at Fannie Mae Click and drag to reorder skills Database Design See 19 endorsements for Database Design 19 Database Design Endorsed by 3 of Jay’s colleagues at Fannie Mae Click and drag to reorder skills Oracle See 15 endorsements for Oracle 15 Oracle Mary Cooley and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Sushma Gangam Senior Oracle Developer at JPMorgan Chase August 7, 2012, Jay was senior to Sushma but didn’t manage directly Sushma worked with me in the same group to implement a pre-cursor to ODS, bringing financial data from disparate data sources into one Oracle database. The group relied on Sushma to use standard templates to create and maintain PL/Sql code that will load data from standard unix directories into an Oracle database. She was pleasant and friendly to work with. She was reliable to release her deliverables on time. She was a great team player which was very important to our project since the team was a small one.If I were to assemble a team of developers I would reach out to her and hire her or look for technicians who are like her. I wish her success and growth in all her endeavors. Accomplishments Jay has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Intermediate Accounting Jay has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Jay has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Data Management Handbook Interests Frostburg State University 22,316 followers Pulse 1,535,160 followers IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) 7,893 members Frostburg State University 22,668 followers Anna University 318,547 followers Data Architects 3,604 members See all See all following
More Actions Kathryn has a account Kathryn Baker Parks Director of Data and Academic Systems | Salesforce.com Consultant University of Arkansas University of Arkansas at Fayetteville Fayetteville, Arkansas 423 423 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Former Attorney turned 3X certified Salesforce Consultant. I'm passionate about implementing technology-driven solutions to solving business process issues. I thrive in a fast paced environment where I can take the lead in managing data-related projects. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Kathryn’s Activity 422 followers Digital Measures is pleased to announce a new partnership with Clarivate Analytics to integrate Web of Science data into Activity Insight—our third new data integration partnership this year: http://dig.ms/WebSciBlog Kathryn shared this See all activity Experience Director, Data and Academic Systems Company Name University of Arkansas Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location Fayetteville, Arkansas Area Data mining, analysis, and dashboard production utilizing academic and institutional data. Salesforce.com Administrator and Activity Insight (Digital Measures) Administrator. Management of data related to AACSB accreditation. Supervision of academic data analysts. Media (2) This position has 2 media Planning for Successful Accreditation with Salesforce Planning for Successful Accreditation with Salesforce This media is a document Online Faculty Directories: Faculty Concerns and Benefits Online Faculty Directories: Faculty Concerns and Benefits This media is a document Salesforce Consultant Company Name Quixo Consulting Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Remote Provide strategic business analysis and customization of the Salesforce.com platform with a focus on the Higher Education industry. Academic Information Coordinator Company Name Sam M. Walton College of Business Dates Employed May 2007 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Fayetteville, Arkansas Area Supervised and developed the college facility reservation process. Job responsibilities included monitoring staff members to assure compliance with University policies and the creation of an online facility reservation system. Attorney At Law Company Name Attorney Dates Employed Apr 2005 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos Curriculum Inventory Manager Company Name University of Arkansas Dates Employed Feb 2006 – May 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos See more positions Education University of Arkansas at Fayetteville Degree Name MIS Field Of Study Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Beta Gamma Sigma Awarded SAS Business Intelligence Certificate (June 2010) University of Arkansas School of Law, Fayetteville Degree Name Juris Doctor Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Federal Legal Clinic University of Arkansas Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Sociology Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Alpha Kappa Delta Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 26 endorsements for Analysis 26 Analysis Sergio Santamaria, CFA, CMT and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 16 endorsements for Research 16 Research Endorsed by 13 of Kathryn’s colleagues at University of Arkansas Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 11 endorsements for Public Speaking 11 Public Speaking Endorsed by Barbara A. Lofton, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Kathryn’s colleagues at University of Arkansas Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Carolyn Eiler Events & Programs Manager, Sam M. Walton College of Business at University of Arkansas August 8, 2008, Carolyn worked with Kathryn in different groups Kathryn is an extremely efficient and responsible individual. She fully understands the importance of accuracy and promptness and takes ownership of her tasks. Chris Bray Blackboard Administrator August 7, 2008, Chris worked with Kathryn in different groups Kathryn used to be my contact in the Registrar's office when she worked there. She assisted me with getting courses "flagged" for use in WebCT/Blackboard. Sometimes I sent her hundreds of courses at a time, and her turn-around time was incredible. I became very spoiled - I've never worked with anyone more efficient. Carolyn Eiler Events & Programs Manager, Sam M. Walton College of Business at University of Arkansas August 8, 2008, Kathryn worked with Carolyn in different groups I worked with Carolyn at the Sam M. Walton College of Business. Carolyn is extremely dedicated to her position in external relations. She is a special and uniquie ability to effortlessly plan and organize people and events in a fast paced, high stress environment. Accomplishments Kathryn has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Platform App Builder Salesforce Certified Advanced Administrator Certified Salesforce Administrator SAS BI Certification Activity Insight Certification Kathryn has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Major Contribution Award Major Contribution Award Kathryn has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Kathryn has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Online Faculty Directories: Faculty Concerns Along With Benefits Interests Torrent Consulting 808 followers Careers: The Next Level 2,916,059 followers Pulse 1,535,162 followers IT Business and Careers Lab 365 members Naomi SimsonNaomi Simson is a LinkedIn Influencer Speaker, Entrepreneur, Author, Shark Tank Australia, Blogger: Join.NaomiSimson.com 1,877,913 followers SAS 376,785 followers See all See all following
More Actions James has a account James Brown Data Analysis Manager at Capital One Capital One Princeton University Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analysis Manager Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location McLean, VA Founder & Critic Company Name Sobriety Test Movie Reviews Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Principal Data Analyst Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location McLean, VA Sr. Consultant Company Name Deloitte & Touche Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Tutor Company Name WyzAnt Tutoring Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos See more positions Education Princeton University Degree Name A.B. Field Of Study Economics, Certificate in Spanish Language & Culture Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 36 endorsements for Data Analysis 36 Data Analysis Endorsed by Grace Wu and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of James’ colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 17 endorsements for Analytics 17 Analytics Endorsed by 5 of James’ colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 13 endorsements for Microsoft Office 13 Microsoft Office Endorsed by Brittaney-Belle Gordon, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of James’ colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Abhishek Pathak Senior Analyst at Capital One February 7, 2016, James managed Abhishek directly I managed Abhishek for more than a year as a data analyst, and I can say that he is one of the most proactive analysts with whom I've had the pleasure of working. Eager to bring ideas to the table and contribute to his team, he consistently goes above and beyond to deliver exceptional work with thoughtful insights or push horizontal initiatives for which he is passionate. To a degree, this stems from the fact that he loves white space analysis and seeing where the data takes him. It also stems from the fact that he is a team player who enjoys learning and growing by collaborating with others. Joshua Smith Software Development Manager, Ball Aerospace and Owner, Infinite Xpressions July 9, 2013, James reported directly to Joshua Josh is a dedicated, experienced IT consultant with deep technical expertise with a variety of tools and programming languages. His greatest strength is that he constantly and continuously shares his expertise with those with whom he works and helps them to grow. Working on his team, I learned a great deal and grew as a professional. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments James has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Lead the Way Award Circle of Excellence Award Fed FSI Craftsman Award James has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Coneteneo Collaboration Architect - Orange Belt James has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Analytics | Big Data | Business Intelligence | Data Science | Data Analysis | Data Visualization 12,867 members Tableau Enthusiasts 16,113 members Accenture 127,950 members CAPITAL ONE CONNECTIONS 9,680 members Hadoop & Apache Spark Ecosystem Experts ☁ Clustered Distributed Batch Streaming Big Data Processing 34,283 members IvyLife/The Original Ivy League Network/Brown Columbia Cornell Dartmouth Harvard Princeton Penn Yale 47,399 members See all See all following
More Actions Andrea has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Andrea James Executive Coach and Investor Relations Consultant Tesla Motors Northwestern University Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Andrea S. James is the founder of Solve for X Coaching. She also consults in a strategic investor communications role for Tesla.Her coaching falls into three categories: Transformation coaching for those considering big change; Executive performance coaching for executives who need a trusted space to speak freely and leaders grooming for bigger roles; and Strategic planning and meeting facilitation for groups that seek a keen observer to speak the truth, ask the right questions, and both challenge and nurture the decision-making process.Andrea's clients are smart people who know that life-long learning never stops, who are not afraid to expand their growing edges, and who seek to make the most of their short time here on the planet. She loves both people and spreadsheets, has a heart for revolutionary technologies that change human behavior and create value along the way, and is a natural cheerleader who people want in their corner.She was most recently a vice president and senior research analyst for Dougherty & Co., an investment bank. She worked from Seattle researching emerging technologies on behalf of institutional investors. Her research focused on the aerospace and defense, clean tech/automotive, and industrial markets. She developed expertise on the business ecosystems of defense and intelligence contracting, unmanned aerial vehicles (drones), commercial satellite imagery and remote sensing, precision agriculture technology, 3D printing, firearms sales, and electric vehicles and batteries. Ms. James has enjoyed expert media appearances on CNBC, Bloomberg News, CNN, and Fox Business. Her research and interviews frequently appear in media outlets including Barron's, Investor's Business Daily, the Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg, and the MIT Technology Review. She has been professionally profiled by CBS MarketWatch, the Philadelphia Inquirer, and National Public Radio.She recently appeared in Success Magazine as a coach with tips on job transition. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Andrea’s Articles 1,067 followers What exactly is Wall Street? Andrea James on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 22, 2016 See 1 more article Have you hugged a hedge fund manager today? Andrea James on LinkedIn Publish dateJune 23, 2016 Experience Investor Relations Associate / Consultant Company Name Tesla Motors Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Strategic investor communications. Principal and Founder Company Name Solve for X Coaching Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Seattle Learn more at www.andreajames.net Vice President, Senior Research Analyst Company Name Dougherty & Company Dates Employed Aug 2009 – May 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Researching emerging technologies for the equity capital markets group, which focuses on discovering investment ideas using proprietary information. This is a fancy way of saying that I am a stock research analyst. My focus is on game-changing technology in disruptive markets.I have built a body of published research and client connections that brings in seven-figures'​ worth of annual revenue for our firm. It's a privilege to add value to the marketplace and to assist buy-side clients in their decision making.This job is a great fit for me because it combines two different sets of skills, and is thus rewarding. I combine hard skills, including financial data modeling and explanatory writing, with soft skills, such as helping clients to understand complex issues and building a network of industry contacts who help me to go deep on the specific companies I research.I have developed expertise in defense and intelligence contracting, unmanned aerial vehicles (drones), commercial satellite imagery, precision agriculture technology, 3D printing, firearms, and electric vehicles & batteries.My favorite part of the job is that it connects me to businesses and hard-working people who are out there everyday innovating, building, growing and making America run. Aerospace reporter Company Name SeattlePI.com Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 6 mos In mid-March, the Seattle Post-Intelligencer became the first major newspaper to transition from a printed product to an online-only format. The paper retained 10 percent of its staff, including me. At first, I covered the Seattle economy, which includes Microsoft, Boeing and Starbucks news, as well as general economic and labor issues. Starting June 1, I narrowed my beat to aerospace after helping to persuade the president of Hearst Newspapers that such a move was a good idea. The PI's aerospace blog received nearly 1 million page views in its first month of having me as its full-time writer. Business Reporter Company Name Seattle Post-Intelligencer Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Retail, labor and economics reporter: Cover breaking news and companies including Amazon.com, Starbucks, Nordstrom and Costco. Started an “online retail” news blog for seattlepi.com, which I’ve grown to 60,000 views per month. Broke the P-I's record for article with the most Web hits in one day. Appeared on Fox Business News, a national cable station.Enterprise business reporter: Most notable was my six-month investigation into Boeing’s struggles complying with Sarbanes-Oxley, the corporate reform law that became onerous for many public firms, and my exclusive story on Boeing’s practice of spying on its employees.Breaking news as needed: Most notable was my coverage of the deadly collapse of a tower crane in nearby Bellevue in 2006. Under the guidance of staff mentors, I developed sources in the state investigation unit and broke the news of the investigators’ findings months before their reports were released. One state legislator credited my coverage for spurring the passage of a stricter state crane safety law. See more positions Education Northwestern University Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Journalism Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Kappa Tau Alpha - journalism honor society American University - Kogod School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Computer Information Systems; dual minor in physics and communication Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Summa cum laude graduate, university honors program, astronomy teaching assistant, mentor for children of prisoners in the U.S. Dream Academy Willingboro High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Writing See 47 endorsements for Writing 47 Writing Endorsed by Athima Chansanchai and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Andrea’s colleagues at Dougherty & Company LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 31 endorsements for Research 31 Research Endorsed by 4 of Andrea’s colleagues at Seattle P-I Click and drag to reorder skills Economics See 8 endorsements for Economics 8 Economics Tuan TRANPHAM and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (9) Cecelia Goodnow Executive and Employee Communications at Boeing Commercial Airplanes January 29, 2009, Cecelia worked with Andrea in different groups Andrea is a dynamo whose knowledge of the financial world never ceases to impress me. She is always on top of things, and her positive energy makes her a pleasure to work with. Evalinde Eelens, FRM, CAIA Investment Manager at Mars February 28, 2007, Evalinde worked with Andrea in different groups Andrea is a great reporter because of her serious commitment to her work and her impressive writing style. She is definitely one of the best people I ever worked with. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Michael Smith Real Estate Broker February 23, 2012, Andrea was a client of Michael’s My husband and I really appreciated Michael's professionalism, personality and patience as we set upon the sometimes anxious task of buying our first house. Our market search lasted more than a year, with several breaks in between.Michael held our hands through the parts of the process where we most needed it and let us provide direction where we felt most confident.I recommend hiring Michael if you'd like a real estate agent who knows the ropes and is responsive to your real estate needs. Besides being a knowledgeable professional, he has a sense of humor and is a pleasant person to work with. Cliff DesPeaux Lead Media Producer at Expedia, Inc. September 16, 2009, Andrea was senior to Cliff but didn’t manage directly Daily newspaper and online photo journalism is a taxing job, and Cliff's performance under pressure was superb.He and I shared several assignments at SeattlePI.com and he was always professional and fun to work with. Cliff showed up on time, shot compelling photos and uploaded them quickly to contribute to SeattlePI.com's popular online photo galleries.I wholeheartedly recommend Cliff as a professional photographer. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests American University 122,677 followers Association of Old Crows 12,477 members ICF Washington State 423 members Northwestern University 170,829 followers United States Geospatial Intelligence Foundation 4,908 members Bethany McLeanBethany McLean is a LinkedIn Influencer Journalist 138,641 followers See all See all following
More Actions James has a account James Brown Data Analysis Manager at Capital One Capital One Princeton University Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analysis Manager Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location McLean, VA Founder & Critic Company Name Sobriety Test Movie Reviews Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Principal Data Analyst Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location McLean, VA Sr. Consultant Company Name Deloitte & Touche Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Tutor Company Name WyzAnt Tutoring Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos See more positions Education Princeton University Degree Name A.B. Field Of Study Economics, Certificate in Spanish Language & Culture Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 36 endorsements for Data Analysis 36 Data Analysis Endorsed by Grace Wu and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of James’ colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 17 endorsements for Analytics 17 Analytics Endorsed by 5 of James’ colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 13 endorsements for Microsoft Office 13 Microsoft Office Endorsed by Brittaney-Belle Gordon, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of James’ colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Abhishek Pathak Senior Analyst at Capital One February 7, 2016, James managed Abhishek directly I managed Abhishek for more than a year as a data analyst, and I can say that he is one of the most proactive analysts with whom I've had the pleasure of working. Eager to bring ideas to the table and contribute to his team, he consistently goes above and beyond to deliver exceptional work with thoughtful insights or push horizontal initiatives for which he is passionate. To a degree, this stems from the fact that he loves white space analysis and seeing where the data takes him. It also stems from the fact that he is a team player who enjoys learning and growing by collaborating with others. Joshua Smith Software Development Manager, Ball Aerospace and Owner, Infinite Xpressions July 9, 2013, James reported directly to Joshua Josh is a dedicated, experienced IT consultant with deep technical expertise with a variety of tools and programming languages. His greatest strength is that he constantly and continuously shares his expertise with those with whom he works and helps them to grow. Working on his team, I learned a great deal and grew as a professional. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments James has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Lead the Way Award Circle of Excellence Award Fed FSI Craftsman Award James has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Coneteneo Collaboration Architect - Orange Belt James has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Target Alumni Network 18,572 members Tableau Software Fans and Friends 40,385 members IvyLife-Princeton 4,446 members Accenture 127,950 members Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,064,122 followers The Wall Street Job Report 40,600 members See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Randall Targeting Analyst at 84.51˚ 84.51˚ University of Cincinnati Carl H. Lindner College of Business Cincinnati Area, KY 358 358 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Targeting Analyst Company Name 84.51˚ Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Cincinnati, OH Data Insights - Big Data Analyst Company Name Paytronix Systems Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Cincinnati, OH Graduate Assistant Company Name University of Cincinnati Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Teaching Assistant for an Introductory to Macroeconomics and the Foundations in Economics (for MBA students) at the University of Cincinnati. I was responsible for assisting over 300 students (both graduates and undergraduates) with their economics classes for which I hold weekly office hours, exam review sessions, and tutoring at the request of the students. Education University of Cincinnati Carl H. Lindner College of Business Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Field Of Study Applied Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 • Relevant Coursework- Econometrics, Optimization Models for Managers, Financial Accounting, SAS Data Analysis, Financial Tools, Game Theory, International Finance, Panel Data, Spatial Econometrics, Urban and Regional Economics;•Scholarship- Awarded Graduate Academic Excellence Scholarship University of Cincinnati Carl H. Lindner College of Business Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Business Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Economics Society, Teaching Assistant, UC Rugby Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration (NHH) Degree Name Natural Resource Managment Field Of Study Natural Resources Management and Economic Policy Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 Graduate summer program, studied the Norwegian economic model and management of natural resources. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 30 endorsements for Data Analysis 30 Data Analysis Endorsed by Deborah Kreit and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Chris’ colleagues at Paytronix Systems Click and drag to reorder skills Econometrics See 22 endorsements for Econometrics 22 Econometrics Endorsed by Nicolas Williams, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chris’ colleagues at Paytronix Systems Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 15 endorsements for SAS 15 SAS Endorsed by 8 of Chris’ colleagues at University of Cincinnati Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Cody Vance Pierce Senior Vice President Marketing at Dwyer Group December 1, 2015, Cody Vance was a client of Chris’ During his time at Paytronix Chris delivered relevant, actionable, and timely insights to our Marketing team at Pizza Ranch on over 2 million members spread across 200+ stores. Chris was able to employ and explain data science techniques he used in order to predict customer behavior and provide monetized valuations of our loyalty program and the different segments therein. He also assisted us in evaluating our loyalty marketing strategy, as well as recommend targeted marketing campaigns that boosted customer engagement and yielded over $300,000 in incremental revenue, and drove more than 29,000 incremental visits. Michael Dickson Contract Specialist at United States Air Force July 15, 2013, Michael and Chris were students together I studied closely with Chris throughout our time in the Applied Economics program at UC. I was always impressed with his work; he is a detail-oriented and analytically-minded person who is able to contribute to problem solving efforts in a group setting as well as independently. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Michael Dickson Contract Specialist at United States Air Force January 14, 2013, Chris was senior to Michael but didn’t manage directly Michael is an intelligent hard-working individual who is very skilled at multiple types of analysis. Michael has a tremendous work-ethic and is very organized and professional in his dealings with others. I have enjoyed working with Michael very much in several of our classes on projects and assignments, he is very personable and is a go-getter. He will prove to be an asset to anyone who works with him. Accomplishments Chris has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests dunnhumby 84,007 followers Nielsen 360,080 followers American Marketing Association 108,445 followers University of Cincinnati Community 4,513 members Nike 1,193,712 followers 84.51˚ 8,827 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sean has a account Sean Jenkins Technical/Senior Data Analyst Delta Airlines (contract assginment) University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Greater Atlanta Area 345 345 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Diverse professional with proven experience in data analytics, report generation, process improvement, strategic planning, fiscal growth, and program development. Superior skills in data analysis, developing strategy, and executing tactical action plans for strong profitable results. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Analyst Company Name Delta Airlines (contract assginment) Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Atlanta Area • Managed development of weekly IT Business Leadership Reporting in measuring specific KPIs.• Developed and managed multiple reports derived from the IT Business Leadership Report.• Ran multiple time reporting analysis in SAP Business Objects and SQL to measure specific SLOs using agile methodologies.• Assisted General Manager with all eComm reporting request from Senior Leadership Business Team.• Assisted Direct Managers with eComm Divisional Defect, Enhancement, and Time Reporting request using agile methodologies.• Manage daily upkeep of eComm SharePoint Dashboard to publish KPI and SLO data.• On boarding of new PMs in completing various task within the weekly IT Business Leadership Report including updating script using java with Software Engineers. • Created multiple queries in Microsoft Access to automate continuous reporting request from the business.• Managed all eComm Project Managers in their weekly reporting updates to the business. Lead Data Analyst Company Name The Intersect Group Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area • Led team of Data Analyst that reviewed auto dealership Manheim and Informatica records for Retail Ready Onboarding project.• Set up and trained incoming analyst on daily process of reviewing records in preparation for mass data upload.• Monitored daily progress of individual analyst performance in reviewing Manheim and Informatica data.• Report daily progress to Project Manager and departmental manager.• Served as key liaison between Intersect Group’s Business Manager and AutoTrader staff.• Generated daily inventory reports for night shift staff to monitor adequate daily inventory.• Generated daily BI reports to main inventory levels to meet customer demand.• Generated daily BI reports to monitor adequate sales of current product stock.• Generated daily BI reports to monitor unfulfilled orders based on inventory.• Generated daily BI Leakage Report to monitor daily lost revenue from inventory.• Managed the execution of daily sequel queries to generate weekly, semi-monthly, and monthly reports.• Updated and manage weekly and semi-monthly payroll records in Ceridian as needed.• Updated and edit sequel queries to create needed reports upon request.• Created a daily, weekly, and monthly reporting process manual for payroll analyst.• Created departmental team building toolkit to help alleviate existing departmental chaos.• Assisted National Payroll Director and other members of Aaron’s Payroll staff. Data Analyst Company Name Hyundai Motor America (contract assignment) Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area • Conducted analysis to monitor regional, district, and dealer wholesale and allocation performance.• Migrated data from SAP and CAARS to analyze 90 Day Sales and current inventory to create 90 Day Summary Report.• Migrated data from SAP and prepared Sales Campaign Analysis and Reports. Data Analyst Company Name The Home Depot (contract assignment) Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area • Served as Data Analyst within the Direct Fulfillment Team to meet all current SLAs.• Responsible for the daily data downloads and import of data into Access database to export daily reports for upload into executive levels dashboards to display results of existing KPIs. • Served as the key contact for training and data issues for TCS Offshore Team.• Developed training manuals on running most critical daily and weekly departmental reports.• Developed reporting tools that measured accuracy of daily and weekly departmental reports.• Migrated data using various data sources such as MicroStrategy, SSRS (Sequel Server Reporting Services) & SPSS (IBM Data Collection) to meet departmental KPIs.• Defined the Transformation Logic in Excel using SQL for the developers to extract and load data from the source database to the tables in the target database on both Oracle.• Also served as contact to debug various software errors to rewrite script using java to correct recognized errors. Data Analyst Company Name Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Lead on a project that measured spend of PHEP (Public Health Emergency Preparedness) Funds. Developed automated measuring tools that created reports that were uploaded into constructed SharePoint Dashboard. See more positions Education University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Degree Name Bachelor's of Science Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1990 Activities and Societies: Black Student Government Engaged in all aspects of study as designed by the University. Worked full time to finance my tuition. University of Cincinnati Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1987 Activities and Societies: United Black Association Engaged in all areas of study as designed by the University. Yellow Springs High School Degree Name High School Diploma Field Of Study Advanced Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1985 Activities and Societies: Student Council and Yearbook Advanced Accounting, Advanced placement in History and American Politics. Varsity football player. See more education Volunteer Experience Lead IT Professional; Ministry Coordinator Company Name Victory For The World Church Dates volunteered Jan 2004 – Dec 2011 Volunteer duration 8 yrs Cause Science and Technology Community Advisor Company Name Black Community Crusade for Children (Children's Defense Fund) Dates volunteered May 1996 – May 1996 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Human Rights Worked with youth from around the country in areas of education, health and wellness, crime reduction, and Youth Detention Services. Advisor and Fund Raiser Company Name Grandparent's Academy (National Association of Youth Clubs) Dates volunteered May 1997 – May 1997 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Worked with the development of the Grandparent's Academy in bridging the gap between seniors who found themselves back into parenting roles for their grandchildren. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 29 endorsements for Data Analysis 29 Data Analysis Endorsed by 4 of Sean’s colleagues at The Home Depot Click and drag to reorder skills Procurement See 17 endorsements for Procurement 17 Procurement Endorsed by 2 of Sean’s colleagues at The Home Depot Click and drag to reorder skills Process Improvement See 17 endorsements for Process Improvement 17 Process Improvement Christian Rice and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sean has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course SAS 9.1.3 Sean has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Access Developers NetWork 10,363 members Georgia-Pacific LLC 62,682 followers Modis 86,299 followers Data Analyst 29,939 members City of Detroit 7,766 followers University of Minnesota-Twin Cities 283,301 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Sommerhoff Financial / Data Analyst Southern Glazer's Wine & Spirits Nichols College Deerfield Beach, Florida 78 78 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Financial and data analyst with a specific strength in creating advanced financial models for reporting, budgeting, projections and analysis.Please also see: http://www.chrissommerhoff.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Southern Glazer's Wine & Spirits Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 mo Location Miramar, FL Built Excel model performing product data validation. Financial / Data Analyst Company Name Alorica Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Plantation, FL Financial/data analysis and reconciliation of employee benefit information. Product Development Research Company Name Independent Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Deerfield Beach, FL Product research & development performed for own possible new ventures: File bookmarking software product, Cell phone training videos, Excel training videos, Sheet Menu. Data Analyst Company Name Insight Global/BPI Sports Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 mo Location Hollywood, FL Data research, analysis, and reporting provided for sales and cost of goods sold. Data Analyst Company Name Insight Global / Tyco Dates Employed May 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Boca Raton, FL Data research, analysis, and reporting provided for third party supplier compliance. See more positions Education Nichols College Degree Name B.S.B.A. Field Of Study Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 8 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 8 Microsoft Excel Mitch Mossman and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 8 endorsements for Financial Modeling 8 Financial Modeling Deborah Brooks and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Reporting See 2 endorsements for Reporting 2 Reporting Chris Graves and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chris has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications 12 Udemy Courses 8 Lynda Courses Touche Analyzer Act I Certification Training Cleaning Up Your Excel 2010 Data Interests Nichols College 15,727 followers Babson College 40,995 followers Nichols College 11,419 followers Babson College 45,485 followers Octagon Technology Staffing | Octagon Professional Recruiting | Octagon Executive Search 2,143 followers
More Actions Gurjot has a account Gurjot Singh, M.Eng. .NET Developer/ Consultant at CGI CGI Concordia University Montreal, Quebec, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Well qualified engineer with M.Eng. in Electrical & Computer Engineering (Member of Institute of Cooperative Education) and a member of Golden key society for outstanding academic performance (GPA 4.00/4.30) at university, with:• Strong aptitude in planning, design and operation of Telecommunication systems• Excellent ability to prioritize projects in a collaborative manner proven as a documentation Intern with Alcatel-Lucent and as an application developer with Bombardier Aerospace.• Motivational team leader and concept-to-execution driver for complex projects; assertive in meeting project milestones under fast-paced, deadline-driven environments.• Easily affable and adaptable in nature through international travel experience and student leadershipINFORMATION TECHNOLOGY -- • Intermediate skill in C#, JavaScript, HTML 5, CSS, Web services, bootstrapping for mobile applications (Android) and sound skill in automated web testing with Selenium; gained through professional training and projects• Firm experience in Oracle and SQL Server Database development and management with scripting skill in My SQL, T-SQL and Oracle PL/SQLAEROSPACE --• Aerospace expertise on service bulletins, aircraft systems, geometric dimensioning and project plans & documentation• Hands on experience on various avionic navigation systems such as Display, FMS, NAV, VOR, DME, GPS and INS See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Developer Company Name CGI Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Montreal, Canada Area • Lead the development and deployment of new applications, system software and/or enhancements to existing applications based on documented technical design.• Exercise design and development activities to build and enhance large scale Operation Support Systems (OSS) and Business Support Systems (BSS) for a large Canadian Telecommunication enterprise.• Collaborate with other developers and customers in the delivery of new software programs and applications• Develop data extractions from client requirements, and investigate data related issues• Develop strategies for improving and leveraging systems Maintenance Data Analyst (MDA) Application developer Company Name BOMBARDIER Dates Employed May 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Montreal, Canada Area • Responsible for designing, developing, testing, implementing and maintaining the database systems for desktop applications• Worked closely with other IT professional’s to diagnose and troubleshoot applications and database-related issues• Performed loading, extraction and validation of client data.• Evaluated raw data and carried out specified data processing• Executed monthly verification process on the Service Bulletins of all the Bombardier Business Aircraft fleets • Analysed important application processes and prepared a high level documentation • Documented issues and solutions related to Office 365 migration from Office 2010, 2003 and 97• Collaborated with the Maintenance Data Analyst (MDA) Team; Programming Applied: Microsoft office (MS Access VBA), T-SQL, PL/SQL, my-SQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Visual Studio (VBA.NET); Placement Coordinator Company Name Placement Department, CMR Institute of Technology Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location CMR Institute of Technology, Bangalore Project Programming Intern - C++ Company Name Bharat Electronics Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India • Designed and Developed IP based Radio Frequency (RF) Power Monitoring Unit for Naval Communication on-board systems• Programmed to interface microcontroller• Designed Serial to UDP Receiver• Collaborated with one member• Programming applied : Assemble language, C++ , Lab VIEW Documentation Intern Company Name Alcatel-Lucent Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Gurgaon, India • Prepared design documents for SDH and 1642 Edge Multiplexer• Developed hardware knowledge on SDH and SONET Networks• Collaborated with two team member• Technical knowledge: Microsoft office, Telecommunication Network, Optical fiber Network Education Concordia University Degree Name Master of Engineering (M.Eng.) Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Grade GPA 4.00/4.30 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Golden Key International Honor Society Majors (Telecommunication systems) Minors (Signal Processing & Avionic navigation system) Visvesvaraya Technological University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (BE) Field Of Study Telecommunications Engineering Grade GPA 4.00/4.30 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Class representative, Placement Coordinator Volunteer Experience Student Success Volunteer Company Name Student Success Program Centre and Counselling and Development Dates volunteered Sep 2014 – Sep 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education • Directed new & returning students to appropriate resources • Assisted individual students in outreach activities such as Orientations, information booths and student fairs• Promoted the activities of the Student Success Program Centre and Counselling and Development• Collaborated with a team of student success mentor Event Registration Volunteer Company Name CMR Institute of Technology, Bangalore, India Cause Science and Technology Blood Drive Volunteer Company Name Rotary Bangalore Downtown, Bangalore, India Cause Health Featured Skills & Endorsements C See 43 endorsements for C 43 C Endorsed by 5 of Gurjot’s colleagues at Nokia Endorsed by 16 people who know C Click and drag to reorder skills C++ See 34 endorsements for C++ 34 C++ Endorsed by Mandeep Kaur, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Gurjot’s colleagues at Nokia Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 21 endorsements for Matlab 21 Matlab Endorsed by 2 of Gurjot’s colleagues at Nokia Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (2) Faz Jafarulla Reliability Engineer at Hawaiian Airlines November 19, 2015, Faz worked with Gurjot in different groups Gurjot is a dedicated and insightful engineer, honest developer with boundless energy. I have had the pleasure of working with Gurjot on a few projects and found him to be deadline conscious, proactive and customer-service oriented. The team as a whole is impressed by his ability to quickly learn and adapt to the evolving needs of the project. Casey Burkholder PhD Candidate / Course Lecturer / Editor March 25, 2015, Casey was Gurjot’s teacher Gurjot was an incredibly detail-oriented student. He consistently delivered high quality work, and worked extremely well with others. Gurjot was a wonderful addition to the class, and produced excellent results. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Wassim Itani Masters in Electrical & Computer Engineering at Concordia University (Communication Systems & Signal Processing) December 2, 2015, Gurjot and Wassim were students together I had the privilege of working with Wassim Itani as a project mate in Video Processing. Wassim is proactive, result oriented, responsible and technically sound individual and he is always ready to put all his energy and time to get the task done. He has an exceptional troubleshooting and analytical skill in simulation. Wassim is a great asset to any company. Stany Jude Co Founder & Director at Kwiqpick Services India Pvt. Ltd August 6, 2012, Gurjot and Stany were students together Stany is a diligent student who brings insight and energy to the classroom Accomplishments Gurjot has 9 courses 9 Expand courses section Courses Adaptive Signal Processing Avionic Navigation System Digital Communication Digital Signal Processing Digital Video Processing Probability and Stochastic process Real-Time and Multimedia Communication over Internet Telecommunication Network Wireless Communication Gurjot has 9 projects 9 Expand projects section Projects Technician Automated Provisioning - Web Application for Android (Professional) Unified Ticketing Management - Web Application (Professional) Estimation of user's position using Global navigation satellite systems (Academic) Analytical Document Storage (Professional) Consolidation of Bombardier Business Aircraft Serialization List (ASL) (Professional) Simulation of Beamforming along with Least-Mean Square (LMS) Algorithm filter for Space time Adaptive Processing (STAP) using real Antenna elements (Academic) Simulation of Telecommunication Network using Qualnet Software (Academic) Simulation of 16QAM Communication system using MATLAB (Academic) Simulation of Phase shift Keying using MATLAB (Academic) Gurjot has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Noteworthy Achievement Golden Key International Honor Society Gurjot has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French (A1) Interests Facebook 1,533,441 followers Concordia University - Computer Science Graduates 2,137 members Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise 9,582 followers iProspect 58,820 followers Adam GrantAdam Grant is a LinkedIn Influencer Author: GIVE AND TAKE, ORIGINALS, OPTION B; Wharton professor; NYT writer 1,361,165 followers UNICEF Canada 11,582 followers See all See all following
More Actions Samanth has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Samanth Chundi Data Analyst, Decision Science & Data Automation at AIG AIG University of Arizona, Eller College of Management Atlanta, Georgia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Management Information Systems Graduate student specializing in Business Intelligence and Big Data Analytics, with an interest in Data Science.TECHNICAL SKILLS------------------------------Programming Skills: SQL, PL-SQL, Python, R, SAS, HTML, CSS, C, JCL, COBOL, CICSVisualization/Analytic Tools: Tableau, Google Analytics, RapidMiner, TIBCO Spotfire, Gephi, NodeXLDatabase: Oracle 11g, SQL Server, MySQL, IBM DB2Tools: HP Quality Center, MS-Office Suite, MS-Visio, MS-Project, SharePoint 2013Working knowledge on HDFS, Hive, Flume, OozieCERTIFICATIONS--------------------------Data Analyst Nanodegree - Udacity, Feb'16Oracle Database SQL Certified Expert, Sept'14 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst - Decision Science and Data Automation Company Name AIG Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Data Analyst - Personal Insurance Advanced Analytics Company Name AIG Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Atlanta, GA - Automate data generation/aggregation and report generation for actuaries and business analysts using python, VBA, SAS and Oracle and Sql Server databases- Perform web scraping and data cleaning using python for competitor analysis of auto insurance pricing- Build dashboards to monitor and track KPIs such as loss ratio, exposure, frequency and severity along with competitor prices using Qkliview and R (Shiny Server)- Use machine learning algorithms to build models / GLMs to predict quote to policy conversion Web Developer Company Name The University of Arizona Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Department of Anthropolgy Developed and maintained department website using Drupal Data Analyst Intern Company Name AT&T Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area - Provided insight into automation opportunities for ticket processing across various product bandwidths by defining and analyzing manual ticket touch measures and ticket logs.- Performed preliminary text mining on ticket log notes to identify reasons for shorter duration touches which helps in automating or improving ticket resolution processes.- Performed statistical analysis on ticket activity metrics to compare existing impact of automation and scope for improvement across all product bandwidths.Tools Used: SQL, PL/SQL, R, Minitab, MS Excel (Pivot Tables, Vlookup, Charting), RapidMiner Senior Systems Engineer Company Name Infosys Ltd Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Hyderabad Area, India - Have undergone a 1 year training program on RDMS, Java, HTML, UNIX and BI concepts.- Involved in Requirements gathering and analysis for web-based scheduling of service orders and smart meter implementation- Maintained requirement traceability matrix to keep track of requirements and involved in defect prevention activitiesRole – Team Lead- Single point of contact – managed designs and effort hours per clients’ requirements- Worked with functional analysts, developers, and end users to ensure proper design of applications- Liaison between customers and team members to identify problems in the system and suggested solutions to improve its productivity and quality- Key Achievement: Received 7/7 Engagement Level Client feedback See more positions Education University of Arizona, Eller College of Management Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Management Information Systems, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Degree Name Btech Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Grade 3.99/4 Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: -- Student member of IEEE society Volunteer Experience Representative Company Name Infosys Cause Social Services - Active member of Infosys Corporate Social Responsibility activities and ‘SPARK’, a program to educate high school students on the relevance and importance of IT in today’s developing world.- Member of MAD (Make A Difference), a platform that empowers youth to become change leaders who drive positive social impact and create self sustaining communities.- Disaster Recovery Representative (DRR) Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 6 endorsements for R 6 R Endorsed by 4 of Samanth’s colleagues at University of Arizona Click and drag to reorder skills PL/SQL See 29 endorsements for PL/SQL 29 PL/SQL Endorsed by Ram Pallavali and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Samanth’s colleagues at University of Arizona Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 39 endorsements for SQL 39 SQL Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 18 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Samanth’s colleagues at AIG Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Raja Sushmitha Apps System Engineer at Wells Fargo February 21, 2017, Raja worked with Samanth in the same group I worked with Sushmitha for about 4 years since 2009. She is a highly effective and result oriented contributor who can deal very appropriately with all levels of management and staff. She is self-driven and brings a very pleasant working style that doesn't compromise on discipline. She strives to understand business drivers and strategy, and works with all stakeholders to meet objectives. Add to that her stellar academic qualifications, and you have a complete professional. Sushmitha is top class, without doubt. Deepika Achyutuni Software Engineer 2 at Microsoft February 21, 2017, Deepika worked with Samanth in the same group I have known Deepika closely, as a friend and peer, for more than a decade now, having started our careers on the same day at Infosys in 2009. What sets her apart from everyone else, is her ability to stay focused and her calmness under pressure. During her time at Infosys, she was entrusted with several critical projects which she handled with utmost success. Deepika built strong relationships with her peers and senior executives across a highly matrixed organization. I would highly recommend her for most strategic roles and a valuable add to any team. Accomplishments Samanth has 13 courses 13 Expand courses section Courses Big Data Analytics Business Communications Business Data Communication and Network Business Foundations for IT Data Mining for Business Intelligence Enterprise Database Management Financial Accounting Information Security Public & Private Sectors Information Systems Analysis and Design Operations Management Samanth has 12 certifications 12 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Analyst Nanodegree Data Visualization and d3.js Intro to Machine Learning Data Analysis with R Data Wrangling with MongoDB Intro to Data Science Oracle Database SQL Certified Expert ITIL Mainframe Developer 101c Business Language Learning Credit Samanth has 10 projects 10 Expand projects section Projects Big Data Analytics (Wearable Technologies - Social Media Analytics) Identifying predictor variables for momentum anomaly return on stocks | Data Analyst MIS Consulting project with Republic Services Amazon Co-Purchasing Product | Data Analyst New Orleans PD 911 calls analysis - Visualization Web Scraping and Data Mining | Leveraging Data and Web mining techniques to curb Human Trafficking Analysis and Design of a Celebrity Website Enterprise Data Management: University of Arizona Safe Ride NEXTRIO Case Competition Operations Management: Fry's Store Samanth has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Telugu Samanth has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Harvard Business Review Case Competition - Winner 7/7 Engagement Level Client Feedback Interests BA Jobs 90,266 members LinkedIn 2,127,787 followers Microsoft 3,687,184 followers University of Arizona 220,110 followers Lancet Data Sciences - Business Intelligence Consulting 893 followers Intel Student Lounge 31,572 members See all See all following
More Actions Luong has a account Luong Minh Quan Data Analyst at TIKI Corporation TIKI Corporation Foreign Trade University, HCMC Campus Vietnam 405 405 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent To obtain career in Business Operations, Data fields with challenges and opportunities to develop. Notable features are open-minded with innovation, hard-working attitude, adaptation, good research and analytical skills. Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name TIKI Corporation Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Hochiminh City Business Intelligence:• Worked on database system for data reports and dashboards for many teams, dedicated for Operations team• Executed documentation, re-organizing database information• Selected Project Experience:o Marketing Metrics: dashboards on new customers, retention rate, GMV of categorieso Operation Metrics: reports and dashboards on metrics of fulfillment and delivery of Tiki Operationso Customer Service: dashboards for customer service officers’ performanceData Mining: • Using different techniques in statistics and machine learning to come up with solutions for various problems• Selected Project Experience:o Customer Segmentation: based on demographics, transactions, behaviors of customers to segment.o Cohort Analysis: execute cohort analysis of customers in 2016o Reseller detection: based on transactions and behaviors to detect resellers, with accuracy of 70%o Gender prediction: based on name and information of transactions to predict gender of a customer, with accuracy of 75% Operations - Business Intelligence Company Name foodpanda Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Hochiminh City • Executed statistics on various issues, scenario analyses from Operations Department and other teams (voucher usage, CPO analyses)• Selected Project Experience:o Operation:- Analyzed weekly, daily report to solve problems regarding platform and customer experienceo Capacity Planning:- Helped with Customer Service Manager and Fleet Manager to optimize work shifts, leading to an efficiency gain of 10%o Data:- Used data warehouse (SQL), Backend and storage materials to compile insights and intelligence across all divisions of the company Content Leader Company Name foodpanda Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Hochiminh City • Managed 5-person Content Team, ensuring accurate information on platform (1000+ vendors)• Selected Project Experience:o Team Management:- Created guideline, trained and supervised agents to keep work progress and save timeo Capacity Planning:- Analyzed, predicted workload to ensure proper staffing Data Team Leader Company Name Citystream, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Hochiminh City • Managed 7-person team, meeting KPIs and smooth workflow from the headquarter (300+ web sources weekly)• Led team’s efforts to search for data by recruiting, training and allocating tasks, led to having sufficient qualified sources for Sales and Marketing team Education Foreign Trade University, HCMC Campus Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study International Business Economics Grade 8.4/10 (3.37/4) Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Collaborators at Student Union Relevant Coursework: Economics, Marketing, Econometrics, Statistics Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name SEA Athletics Association Dates volunteered Jun 2013 – Jun 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Volunteer in SEA Youth Athletics ChampionshipHelped setting up fields, supported athletes from various countries prior competing Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 9 endorsements for Teamwork 9 Teamwork Thanh Danh Le and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining Data Mining No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 1 endorsement for Data Analysis 1 Data Analysis Tinh Nguyen has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Luong has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Exploratory Data Analysis Getting and Cleaning Data R Programming The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Business Metrics for Data-Driven Companies Google Analytics Individual Qualification Luong has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Student with 5 Merits - University Level Scholarship for Outstanding Student Luong has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Luong has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Detecting Bulk Purchasing Luong has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score IELTS Interests Seadev 110 followers IFU 2,259 followers Asian Development Bank (ADB) 126,845 followers Entrepreneurship 16,575,628 followers Chợ Tốt 227 followers Jonathan RosenbergJonathan Rosenberg is a LinkedIn Influencer High Tech Product Management Executive: Google, Excite@Home, Apple, Dialog. Author of "How Google Works." 180,823 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lorenzo has a account Lorenzo Rossi Senior Analyst & Masters in Predictive Analytics Student Cars.com Northwestern University Chicago, Illinois 474 474 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Lorenzo’s Activity 474 followers First semester completed. Very grateful to my employer for our tuition reimbursement benefit amongst other courtesies and considerations as I took on this full load. I am indebted to my University President, Board of Trustees Chair, Advisors, Classmates and Professors. And I apologize to me. I am sorry for allowing laziness, foolish pride and arrogance to delay the enrichment of higher learning and its transformative light. About another 10 years to earn #drh, and I'm taking my time. Thank you Father. #hlife #praywithoutceasing #turtlepower #theyoungprince Lorenzo liked Had an amazing time supporting the Chicago Police Memorial Foundation Annual Run to Remember at Soldier Field! Thanks to my awesome co-workers at West Monroe Partners for waking up early to volunteer at the Gear Check Station. Per the race participants, this was the most efficient Gear Check Station ever! I guess that's what happens when you get a bunch of operations excellence and customer experience consultants collaborating together 👍 #challengeaccepted Lorenzo liked See all activity Experience Senior Analyst - Value Analysis & Reporting Company Name Cars.com Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Chicago, IL Business Intelligence Data Analyst Company Name McDonald's Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Oak Brook, IL • Partner with internal stakeholders to help analyze initiatives by understanding business objectives and identifying which metrics will best quantify their success • Gather data from multiple data sources (Teradata, Aster, Hive Table, Oracle Essbase and Excel) to provide the best possible answer to strategic business questions. • Leveraged Tableau to analyze impact of a new restaurant configuration on drive-thru guest counts, included a comparison of data from sample restaurants pre and post implementation • Investigated Black Friday coffee promotion to discern sales and consumer preferences for the Chicago Region that could be used to formulate future offerings • Developed multiple temp views and temp tables in Teradata and Aster from relational and semi-structured data by utilizing Teradata SQL and XML Parser functions in Aster that were used as sources for Tableau dashboards. Business Intelligence BusinessTechnical Analyst Company Name McDonald's Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Oak Brook, IL • Designed, developed and supported a series of Tableau dashboards that enabled the support team to more efficiently monitor and respond to data transfer issues • Developed data quality reports and produced requirements documentation to improve the processes our global business partners used to identify data issues within their markets • Led weekly support status meetings with our onshore and offshore support staff and development teams, to ensure process consistency and effectiveness • Collaborated with developers, architects, and support staff to coordinate migrations of reports, ETL jobs, and tables/views to multiple environments while balancing the system’s growth and stability requirements • Communicated migration freezes, planned, and unplanned outages so that the team was aware of the potential impacts on development and our users Business Intelligence Associate Business Technical Analyst Company Name McDonald's Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Oak Brook, IL • Collaborated with developers, architects, and support staff to coordinate migrations of reports, ETL jobs, and tables/views to multiple environments while balancing the system’s growth and stability requirements• Communicated migration freezes, planned, and unplanned outages so that the team was aware of the potential impacts on development and our users• Developed data quality reports and produced requirements documentation to improve the processes our global business partners used to identify data issues within their markets• Created and distributed weekly and monthly support metrics to measure how quickly the support staff was closing incidents and which projects were receiving the most support requests Business Technical Analyst Consultant for McDonalds Corporation Company Name Manpower Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos • Created a VBA coded excel document for Asia Pacific users that enabled new markets to be easily added to the global data warehouse, affording them access to our reporting tools and transaction level sales data See more positions Education Northwestern University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Predictive Analytics Grade 3.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2017 Northern Illinois University - College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Operations Management & Information Systems Grade 3.2 Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Association of Information Technology Professionals (AITP), Phi Sigma Kappa Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 29 endorsements for Business Intelligence 29 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Brian Lee and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Lorenzo’s colleagues at McDonald's Click and drag to reorder skills Tableau See 8 endorsements for Tableau 8 Tableau Endorsed by 4 of Lorenzo’s colleagues at McDonald's Click and drag to reorder skills Data Visualization See 3 endorsements for Data Visualization 3 Data Visualization Endorsed by 2 of Lorenzo’s colleagues at McDonald's Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Lorenzo has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Cloudera Data Analyst Training: Using Pig, Hive, and Impala with Hadoop Freakalytics | Data Visualization with Tableau Tableau Desktop Fundamentals Tableau Desktop Intermediate Interests Jonathan BecherJonathan Becher is a LinkedIn Influencer Senior Executive, Three-Time CEO, Board Member, Startup Advisor 611,677 followers Tim BrownTim Brown is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at IDEO 1,366,559 followers David EdelmanDavid Edelman is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Marketing Officer at Aetna 1,097,931 followers Mobile Marketing & Advertising 285,603 members Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,597,731 followers MillerCoors 70,709 followers See all See all following
More Actions Thanh has a account Thanh CHAU Business Intelligence Consultant at POLARYS POLARYS University of Pau Paris Area, France 219 219 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Strong business background, along with statistical knowledge and ability to quickly learn new IT skills, I am hoping to further develop my career in Data Analytic. I am interested in exploring data insight in order to define and solve business problems and also to analyze customer behavior to impact strategic decision making within a company. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Thanh’s Activity 219 followers Sophie’s photo Thanh liked See all activity Experience Business Intelligence Consultant Company Name POLARYS Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Paris Area, France Market Data Analyst Company Name Ipsen Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Paris Area, France + Carrying out Global Performance Monitoring Project: standardizing definition of market scope, collecting and consolidating data country to build global market vision and to create critical reports for tracking worldwide business performance of Ipsen products.+ Managing BI tools migration projects (Qlikview, Microstrategy): acting as a key liaison with IT team, subsidiaries, data integrator provider to interpret business requirements, to implement data management processes and to ensure the integrity of data entry and workflows.+ Business support for internal clients in their decision making: analyzing market share, interpreting in strategy the results of market researches and forecasting business performance. Credit Risk Data Analyst Company Name PPF Group Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Vietnam + Carrying out ad-hoc and statistical analysis to ensure credit risk evaluation while achieving key profit and income targets.+ Analyzing, monitoring and improving efficiency of the underwriting process and credit expert verification procedures by providing recommendations for change.+ Participating in the company’s IT systems migration projects (SQL Server-Oracle-Homer Select): creating and executing UAT (User Acceptance Testing) cases and script, analyzing data, identifying gaps and giving feedbacks about business requirements and expectations. CRM Reporting Analyst Company Name Reed Midem Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Paris Area, France + Building and generating analytical reports (daily, weekly, monthly) to the board of Directors for controlling sales targets and business strategies.+ Carrying out ad-hoc analysis, sales forecasts and analyzing key performance indicators (KPIs).+ Conducting statistical analysis: segmentation, classification, modeling (decision tree and regression) to better understand customer’s needs and to develop marketing programs.+ Participating in the company’s IT systems migration project (OBIEE 11G): developing critical reports and dashboards, identifying and resolving functional issues of systems. Education University of Pau Degree Name Master of Marketing and Economic Analysis Field Of Study Applied Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Themes: CRM & Datamining, Statistical methods, Financial & Banking Analysis, Industrial Analysis, Local development Analysis. IAE Toulouse Degree Name Masters of Strategic Marketing Field Of Study Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Themes: Strategic Marketing, Brand Management, Emarketing, Communication, Market Research. Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 4 endorsements for Business Intelligence 4 Business Intelligence Camille Behier and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 3 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 3 Microsoft SQL Server Mickael THEVENIN and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 2 endorsements for Data Analysis 2 Data Analysis Khanh Nguyen and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Thanh has 7 certifications 7 Expand certifications section Certifications Regression Models Statistical Inference Reproducible Research Exploratory Data Analysis Getting and Cleaning Data R Programming The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Thanh has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Vietnamese Thanh has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Eiffel Excellence Scholarship Thanh has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Homer Select 2.0 Interests PPF Group 4,616 followers Reed MIDEM - a member of Reed Exhibitions 7,911 followers Business Intelligence & Analytics Group 42,987 members Coursera Course Certificates 103,617 followers OBIEE Professionals Group 24,914 members Eiffel Excellence Scholarship 296 members See all See all following
More Actions Lorenzo has a account Lorenzo Rossi Senior Analyst & Masters in Predictive Analytics Student Cars.com Northwestern University Chicago, Illinois 474 474 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Lorenzo’s Activity 474 followers First semester completed. Very grateful to my employer for our tuition reimbursement benefit amongst other courtesies and considerations as I took on this full load. I am indebted to my University President, Board of Trustees Chair, Advisors, Classmates and Professors. And I apologize to me. I am sorry for allowing laziness, foolish pride and arrogance to delay the enrichment of higher learning and its transformative light. About another 10 years to earn #drh, and I'm taking my time. Thank you Father. #hlife #praywithoutceasing #turtlepower #theyoungprince Lorenzo liked Had an amazing time supporting the Chicago Police Memorial Foundation Annual Run to Remember at Soldier Field! Thanks to my awesome co-workers at West Monroe Partners for waking up early to volunteer at the Gear Check Station. Per the race participants, this was the most efficient Gear Check Station ever! I guess that's what happens when you get a bunch of operations excellence and customer experience consultants collaborating together 👍 #challengeaccepted Lorenzo liked See all activity Experience Senior Analyst - Value Analysis & Reporting Company Name Cars.com Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Chicago, IL Business Intelligence Data Analyst Company Name McDonald's Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Oak Brook, IL • Partner with internal stakeholders to help analyze initiatives by understanding business objectives and identifying which metrics will best quantify their success • Gather data from multiple data sources (Teradata, Aster, Hive Table, Oracle Essbase and Excel) to provide the best possible answer to strategic business questions. • Leveraged Tableau to analyze impact of a new restaurant configuration on drive-thru guest counts, included a comparison of data from sample restaurants pre and post implementation • Investigated Black Friday coffee promotion to discern sales and consumer preferences for the Chicago Region that could be used to formulate future offerings • Developed multiple temp views and temp tables in Teradata and Aster from relational and semi-structured data by utilizing Teradata SQL and XML Parser functions in Aster that were used as sources for Tableau dashboards. Business Intelligence BusinessTechnical Analyst Company Name McDonald's Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Oak Brook, IL • Designed, developed and supported a series of Tableau dashboards that enabled the support team to more efficiently monitor and respond to data transfer issues • Developed data quality reports and produced requirements documentation to improve the processes our global business partners used to identify data issues within their markets • Led weekly support status meetings with our onshore and offshore support staff and development teams, to ensure process consistency and effectiveness • Collaborated with developers, architects, and support staff to coordinate migrations of reports, ETL jobs, and tables/views to multiple environments while balancing the system’s growth and stability requirements • Communicated migration freezes, planned, and unplanned outages so that the team was aware of the potential impacts on development and our users Business Intelligence Associate Business Technical Analyst Company Name McDonald's Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Oak Brook, IL • Collaborated with developers, architects, and support staff to coordinate migrations of reports, ETL jobs, and tables/views to multiple environments while balancing the system’s growth and stability requirements• Communicated migration freezes, planned, and unplanned outages so that the team was aware of the potential impacts on development and our users• Developed data quality reports and produced requirements documentation to improve the processes our global business partners used to identify data issues within their markets• Created and distributed weekly and monthly support metrics to measure how quickly the support staff was closing incidents and which projects were receiving the most support requests Business Technical Analyst Consultant for McDonalds Corporation Company Name Manpower Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos • Created a VBA coded excel document for Asia Pacific users that enabled new markets to be easily added to the global data warehouse, affording them access to our reporting tools and transaction level sales data See more positions Education Northwestern University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Predictive Analytics Grade 3.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2017 Northern Illinois University - College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Operations Management & Information Systems Grade 3.2 Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Association of Information Technology Professionals (AITP), Phi Sigma Kappa Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 29 endorsements for Business Intelligence 29 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Kondal Reddy and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Lorenzo’s colleagues at McDonald's Click and drag to reorder skills Tableau See 8 endorsements for Tableau 8 Tableau Endorsed by 4 of Lorenzo’s colleagues at McDonald's Click and drag to reorder skills Data Visualization See 3 endorsements for Data Visualization 3 Data Visualization Endorsed by 2 of Lorenzo’s colleagues at McDonald's Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Lorenzo has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Cloudera Data Analyst Training: Using Pig, Hive, and Impala with Hadoop Freakalytics | Data Visualization with Tableau Tableau Desktop Fundamentals Tableau Desktop Intermediate Interests SAP 955,914 followers Narrative Science 4,001 followers Teradata 143,425 followers Infographics & Data Visualization 7,900 members Data Science Central 291,506 members Customer Experience 5,175,888 followers See all See all following
More Actions Javier has a account Javier Leiva Risso Data Analyst United World Transportation Universidad de Las Américas (CL) British Columbia, Canada 6 6 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced professional with a strong focus on data analysis and demonstrated expertise elaborating operational and financial reports in port and construction industries. With a natural ability to quickly adapt and understand new systems; I am able to effectively apply research and offer solutions to real-world business problems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Customer Service Representative Company Name United World Transportation Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada Operations Analyst Company Name Coronel Container Terminal Dates Employed 2013 – 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Concepción Province, Chile Reporting directly to the Chief Operating Officer the presentations and monthly operations reports regarding the cargo trucks traffic and products entering the port’s ground • elaboration of reports and graphs represented on a Balanced Scorecard; using Excel, MS Access and PowerPoint presentations • developed macros and VB algorithms to automate some of the recurring reports • accomplished substantial database structure improvement by ensuring the data’s quality and integrity • calculation, tracking and analysis of the key performance indicators (KPI)• identification of trends through synthesization of data and statistics to pull-out insights and generate value onto the loading process and product’s distribution Project Manager Assistant Company Name Isadora Machinery Rental Dates Employed 2011 – 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Concepción Province, Chile Working with multi-disciplinary team, I played a key role in the development of several economic proposals for private and government bids of construction project lots. • actively worked in the project’s budgeting, cost controlling and progress claims using tools such as S curves, unit prices analysis and breakeven analysis• responsible of maintaining efficiently the project’s cash flows by managing supplier’s payments and invoice collections• detect deviations in clients payments and billings• bank duties, cheques and collection of time sheets data to prepare payroll Education Universidad de Las Américas (CL) Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Assistant Teacher of Operations Research : Problem-solving techniques using mathematical optimization, algorithms and analytical methods for decision making. Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistical Data Analysis Statistical Data Analysis No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Operations Research Operations Research No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Javier has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests Universidad de Las Américas (CL) 31,295 followers United World Transportation 273 followers Emily ChangEmily Chang is a LinkedIn Influencer Anchor, Bloomberg TV 284,142 followers Universidad de Las Américas (CL) 37,144 followers Big Data 5,065,077 followers Pulse 1,535,167 followers
More Actions Raj Ranjan has a account Raj Ranjan Singh Sr. Technical Data Analyst at Intuit, Inc. Intuit, Inc. The University of Texas at Dallas San Francisco, California 419 419 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent 6+ years of experience in using various BI Reporting Tools, Databases, SQL and SAS to provide deliverables in ETL, Metrics Reporting, Dashboards and Presentations. Technical Expertise: SAS, Tableau, SAP Business Objects XI R2/R3, Qlikview, Crystal Reports, TOAD (Oracle), MS SQL Server 2008Trained in ETL and Reporting tools like Informatica Power Center and Cognos ReportNet. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Technical Data Analyst Company Name Intuit, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Data Analyst, AVP Company Name Bank of the West, BNP Paribas Group Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Sr. Associate Company Name Cognizant Analytics Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area • Consulted as Business Analyst for a leading mortgage services company's Risk Management Team.• Fulfilled Ad-hoc requests for C-level data/reporting needs covering Loan Originations, Loan Servicing, Default Management and REO operations.• Studied industry data and economic research reports from third parties to present findings on the impacts to the current portfolio.• Assisted with deal tracking for the recent acquisitions for mortgage servicing rights. Business Analyst Company Name Fannie Mae Dates Employed Oct 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area • Utilizing SAS and Business Objects to construct Scorecards, workflow and exception reports to support REO business units such as Closing, Titles, Asset Recovery, Property Management, Sales and Repairs.• Developing and maintaining reporting based on TRAX and then Equator as the new System of Records for Fannie Mae assets.• Providing support for business units through activities such requirements gathering, data analysis, ad-hoc reporting and productionalizing reports. • Led the reporting for the pilot transaction of the REO Rental Pool program which aimed to sell Fannie Mae foreclosures to private investors for the purpose of turning the properties into rental units• Re-built the REO Assessment Report (Q1-Q3, 2012) for Servicer Total Achievement and Rewards™ (STAR™) Program; The program measures servicers across key operational and performance areas relative to their peers and acknowledges their achievement through star ratings.• Supported projects such as Repair Recommendation Tool that utilizes local market data to provide a recommendation that aides REO Sales Reps in the marketing decision of repairing a property versus selling As Is; by performing UAT and reporting on the tool's performance to fine-tune its metrics. Data Analyst Company Name Capital One Auto Finance Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area • Cross functional across various groups providing data analysis and developing metrics to track associate performance.• Responsible for daily monitoring and running of Performance Feedback Reports for associates across various lines of business.• Working on a strict deadline on a day-to-day basis to update Incentive Reports, including troubleshooting and communicating with end users.• Completed a project on automation and streamlining of the ETL process of Metrics Reporting using SAS and MS SQL Server 2008. See more positions Education The University of Texas at Dallas Degree Name MS Field Of Study Information Technology & Management Grade 3.7 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: SUG (SAP Users' Group) at UT Dallas, YES Plus Project: The Art of Living Foundation • Studied Advanced Business Intelligence software tools and techniques and the impact in various industries.• Hands on training in Base SAS, SAS EG, SAP SD, CRM 5.0 and SAP BW 7.0• Successfully completed mini-Projects for Management and Organizational Consulting, IT Strategy and Systems Analysis and Project Management. University of Pune Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Information Technology Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 13 endorsements for Business Intelligence 13 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Shumi Bhattacharya, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Raj Ranjan’s colleagues at The University of Texas at Dallas Click and drag to reorder skills Analytic Reporting See 1 endorsement for Analytic Reporting 1 Analytic Reporting Sagar Hatekar has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 3 endorsements for Data Analysis 3 Data Analysis Hirel Gala and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 37 more View 37 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Wesley Wolf Director, Compliance at Ocwen Financial Corporation - US May 29, 2013, Wesley managed Raj Ranjan directly Raj worked for me for 6 months as a business analyst. During that time, he played an integral role and contributed greatly to the productivity of the team. His business experience and technical skills were relied upon heavily. I would highly recommend him for any position. Fabrice Mulangu, MBA, CISA, ITIL Sr Manager Risk April 23, 2010, Raj Ranjan worked with Fabrice in the same group I have taken classes with Raj and in him I have found a level a knowledge and dedication I have not founf anywhere else. He has contributed largely in projects we have done together and been a great team player. His level of enthusiasm has done nothing but encourage his peers to do better. I would recommend Raj to any employer knowing that he will be a great asset for whoever he works for. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Raj Ranjan has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Scrum Master Certification in Business Intelligence and Data Mining Integration of Business Process in ERP Raj Ranjan has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Marathi Raj Ranjan has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score GRE Interests SAP Network GLOBAL for SAP Jobs, Opportunities, News and Knowledge 162,498 members ETL/DWH/Business Intelligence Jobs 25,049 members JPMorgan Chase & Co. 919,034 followers Intuit 135,196 followers Capital One Auto Finance 11,453 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,341,421 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gary has a account Gary Byington Business Analyst Senior at ProPay ProPay University of Phoenix Greater Salt Lake City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent SUCCESS-DRIVEN PROJECT MANAGER / BUSINESS, SYSTEMS AND DATA ANALYSTEffectively Communicate Business Needs to Software Development Teams as Product Expert.Diverse business and IT background as a small business owner with an intricate knowledge of the software development lifecycle, presenting technical concepts to all levels of understanding. Experienced author of Agile / Scrum user stories, and creator of use cases. Expert at in-depth data analysis for software defect resolution. Influential leader of cross-functional development teams and successful manager of product releases. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Analyst Senior Company Name ProPay Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Lehi, Utah Owner Company Name Crown Services Dates Employed Feb 1992 – Present Employment Duration 25 yrs 4 mos Location West Jordan, Utah Miscellaneous business services. Computer hardware, software, and network installation and consulting. Software configuration (Salesforce, property management, Microsoft Office, etc.). Fence repair and installation, lawn maintenance, contract painting, office cleaning, building restoration, and professional presentations. Production Support Engineer Company Name OrangeSoda Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location American Fork, Utah Marketing Project Manager Company Name SecureAlert Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Sandy, Utah Technical Business Analyst Company Name OrangeSoda Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location American Fork, Utah Throughout the period of the 6 month contract, I used my ability to quickly learn new industries, products, and processes, incorporate that learning with what I already know, and go and get the job done to quickly gather business requirements, author user stories, create use cases, act as product owner over various projects, do technical support, do data analysis, create training videos, and participate in all aspects of SCRUM. See more positions Education University of Phoenix Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Graduated with honors 3.89 GPAGained expertise in power point presentationsInstructed by industry professionals Brigham Young University Featured Skills & Endorsements Cross-functional Team Leadership See 34 endorsements for Cross-functional Team Leadership 34 Cross-functional Team Leadership Endorsed by 5 of Gary’s colleagues at OrangeSoda Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 34 endorsements for Project Management 34 Project Management Endorsed by 6 of Gary’s colleagues at OrangeSoda Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 32 endorsements for Leadership 32 Leadership Endorsed by 6 of Gary’s colleagues at OrangeSoda Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (21) Given (4) Christine Miller, PHR Currently looking for new job opportunity with a vibrant, growing company. October 24, 2012, Gary worked with Christine in the same group Gary was one of our Project Managers at Xennsoft and I appreciated the fact that I could always go to him any time I had questions when I was new at Xennsoft and learning about the software programs. He was always willing to listen and helpful in coming up with resolutions to our issues. He was great to work with and I highly recommend Gary. Lew Farrer, CSM Project Manager June 21, 2011, Lew managed Gary directly Gary is an excellent person to work with as he is very professional and thorough in his work. He knows how to follow through on tough technical assignments. A definite asset to have on my team and a pleasure to work with. View 19 more recommendations View 19 more recommendations recommendations Bobby McAllister Senior Software Engineer at Jeunesse Global January 3, 2013, Gary managed Bobby directly Bobby was always willing to do whatever was needed to get his tasks done in a correct and timely manner. He was a consummate team player, always willing to share his knowledge with others to help complete the project as promised. He is very knowledgeable technologically, and was able to complete some of the most difficult tasks because of that knowledge. I highly recommend Bobby as a Software Engineer and as a person. Christine Miller, PHR Currently looking for new job opportunity with a vibrant, growing company. October 23, 2012, Gary was senior to Christine but didn’t manage directly Christine is a smart, dedicated, organized (very!), caring, hard-working, and responsible professional. She is able to handle stressful situations in a calm and dignified manner. She learns new concepts and procedures quickly and is able to use what she learns to the benefit of others. Christine will thrive in whatever field she chooses to enter and will be a great addition to any employer. I highly recommend Christine. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Gary has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Gary has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Spanish Interests University of Phoenix 816,911 followers SolutionStream 1,365 followers Pulse 1,535,167 followers Excel Resources I.T. Jobs in Utah 141 members Tomax Corporation 926 followers HealthCare Insight 317 followers See all See all following
More Actions Olivier has a account Olivier Vitrat Remedy ITSM Specialist Saputo Inc. Glyndŵr University Montreal, Quebec, Canada 380 380 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - 20 years of experience in Information Technology- Various sectors of activity: Retail, Utilities, IT Service Management, Investment Banking- International exposure in large companies in Europe and North America- Knowledge of a wide selection of technologies (VMS,Windows, Unix, SQL...), methodology (ITIL) and soft skills (customer support, problem resolution...)- Specialties: IT Service Management, Remedy ITSM, ITIL; Problem resolution; customer & application support, data manipulation and analysis: SQL, Crystal Reports; System Administration: OpenVMS, DCL, Linux (Debian), Windows Server See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience ITSM administrator Company Name Saputo Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Ville-St-Laurent Remedy OnDemand 9.1, Smart IT, MyIT, Smart Reporting Analyste programmeur expert, exploitation des services Remedy Company Name Vidéotron Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Montreal, Canada Area Remedy ITSM Configuration Analyst Company Name CGI Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Montreal, Canada Area Business and Configuration Analyst (Data Foundation) for IT Service Management Team - Analyze requirements from customers - Prepare documents according to project plans - Work with internal clients to gather data and import them into Remedy ITSM - Participate to UAT and CAT testing - Migration of data from legacy Remedy systems to ITSM SaaSTools: BMC Remedy ITSM 7.6, 8.1 and Remedy OnDemand (SaaS), RKM, SLM, Atrium CMDB, Effective Technologies Transport utility Consultant Company Name CGI Dates Employed Apr 2002 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 14 yrs Location Montreal, Canada Area Technical Application Support Specialist Company Name SGCIB Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Montreal, Canada Area Level 2 support for banking in-house and COTS (Summit, Opics...) applications, packages deployment, tests, projects...Tools: Solaris, Linux, Windows, Sybase, Oracle, SQL Server, TIBCO BusinessWorks, Autosys, Business Objects See more positions Education Glyndŵr University Degree Name Bsc Field Of Study Computer studies Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1996 I've done only the 2nd year of the Bsc_______________________________________________VMS: Oracle, SQL forms, SQLNovell NetwareWindows; Visual Basic, C, C++ Université de Nantes Degree Name DUT Field Of Study Informatique, option Génie Informatique Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1995 VMS: ADA, COBOL, SQL, RdbWindows: Pascal, C, C++UNIX: Motif Featured Skills & Endorsements BMC Remedy BMC Remedy No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills BMC Remedy AR System BMC Remedy AR System No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills IT Service Management See 4 endorsements for IT Service Management 4 IT Service Management Jamie Le Tual and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (0) Richard G. Grenier Consultant in Information Technologies April 7, 2010, Richard managed Olivier directly Olivier is a good worker, delivers as per specifications, on time and on budget. He works well with the team, manages well his priorities and reports properly to the project managers. Michel Létourneau Conseiller en Sécurité des TI at Hydro Québec September 17, 2007, Michel managed Olivier directly Olivier aime les "challenges" intellectuels sur ses sujets de prédilection.......il fouillera pour trouver des voies de solution...... View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Olivier has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Spanish Interests Techsolcom/R3D Digital 1,312 followers Réseautage Québec Plus 143,220 members Technologie de l'information du Grand Montreal 18,243 members Université de Nantes 53,708 followers IT positions available 813 members FX INNOVATION 4,245 followers See all See all following
More Actions Julie has a account Julie Doran Regional Sales Director at INTERLINK® COE Networks & Programs INTERLINK Health Services Dallas/Fort Worth Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My passion for 25+ years has been working with brokers and employers on how to effectively manage a self-funded benefit plan and minimize costs. INTERLINK® COE Networks & Programs is an innovator in value-based goals resulting in cancer and transplant cost reductions. Our cancer program helps patients and local oncologists navigate care while using healthcare dollars efficiently with the current PPO Network or referenced-based pricing. Our expertise and provider tools focus on optimal evidence-based care & 85% of cancer treatments occur within the local community. INTERLINK has a 22 year history and is the only independent run Transplant Centers of Excellence (COE) Network in the country. We are known for our predictive modeling tools to identify transplant centers operating at peak performance.Please contact me for details.julie.doran@interlinkhealth.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Regional Sales Director Company Name INTERLINK Health Services Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Dallas, TX INTERLINK® leverages 22 years of COE network and program experience offering an innovative approach to cancer care and managing a transplant network. CancerCARE offers advanced technologies immediately after diagnosis, improved outcomes, avoiding misdiagnosis and provides plan savings. Proprietary software is available to support local oncologists when selecting outpatient therapies. Program details include managing evidence-based treatments, 2nd opinions, access to COE centers, remote pathology diagnostic COE and ACA clinical trials. CancerCARE Oncology Nurse Experts empower patients by providing education and healthcare navigation. TransplantCARE offers an exclusive network or we provide a case rate per transplant. In additions we also provide education with CCM credits to case managers, TPAs & stop loss carriers. We work with brokers, TPAs, captives, stop-loss carriers, self-funded employers and insurance companies. Ask me for ROI initiative stats and case study examples demonstrating our ground-breaking approach ensuring accurate diagnosis and treatments with the goal of optimal care. Other services offered: VAD/CardiacCOE, Member'sCHOICE and Additional NETWORKS Benefits Solutions Manager Company Name BenefitsPal Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Our products reduce the cost of care, lower employer loss ratios and employee out-of-pocket expenses. New Benefits and its BenefitsPal program is a privately held company headquartered in Dallas, TX. We help to Create Advantage by bringing unique, privately labeled solutions to brokerage firms, TPAs/insurance companies, exchange based platforms, associations, city chambers and many others. Data Analytics Company Name Marsh & McLennan Companies Dates Employed 2013 – 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Agency Data Analyst and underwriter for large fully insured and self-funded employers. Incorporated data analytic tools to impact the cost of care, population health management, improve wellness initiatives, enhance long term goals, driving cost reductions and developed risk management solutions. Volunteer Experience Economic Committee Company Name Dallas Regional Chamber Dates volunteered Oct 2013 – Oct 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment Past-President and Member Company Name Portland Association of Health Underwriters Dates volunteered 1990 – 2013 Volunteer duration 23 yrs Cause Health Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analytics See 1 endorsement for Data Analytics 1 Data Analytics Zain Hasan has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Underwriting See 11 endorsements for Underwriting 11 Underwriting Clark Johnson and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Health Insurance See 22 endorsements for Health Insurance 22 Health Insurance Endorsed by Jon Sanders and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Rob Diesel Commercial Insurance Agent at Hagan Hamilton Insurance Services September 30, 2011, Julie worked with Rob but at different companies Rob is energetic an out of the box thinker and an asset to ODS. He is enjoyable to work with, has a thorough understanding of the insurance industry and communicates his knowledge of complex concepts in an understandable manner. Accomplishments Julie has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Registered Employee Benefit Consultant (REBC) Registered Health Underwriter (RHU) Life & Health License Interests BenefitsPRO 33,540 members Harvard Business Review 4,099,119 followers AIG 385,927 followers Pulse 1,535,168 followers Insurance Professionals 210,201 members Self-Insurance Institute of America, Inc. (SIIA) 7,705 members See all See all following
More Actions Dick has a account Dick Siebert Data Analyst III at Sentry Insurance Sentry Insurance Wausau, Wisconsin Area 3 3 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst III Company Name Sentry Insurance Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,168 followers Sentry 11,090 followers
More Actions Lynn has a account Lynn De La Torre Contract Business Systems Analyst at Nike AudaExplore UCLA Portland, Oregon Area 495 495 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent More than ten years experience across a broad spectrum of roles within information technology. Currently Business Systems Analyst.Participated on the team that developed and currently supports a complete Social Media platform for an international firm with ties to Italy. Currently the Blog Editor and contributor to a blog about Italian culture.Proven track record for project management including international projects, release management, analysis for data warehouse and business intelligence, and Oracle applications / database deployments. Worked on both Agile and Kanban projects and have been a Scrum Master. * Performed analysis for Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence efforts * Delivered many successful projects for areas such as public web sites, Oracle ERP, Linux and data warehouse See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Contract Data Analyst Company Name AudaExplore Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Data analysis to support reporting solutions Blog contributor/Editor Company Name MADEINITALYMALL Dates Employed 2011 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 6 yrs Contribute articles in English about Italian culture for an educational blog. Editor for submissions in both Italian and English. Translate materials from Italian to English, as needed. Media (1) This position has 1 media Opera Archives - Madeinitalymall Opera Archives - Madeinitalymall This media is a link Contract Business Systems Analyst Company Name Nike Dates Employed May 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Beaverton, OR Supporting Nike Digital Consumer Services team as a Business Systems Analyst. Senior Systems Analyst Company Name Cambia Health Solutions Dates Employed May 2013 – May 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Portland, Oregon Area Senior Systems/Data Analyst on the Business Intelligence team. Working across all business segments to analyze data acquisition and reporting needs. Several reporting environments supported, but primary focus is on Greenplum database and Microstrategy reporting solutions. Project Manager Company Name Avianda Dates Employed May 2010 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Project Manager for company that specializes in environmentally conscious building techniques. The company is located in Leon, Mexico.Technical Lead for Oracle E-Business Suite Implementation for Mexican subsidiary in Leon. See more positions Education UCLA Degree Name BA Field Of Study Math Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Played on Women's club soccer teamResearch assistant for Econometrics study Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Wavertly Children's Home Dates volunteered Jan 2007 – Jul 2007 Volunteer duration 7 mos Assisted with Kid's Group Volunteer Company Name Books to Prisoners Dates volunteered Jan 2015 – Jan 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Civil Rights and Social Action Volunteer at Portland Books to Prisoners to send free books to individuals that are incarcerated. Featured Skills & Endorsements SDLC See 79 endorsements for SDLC 79 SDLC Endorsed by Kurt Rehfuss, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lynn’s colleagues at Cambia Health Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 77 endorsements for Business Intelligence 77 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Arnoud Otte and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Lynn’s colleagues at Cambia Health Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 48 endorsements for Data Warehousing 48 Data Warehousing Endorsed by Ramakrishna Dhulipala and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Lynn’s colleagues at Cambia Health Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (16) Matteo Silvestri Digital Business and Product Executive March 5, 2013, Lynn worked with Matteo in the same group Lynn is quick, smart, focused, and humble. She handles multiple tasks and adapts to working with a broad range of people with spectacular ability and flexibility. Her skills evolve continuously and rapidly every time she’s engaged in a new project. Every project handled by Lynn is always a success, especially because she doesn’t give up: patiently and firmly she always gets a result. Since I met Lynn, I’ve noticed that she has endless resources and knowledge on a wide variety of topics from the arts to high-ed, complex technology. It has been a great pleasure and honor for me collaborating with Lynn on a social media project lately, which is taking off very fast and performing well. I look forward to sharing with Lynn in future business ventures together. Thomas Cox Director of Becoming a Best Boss Speaking, Training & Coaching February 25, 2013, Lynn worked with Thomas in the same group Lynn is a diligent project manager who also works very well with people. I worked with her on a large and politically sensitive project. She was always on top of her details, always supportive, and often anticipated my needs. Anyone looking for a top notch project manager will be happy with her. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Vicky Li Data Architect/Data Engineer/DBA, OCP October 9, 2016, Vicky worked with Lynn in the same group I was very happy to reconnect with Vicky recently at Nike. We didn't work together much during my contract there, but it was a great chance to catch up on "all things data". Vicky did a fabulous job as our Lead DBA for a Data Warehouse project a few years ago at Cambia. She is thorough, detail-oriented and conscientious. I hope I get an opportunity to work with Vicky again in the future. Tina Hauman Project Assistant at Elektrobit (EB) - Automotive February 8, 2015, Lynn worked with Tina in different groups I am happy to get connected to Tina on LinkedIn. She and I have been colleagues as Systems Analysts over the last few years at Cambia Health. Tina has always shown herself to be a true professional as well as someone that I could rely on to get things done. View 14 more recommendations View 14 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Lynn has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Guest Blogger List of articles published by l'Italo Americano NFS V4 Testiing Data Center Linux Lynn has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages French Italian Spanish Lynn has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Scrum Master - Scrum Alliance Lynn has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Latinos Profesionales Lynn has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Italian Magazine Blog Interests Pulse 1,535,168 followers University of California, Los Angeles 508,139 followers Bachman Information Systems Alumni 150 members MADEINITALYMALL 55 followers University of California, Los Angeles 478,276 followers Cambia Health Solutions 9,821 followers See all See all following
More Actions Danqing has a account Danqing Hu Data Analyst at Analytics Resourcing Center (ARC) Analytics Resourcing Center (ARC) Ryerson University Toronto, Ontario, Canada 63 63 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in retail industry. Skilled in Databases (eg. SQL server), Tabeau, SAS, R, Python and Marketing Analysis. Strong information technology professional with a Certiﬁcate in Data Analytics, Big Data, and Predictive Analytics focused in Data Analytics from Ryerson University. Passionate about analyzing and marketing. Ability to provide better understanding for customer, product, event/campaign, etc. to support more accurate marketing in the further. Experienced on marketing research for specific purposes (eg. on new customer, a product category, etc.) and answering business questions using marketing metrics (eg. basket size, visit per customer, refund customer) in reports. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Analytics Resourcing Center (ARC) Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos • Define RFV customer segmentation for clients with business manager and generate business report based on RFV customer segmentation and refresh cycle• Conduct pre-marketing campaign report, estimate the campaign cost and ROI / ROAS based on business objective• Design post-campaign criteria and evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of the previous marketing activity by comparing Contact group with Control group (A/B test)• Design Tableau Dashboard such as customer migration, basket association, etc. with weekly or monthly data feeds to support business day to day decision• Design routine reports generated by the SQL code and Macro variable with loop function • Generate ad-hoc reports using marketing metrics to solve specific business problems in SQL server, SAS EG, R or Python.• Identify data quality issue and pre-process (eliminate missing and duplicate) data in SQL Server, SAS EG, or R• Collect and clarify project requirements with internal / external clients on details and deadlines, discuss with them to better fit their needs• Tightly communicate with database administrators to make sure data source is fine and ready to use in project• Create and manage multiple projects by JIRA tickets to ensure everything can be tracked for further use.• Always deliver quality to clientsSome project keywords: Customer Segmentation RFM Refreshment Adjustment Customer Migration Pre-campaign Dashboard Post campaign Dashboard Customer Profiling Report Price/Quantity Bounce Dashbaord New Customer Tracking Dashboard Geographic Analysis (Postal code, Environics Data) Flyer list Pulling Basket Association Dashboard Regional Population/Household Sales Correlation Circulation Vehicle (Channel) Analysis Database Specialist and Data Integrity Analyst Company Name China Iron & Steel Research Institute Group (CISRI) Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos • 3+ years of maintaining MS SQL Server database to dealing with various client requests and problems• 7+ years of using Access and Excel to generate and maintain daily clients’ data• 3+ years of writing VBA codes in Excel to batch-process the client’s information collection• Analyzed, visualized, represented and reported using PowerPoint, Word and Visio based on queries in Access• Established and maintained an integrated Access database, provided technical supports and services • Conducted detailed analysis and made recommendations to enhance working efficiency and effectiveness Education Ryerson University Degree Name Certiﬁcate in Data Analytics, Big Data, and Predictive Analytics Field Of Study Data Analytics Grade A Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Experience on Data analytics:-- Tools: Data extraction and manipulation in SAS, SQL and NoSQL databases for structured or semi-structured data, Experiment Design, and Machine Learning algorithms implementation in R, distributive computing for unstructured data in Hadoop (Hive, Pig and Spark) -- Projects: Compared various clustering algorithms in R (kNN, Logistic Regression) to predict wine quality in order to determine which method had the highest performance Cleansed and analyzed twitter feeds with Pig and Hive to determine popular topics, most influential users and their locations. Predicted housing price in R using Linear Regression, predict cancer in R using Logistic Regression, and detect spam email using Naive Bayes Classification.Understood how NLP (Natural Language Processing) is working within IBM Watson and created a corpus for use in IBM Watson to produce a program for answering Ontario-museum-related questions. Centennial College Field Of Study Computer Software Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2015 Software Languages:-- PL/SQL (Oracle, MS SQL Server)-- HTML/CSS/Javascript-- C#-- Java Stanford University and Coursera Online Field Of Study Machine Learning Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2015 Matlab and Machine Learning algorithms See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 2 endorsements for SQL 2 SQL Ginny Davidson and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 1 endorsement for Databases 1 Databases Ginny Davidson has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Linux See 1 endorsement for Linux 1 Linux Ginny Davidson has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Danqing has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) Interests TED Conferences 5,361,369 followers Beijing Institute of Graphic Communication 2,738 followers Analytics Resourcing Centre (ARC) 149 followers Chang School Experiential Learning Exchange 36 members Ryerson University 178,393 followers Big Data 5,065,085 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nani has a account Nani Pulugujju Sql Developer & Data Analyst Accuracy Pte Ltd Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad Area, India 202 202 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Sql developer with good technical skills Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Nani’s Activity 202 followers Kanika’s photo Nani liked Regarding Job , Iam Searching for Job as Sql Developer , Strong knowledge in Sql , mysql . If you have any Openings see my profile and comment Below , Regards, Nani, nancharaiah.pulugujju@gmail.com. Nani shared this See all activity Experience SQL Developer and data analyst Company Name Accuracy Pte Ltd Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Hyderabad Area, India Accuracy Pte Ltd is an Analytics Company Education Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Grade A+ Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2015 Activities and Societies: I got two certificates which belongs to project expo A brief history of the UniversityJNTU (Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University) was originally ‘The College of Engineering, Vizagpatnam’ at the time of its establishment in 1946. It is now a sprawling campus of 110 acres, green with mango trees in the fast developing Port city of Kakinada, East coast of peninsula India. Kakinada has a rich political literacy and cultural heritage passed on through generations This college became a constituent of the Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University w.e.f 02-10-1972 through an act of legislature along with other sister institutions under the control of the then Director of Technical Education, Government of Andhra Pradesh. Earlier, it was affiliated to Andhra University. In the year 2003 the college has become autonomous. Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Degree Name B.tech Field Of Study Electronics and Communications Engineering Grade 80 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2015 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Warehousing See 1 endorsement for Data Warehousing 1 Data Warehousing Rahul Venepally has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Office 1 Microsoft Office pratap Chandran Nair has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C See 1 endorsement for C 1 C pratap Chandran Nair has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nani has 6 projects 6 Expand projects section Projects WildLife Conflict Analysis Dashboard Payment Transactions Data Analytics Statler Revenue Analysis Sales Dash Board of Lanka tiles Tenaga Nasional Berhad Performance of Assets IFCA Consulting Group Nani has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Telugu hindhi Nani has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification INDUSTRIAL TRINNING Nani has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization accuracy info labs pvt limited Nani has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication linkedin Interests Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University 237,983 followers Verizon 493,645 followers COVIAM 1,953 followers Accuracy 3,616 followers Lou AdlerLou Adler is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO, best-selling author, created Performance-based Hiring. Recent book: The Essential Guide for Hiring & Getting Hired 1,111,283 followers Hilary MasonHilary Mason is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Fast Forward Labs 141,488 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lynn has a account Lynn De La Torre Contract Business Systems Analyst at Nike AudaExplore UCLA Portland, Oregon Area 495 495 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent More than ten years experience across a broad spectrum of roles within information technology. Currently Business Systems Analyst.Participated on the team that developed and currently supports a complete Social Media platform for an international firm with ties to Italy. Currently the Blog Editor and contributor to a blog about Italian culture.Proven track record for project management including international projects, release management, analysis for data warehouse and business intelligence, and Oracle applications / database deployments. Worked on both Agile and Kanban projects and have been a Scrum Master. * Performed analysis for Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence efforts * Delivered many successful projects for areas such as public web sites, Oracle ERP, Linux and data warehouse See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Contract Data Analyst Company Name AudaExplore Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Data analysis to support reporting solutions Blog contributor/Editor Company Name MADEINITALYMALL Dates Employed 2011 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 6 yrs Contribute articles in English about Italian culture for an educational blog. Editor for submissions in both Italian and English. Translate materials from Italian to English, as needed. Media (1) This position has 1 media Opera Archives - Madeinitalymall Opera Archives - Madeinitalymall This media is a link Contract Business Systems Analyst Company Name Nike Dates Employed May 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Beaverton, OR Supporting Nike Digital Consumer Services team as a Business Systems Analyst. Senior Systems Analyst Company Name Cambia Health Solutions Dates Employed May 2013 – May 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Portland, Oregon Area Senior Systems/Data Analyst on the Business Intelligence team. Working across all business segments to analyze data acquisition and reporting needs. Several reporting environments supported, but primary focus is on Greenplum database and Microstrategy reporting solutions. Project Manager Company Name Avianda Dates Employed May 2010 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Project Manager for company that specializes in environmentally conscious building techniques. The company is located in Leon, Mexico.Technical Lead for Oracle E-Business Suite Implementation for Mexican subsidiary in Leon. See more positions Education UCLA Degree Name BA Field Of Study Math Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Played on Women's club soccer teamResearch assistant for Econometrics study Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Wavertly Children's Home Dates volunteered Jan 2007 – Jul 2007 Volunteer duration 7 mos Assisted with Kid's Group Volunteer Company Name Books to Prisoners Dates volunteered Jan 2015 – Jan 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Civil Rights and Social Action Volunteer at Portland Books to Prisoners to send free books to individuals that are incarcerated. Featured Skills & Endorsements SDLC See 79 endorsements for SDLC 79 SDLC Endorsed by Kurt Rehfuss, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lynn’s colleagues at Cambia Health Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 77 endorsements for Business Intelligence 77 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Arnoud Otte and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Lynn’s colleagues at Cambia Health Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 48 endorsements for Data Warehousing 48 Data Warehousing Endorsed by Ramakrishna Dhulipala and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Lynn’s colleagues at Cambia Health Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (16) Matteo Silvestri Digital Business and Product Executive March 5, 2013, Lynn worked with Matteo in the same group Lynn is quick, smart, focused, and humble. She handles multiple tasks and adapts to working with a broad range of people with spectacular ability and flexibility. Her skills evolve continuously and rapidly every time she’s engaged in a new project. Every project handled by Lynn is always a success, especially because she doesn’t give up: patiently and firmly she always gets a result. Since I met Lynn, I’ve noticed that she has endless resources and knowledge on a wide variety of topics from the arts to high-ed, complex technology. It has been a great pleasure and honor for me collaborating with Lynn on a social media project lately, which is taking off very fast and performing well. I look forward to sharing with Lynn in future business ventures together. Thomas Cox Director of Becoming a Best Boss Speaking, Training & Coaching February 25, 2013, Lynn worked with Thomas in the same group Lynn is a diligent project manager who also works very well with people. I worked with her on a large and politically sensitive project. She was always on top of her details, always supportive, and often anticipated my needs. Anyone looking for a top notch project manager will be happy with her. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Vicky Li Data Architect/Data Engineer/DBA, OCP October 9, 2016, Vicky worked with Lynn in the same group I was very happy to reconnect with Vicky recently at Nike. We didn't work together much during my contract there, but it was a great chance to catch up on "all things data". Vicky did a fabulous job as our Lead DBA for a Data Warehouse project a few years ago at Cambia. She is thorough, detail-oriented and conscientious. I hope I get an opportunity to work with Vicky again in the future. Tina Hauman Project Assistant at Elektrobit (EB) - Automotive February 8, 2015, Lynn worked with Tina in different groups I am happy to get connected to Tina on LinkedIn. She and I have been colleagues as Systems Analysts over the last few years at Cambia Health. Tina has always shown herself to be a true professional as well as someone that I could rely on to get things done. View 14 more recommendations View 14 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Lynn has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Guest Blogger List of articles published by l'Italo Americano NFS V4 Testiing Data Center Linux Lynn has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages French Italian Spanish Lynn has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Scrum Master - Scrum Alliance Lynn has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Latinos Profesionales Lynn has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Italian Magazine Blog Interests Prospanica Oregon Chapter 87 members Bachman Information Systems Alumni 150 members University of California, Los Angeles 478,304 followers University of California, Los Angeles 508,138 followers MADEINITALYMALL 55 followers Pulse 1,535,168 followers See all See all following
More Actions Olga has a account Olga Gelman Sr.Data and Reporting Analyst Illumina Gubkin Russian State University of Oil and Gas (former Moscow State Academy of Oil and Gas) Greater San Diego Area 162 162 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name Illumina Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location San Diego, California Senior Reporting and Decision Data Analyst Company Name MCG - part of the Hearst Health network Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location La Jolla, San Diego • Leverage web tracking and navigation logs to enable decision support for product managers, account managers, and developers via usage reports and quantitative analyses• Extract data from various data sources using SQL, create internal reports, and interpret results to drive decisions in support of product management and content development• Design and develop reporting dashboards using reporting web tools • Improve performance of existing reporting views, and design and implement new views based on client feedback• Support and train clients with basic to advanced reporting needs by creating and user-friendly training manuals and providing on-call training• Support on-going reports and ad-hoc requests from internal and external clients• Prepare monthly usage reports for product development and on-going client support• Drive the effort from requirements to implementation and testing for a suite of standard reports for the web products, using web based reporting tool• Serve as subject matter expert on the reporting and the application usage for the sales, marketing and product management teams Senior Data Analyst/IT Liaison Company Name University of California, San Diego Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos • Serve as primary liaison between External Relations/IT and Alumni Relations, and as intermediary among other UCSD departments• Responsible for evaluating information gathered from multiple sources, interpreting customers business needs and translating them into application and operational requirements, as well as obtaining buy-in from all stakeholders, and driving projects into implementation phase• Work closely with Alumni Relations to understand and analyze information needs and functional requirements and deliver Business Requirement Documents defining use cases diagrams, flowcharts, GUI screens and design• Collaborate with developers and data warehouse experts to improve efficiency of data gathering for constituent/donor database – the main source for UCSD fundraising. Analyzed data for mapping, conversion and data exchange of new business tools acquired by department (Client Community (iModules))• Facilitate working sessions with Alumni Relations, Development, Membership and Processing, in order to consolidate intradepartmental report generation system• Identified business requirements, and deliver solutions on improving operational web-based user- friendly reporting for Alumni Relations and other departments• Extract and organize data from multiple sources, to analyze alumni behavior, establish new target analysis and data segmentation reports, used for marketing and communication needs of Alumni Education Gubkin Russian State University of Oil and Gas (former Moscow State Academy of Oil and Gas) Degree Name M.S. in Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 11 endorsements for SQL 11 SQL Endorsed by Annie Flager, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Olga’s colleagues at MCG Health Click and drag to reorder skills Visual Studio See 4 endorsements for Visual Studio 4 Visual Studio Vladimir Semenchuk and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Agile Methodologies See 4 endorsements for Agile Methodologies 4 Agile Methodologies Endorsed by 2 of Olga’s colleagues at MCG Health Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Olga has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Java Tableau Advance Training Interests Российский государственный университет нефти и газа (национальный исследовательский университет) имени И.М. Губкина 10,331 followers Smith Hanley Associates 17,851 followers BD 157,790 followers Tableau Software Fans and Friends 40,385 members MCG Health 5,326 followers Gubkin Russian State University of Oil and Gas (National Research University) 10,462 followers See all See all following
More Actions Maxim has a account Maxim Severin Product Manager Machine Learning and CRO at Affinitas GmbH Zalando SE Humanities University, Ekaterinburg, Russia Berlin Area, Germany 181 181 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Product Specialist Company Name Zalando SE Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Berlin Area, Germany Data science for sales forecast Product Manager Machine Learning and CRO Company Name Affinitas GmbH Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Berlin Area, Germany Data Analyst Company Name Berzin Archives Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Berlin, Germany Use Python (Pandas, Beautiful Soap, NLTK), Google Analytics andGoogle Tag Manager to deliver insights about users' behavior Product Manager Company Name Yandex Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Moscow, Russian Federation Managment of a team of 10 developers and data scientists, we worked on definingusers' gender, age and other characteristics, basing on web behavior. A lot of machine learning and data science Media (1) This position has 1 media Машинное обучение в рекламе Максим Северин, менеджер по исследованиям и аналитике Машинное обучение в рекламе Максим Северин, менеджер по исследованиям и аналитике This media is a link Data Analyst Company Name Yandex Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Moscow, Russian Federation Full stack of advertising analytics: analytic reports, analytic tools, efficiencyevaluation, surveys, presentations etc See more positions Education Humanities University, Ekaterinburg, Russia Degree Name Honor degree Field Of Study Social Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Digital Strategy See 6 endorsements for Digital Strategy 6 Digital Strategy Dr. Brooklynn Ann Welden and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Google Analytics See 6 endorsements for Google Analytics 6 Google Analytics Andrey Krasnikov and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Market Research See 6 endorsements for Market Research 6 Market Research Endorsed by 2 of Maxim’s colleagues at Yandex Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Maxim has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications APIs and Web Scraping Course Data Analysis with Pandas: Intermediate Course Data Science Projects Course Data Visualization Course Python Programming: Intermediate Course Python for Business Analysts Course Maxim has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Russian Interests Jake WoodJake Wood is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO of Team Rubicon 121,123 followers Study Buddhism 15 followers The Economist (official group for The Economist newspaper) 118,941 members Salesforce 784,116 followers Digital Marketing 1,147,002 members Uber 601,178 followers See all See all following
More Actions Leah has a account Leah Canning IT Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence & Analytics at BD BD Lycoming College Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent BD is a medical technology company that serves healthcare institutions, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, industry and the general public."Helping all people live healthy lives"​ is BD's corporate purpose and the inspiration behind our global enterprise. It is a call to action that resounds with BD associates around the world. By giving our time, our talent and our resources through philanthropic and charitable efforts, we seek to improve global health standards and access to healthcare for all communities. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Leah’s Activity 533 followers No Consistency, No Success Leah liked Becton Dickinson tops Street 2Q forecasts Leah liked Becton Dickinson acquires C.R. Bard in $24 billion medical device deal Leah shared this See all activity Experience IT Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence & Analytics Company Name BD Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Manager of Contract Execution Company Name BD Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Franklin Lakes, NJ Team Leader of Contract Administration Company Name BD Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Franklin Lakes, NJ Customer Data Analyst Company Name BD Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Franklin Lakes, NJ • Lead associate for analysis and maintenance of all BD distributor customer cross reference data.• Responsible for analyzing and processing rebates across all rebating distributors using the following tools: SAP, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, and BI Reporting.• Responsible for all commercial operations customer master data (data cleansing, class of trade, etc.) Main contact for any issues/changes necessary to these customer accounts.• Provided customer account/data analysis support for numerous departments (Rebates, Contracts, Business Analytics, Distributor Relations, Sales & Marketing, etc.).• Key stakeholder in the customer accounts and delta data analysis throughout the SAP system upgrade. • Responsible for cleansing customer data and master data alignment with legacy Carefusion. Vendor Account Analyst Company Name Managed Health Care Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Florham Park, NJ • Managed and processed vendor paperwork and critical documents • Responsible for maintaining the eligibility of MHA members based on various specific requirements.• Reconciled member eligibility issues with internal teams and vendors to ensure members are receiving contract pricing. • Provided daily customer service to build vendor rapport• Responsible for adapting and implementing specific vendor processes and procedures. • Strong knowledge and use of the MHA database systems and processes (i.e. MIDAS/Cognos/SQL).• Performed weekly analysis on data to run various vendors reports (i.e. sales data, membershiprosters) See more positions Education Lycoming College Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Psychology, Digital Media Communications Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 DePaul Catholic High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Eva's Village Dates volunteered Nov 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 7 mos Cause Poverty Alleviation Volunteer Company Name The Salvation Army Dates volunteered Dec 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 6 mos Cause Poverty Alleviation Featured Skills & Endorsements Social Networking See 18 endorsements for Social Networking 18 Social Networking Kevin McKernan and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 16 endorsements for Customer Service 16 Customer Service Endorsed by 7 of Leah’s colleagues at BD Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 13 endorsements for Management 13 Management Endorsed by 4 of Leah’s colleagues at BD Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Kristin Kinahan Membership Supervisor at Managed Health Care Associates, Inc. January 12, 2016, Kristin managed Leah directly Leah’s key strengths in the areas of multi-tasking, attention to detail, organization and working knowledge of the vendor processes and procedures have contributed to her solid performance while working at MHA. She has demonstrated her ability to work well in a key position within the department. She is an ambitious and quick learner who works well with her team members as well as internal/external customers alike. Jennifer Figured Owner of Bug King Pest Solutions January 13, 2016, Jennifer was senior to Leah but didn’t manage directly I worked with Leah at Express Employment. You will not find another individual with such a great personality and true dedication to her work! Leah worked with a smile on her face providing excellent service to our clients and associates. Leah did an excellent job coming up with unique marketing campaigns to get the attention of prospects. I would highly recommend Leah! Jennifer Figured Owner of Bug King Pest Solutions January 11, 2016, Jennifer was senior to Leah but didn’t manage directly I had the pleasure of working with Jennifer at Express Employment Professionals. She is an outstanding leader who is highly motivated, diligent and respectful. If you are seeking a candidate that is reliable and always willing to go the extra mile, Jennifer is the perfect fit. Accomplishments Leah has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards US Region Values in Action Award SPOT Award Interests BD 157,790 followers Pulse 1,535,168 followers Forbes Consulting Group 1,053 followers Professional Women in Healthcare 1,644 members Dana-Farber Cancer Institute 29,501 followers St. Jude Children's Research Hospital - ALSAC 51,227 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Valentine Global Revenue Planning and Analysis at TerraCycle TerraCycle Shippensburg University Langhorne, Pennsylvania 106 106 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Global Revenue Planning and Analysis Company Name TerraCycle Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Trenton, NJ Managing the Global Invoicing Calculation process and all revenue forecasting for TerraCycle International. Supporting the Operations, Account Management, Finance, and Business Development, MARCOM departments. Providing projections, revenue, and performance analysis for all programs running across Terracycle's 22 countries of operation. Managing the revenue and performance forecasts for our annual budgeting process. - Worked with Global Sales staff to optimize the individual revenue forecasts for every team in multiple global markets Media (1) This position has 1 media Example Projection.xlsx Example Projection.xlsx This media is a link Global Data Analyst Company Name TerraCycle Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Trenton, NJ Supporting the Account Management, Finance, and Business Development, MARCOM departments. Providing projections, revenue, and performance analysis for all programs running across Terracycle's 22 countries of operation. Managing the invoicing calculation process for the three largest countries of operation (USA,CA,MX). Managing the revenue and performance forecasts for our annual budgeting process. - Redesigned and optimized the revenue/collection projection process based historical collection results and implemented program modifications- Created and implemented projection request format to more efficiently manage results- Effectively communicated projection assumptions to all relevant parties including: Executive, Sales, Finance, and Operations supporting both internal team/external client needs- Worked with Global Sales staff to optimize the individual revenue forecasts for every team in multiple global markets Assistant Data Analyst Company Name TerraCycle Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Trenton, NJ - I manage the Account Management Projection process for hundreds of programs spanning 22 countries.- I run general Data Analysis on hundreds of thousands of Terracycle participants to identify trends and measure program performance. - I am responsible for the invoicing calculation process for the largest Terracycle region of operation (USA) Sales Associate Company Name Game Stop Dates Employed Feb 2006 – May 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 4 mos Trained six new employeesConsistently recognized for outstanding customer serviceRanked as a Top 10 Sales Associate in the company for 2011 Operated Point of Service systemAverage of 100% in review scores of my performance in customer comments resulted in my top 10 ranking for 2011. Education Shippensburg University Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Field Of Study Finance; Economics Minor Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 John L. Grove College of Business Accredited by AACSB International Bucks County Community College Degree Name Associate of Science Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Saint Joseph's University Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytic Problem Solving Analytic Problem Solving No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Critical Thinking Critical Thinking No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Process Optimization Process Optimization No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (2) Grace Sica Director of Strategic Partnerships & Cause Marketing January 22, 2016, Grace was senior to Chris but didn’t manage directly Chris' analysis and insights have been critical in guiding business decisions at every level. His work is clear and thoughtful, and he regularly provides innovative perspectives and solutions. He's a great quantitative and intuitive thinker and best of all he's a genuinely kind person. I'm happy to recommend him! Dan Harris I help companies manage their printing and imaging technology September 21, 2015, Dan was senior to Chris but didn’t manage directly Chris replaced me as senior Data Analyst roughly two years ago. He came to the job extremely proficient at Microsoft Excel, and he already had a firm grasp on general and complex analysis. He was incredibly easy to train as he only required being taught the specific types of analyses and data that we use at TerraCycle. Chris is a smart worker. If you want someone to maintain a process, Chris can do that, but he'd be best utilized in a role that allows him to improve processes. I would strongly recommend Chris, not only for forecasting, pricing, and analysis, but any role that requires a fast learner and critical thinking ability. I'd excitedly hire Chris again if given the opportunity. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Daniel Victory Sales Analyst, AfH Customer Programs at SCA March 13, 2015, Chris was senior to Daniel but didn’t manage directly I have had the pleasure of working with Dan for 2 years at TerraCycle. I am lucky to have him as a coworker as he has always been willing to take on new responsibilities and develop the necessary skills as his responsibilities grow here. His cooperation and attentiveness when he took over the SAP responsibilities for the Account Management department were a true asset to the transition process. Dan is a proactive and hardworking individual who would make a great addition to any team. Dan Harris I help companies manage their printing and imaging technology March 13, 2015, Chris reported directly to Dan I have had the pleasure of working with Dan for 2 years through two different roles. Dan was an excellent mentor and manager to me and played an integral role in my professional development at Terracycle. I was lucky to have his guidance for my transition into the Data Analyst role and to have him teach me the details of my position when I first arrived. He was always focused and hardworking in even the most stressful of situations and earns my recommendation as a valuable asset for any organization. Accomplishments Chris has 12 courses 12 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Financial Management Company & Security Analysis Environmental Economics Estate Planning Financial Accounting Financial Management Health Economics Investments Macro Economics Managerial Accounting Chris has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Apparel & Fashion 3,071,915 followers Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania 35,480 followers Bucks County Community College 23,186 followers Saint Joseph's University 54,957 followers Careers: The Next Level 2,916,076 followers Banking & Finance 11,211,337 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Harris Data Consultant at CBRE CBRE Cardiff University London, United Kingdom 198 198 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Consultant Company Name CBRE Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom Data Analyst Company Name JLL Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Canary Wharf Business Intelligence Analyst Company Name Carter Jonas Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Location London, United Kingdom Data & Insight Analyst Company Name Carter Jonas Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Oxford Street, London VLE Analyst and Administrator Company Name BPP Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos See more positions Education Cardiff University Degree Name MChem Field Of Study Chemistry; Medicinal and Enzyme Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Research Project Title: Synthesis of Anti-HIV Compounds 2:1Key Modules: Stereochemistry and Reactivity 1:1 Spectroscopy and Kinetics 1:1 Key Skills for Chemists 1:1 Atomic and Molecular Spectroscopy 2:1 Application of Research Methods; Independent researchWorking collaborativelyData collection, manipulation and analysisPresentational skillsPersonal time-management St. Julian's School Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2002 A Levels: Maths (A), Physics (A), Chemistry (B)GCSEs: 5A*,3A Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 7 endorsements for Analysis 7 Analysis Krishma Gajjar and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CRM See 5 endorsements for CRM 5 CRM Krishma Gajjar and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 4 endorsements for Research 4 Research Andy Chiakle and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Award in Data Management Interests Golley Slater 3,298 followers JLL 451,995 followers BPP Official Group 4,906 members Estate Agent Networking 16,206 members Carter Jonas 6,047 followers London Metropolitan University 104,915 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alicia has a account Alicia Pollock Senior Data Analyst at Agero Agero, Inc. Sault College Greater Boston Area 120 120 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Results-driven business systems analyst and data analyst with ten years of IT experience including business and systems analysis, data and statistical analysis who has successfully worked on projects from requirements to implementation and provided production support in fast paced, time-sensitive environments.• Motivated achiever who excels at managing teams, collaborating with project teams, interfacing with clients and deploying technology to build successful solutions for clients.• Strong leadership experience in both the private and public sectors managing a staff of customer service professionals.• Strong analytical and problem solving skills, excellent planning and multi-tasking abilities, with proven experience in utilizing people and process knowledge to help enterprises make critical decisions.• High-performing professional with Business Administration courses, Human Resource courses and proven track record of increasing productivity, quality and customer satisfaction.AREAS OF EXPERTISE• Full Lifecycle Development• Waterfall, Agile andPMI Methodology • Vendor Management• Object Oriented Analysis and Design using UML• Quality Assurance • Productivity Improvement • End-to-End Project Implementation and analysis• Multi-Site, Multi-Project Leadership• Internal/External Client Service and Support• Process Improvement• Word Processing and Program creation • Product, Coaching and Team Performance Management • Database Management • Technical Training• Conflict Management• Change Management• Cross-Functional Leadership See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name Agero, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos SR Business/Systems/Billing/Data Analyst Company Name Agero Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 8 mos Location Medford MA Business/Systems/Billing/Data Analyst• Responsible for the business and data analysis processes; from writing systems requirements to developing functional specifications for billing processes and quality assurance engineers. Agero is the largest Roadside Assistance and Motor Club supplier for Automotive OEM, such as; G.M, Ford/Lincoln, Toyota/Lexus, Chrysler as well as Insurance clients. • Wrote billing specifications for complex direct access integration projects (xml based contract in which internal system makes a direct connection to an external system to retrieve data) with some of the leading insurance providers in the US. This helped increase collections by over a million dollars per year.• Successfully worked on a high profile project with one of the company’s biggest insurance clients to improve the billing processes between the two parties. Company saved $50,000 per month as a result of the improved and efficient billing process that was implemented • Effectively managed project change requests, scope changes and critical system issues through collaboration between business, IT and external clients while using tools like Remedy and JIRA• Responsible for analyzing and fixing data issues enabling the effective billing of clients, sometimes running into the millions of dollars. In 2015 identified and recovered over 3 million dollars in lost or mishandled revenue. Currently on track to more than double this, in first 6 months I have recovered over 6.4 million dollars. • Coordinate and communicate information related to the successful deployment of One Road (CRM application) to Operations and IT• Review proposed changes and offer suggestions for improvements • Subject Matter Expert on all aspects of data management, on-boarding of all client load files.• Ability to work with internal and external stakeholders to find creative solutions to business problems using knowledge of all the data stored and maintained by the IT organization. QA Specialist Company Name Agero Dates Employed Nov 2006 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 8 mos • Created and maintained an Access Database reporting tool to track One Road issues • Remedy Help Desk ticket organization for all categories and • Created a spreadsheet which reported on call center metrics to upper management on a daily basis.• Conducted general test case writing, application testing, unit testing, integrated testing, regression testing, stress/load testing, and validation.• Participated in the analysis, design and implementation of information systems in order to meet specified functional design requirements and specifications.• Debugged routine programs, prepared system test data, and prepared system documentation. Operations Supervisor Company Name Agero Dates Employed Oct 2004 – Nov 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos • Supervised and managed a staff of 15 or more Customer Service Representatives (staffing is seasonal and service level dependent), provided evaluations, feedback and coaching on performance levels. Managed time-off requests, discipline issues, and other miscellaneous Human Resource issues. • Responsible for setting annual performance objectives, establishing clear and concise expectations with employees to facilitate individual employee development and meet company goals.• Prepared associate performance evaluations and participated in discussions around performance standards.• Interacted with customers in a variety of settings ensuring customer satisfaction • Implemented problem-solving and utilized conflict resolution skills to ensure customer/staff satisfaction and safety.• Monitored productivity and performance data of customer service representatives and provided feedback and instructions as necessary.• Experience working in a unionized workplace and an understanding of the grievance process. Operations Supervisor Company Name EDS Dates Employed Nov 2001 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Sault Ste Marie • EDS site Management Expert for SAP payroll system, thorough understanding of Blue Pumpkin as a work force planning tool, tracking of IT tickets through the Vantive Program tool. • Used computer to organize/analyze statistical information and generate reports and graphs. Worked in conjunction with COPC planner for data analysis of Workforce Management to determine FTE requirements and to streamline scheduling processes.• Introduced and completed the rollout of ES SAP Global management tool site-wide. Continued to support, problem solve, and troubleshoot issues within the implementation. Developed, explored, and implemented cost saving measures within the payroll system. • In depth analysis of Call Volume, Average Handle Time, and Staffing level to assist in the improvement and efficiency of Workforce planning and cost saving measures to better align and make use of our FTE requirements. • Organized and tracked IT tickets using the Vantive program tool• Worked with business managers to anticipate client needs and identify opportunities and new ideas.• Performed ongoing analysis of performance data and recommended both associate behavior as well as process level best practice recommendations based on the findings. Education Sault College Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Human Resources Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Algoma University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2001 Nipissing University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Process Improvement See 13 endorsements for Process Improvement 13 Process Improvement Shanth Hanchur and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 10 endorsements for Data Analysis 10 Data Analysis Luke Foley and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 6 endorsements for Analysis 6 Analysis Sherry Shepherd, MBA and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Agero, Inc. 11,015 followers Nipissing University 11,911 followers Pulse 1,535,168 followers Nipissing University 11,583 followers a2c IT Consulting 3,705 followers
More Actions Aron "Josha" has a account Aron "Josha" Russell Product Developer at Axiom EPM Axiom EPM Willamette University MBA Portland, Oregon 223 223 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Product Developer Company Name Axiom EPM Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Data Analyst Company Name Women's Healthcare Associates, LLC Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Jr. Planning Analyst Company Name Providence Health & Services Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Analyzing market data to drive strategic planning. Creating data tools for internal clients. GM Spec Writer & Data Analyst II Company Name Chrome Data Solutions Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Portland, OR Created and distributed tools using Microsoft Access to streamline entry and quality testing processes, resulting in more effective entry accurate data, companywide.Member of Data Policy and Team Synergy groups, focused on standardization of data entry, content and increasing efficiency in overall data operations.Acting as Content Liaison on behalf of General Motors, working with native Marketing team in order to implement specs into dealership facing ordering platform. PC Specialist Company Name Oregon State Legislature Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Salem, OR Monitored troubleshooting and repairs on behalf of IT team.Worked collaboratively with other specialist to establish best known methods for providing timely and positive customer service based on most frequently reported issues.Acknowledged for providing enthusiastic support to staff and positive personality. See more positions Education Willamette University MBA Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 University of Oregon - Charles H. Lundquist College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Access See 13 endorsements for Access 13 Access Sophia Brugato and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 10 Microsoft Excel Elizabeth Godfrey and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 9 endorsements for Analysis 9 Analysis Tye Trepanier and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Clodine Mallinckrodt Manager, Data Science & Analytics in CORE at Providence Health & Services November 27, 2013, Clodine managed Aron "Josha" directly Josha Russell is an eager and fast learner, a natural problem solver, and great team player. During his tenure on my team as an analyst, he dove into new software programs and developed proficiency remarkably quickly (in Maptitude, Tableau and SharePoint dev) as well as applied Excel techniques to help tame challenging data sets. He’s a good communicator - comfortable asking questions, requesting feedback and bringing up suggestions to improve efficiency. He appreciates a collaborative brainstorming approach to both planning and trouble-shooting work. Josha is responsible and reliable, always following through with all aspects of assignments and manages his time well. He executed meaningful, important projects with attention to detail, all while keeping an eye on the larger purpose. My colleagues and I enjoy his positive, upbeat personality and ability to get the job done. Clodine Mallinckrodt Manager, Data Science & Analytics in CORE at Providence Health & Services November 27, 2013, Aron "Josha" reported directly to Clodine My time working as an Analyst for Clodine Mallinckrodt at Providence Health & Services showed me that she exemplifies two key characteristics of a good manager: trust and vision. Clodine empowered me to get up to speed quickly, and enabled me to grow at my own pace. She trusted me to lead much of my own work, yet was always available to give feedback, discuss alternative approaches, and collaboratively brainstorm to come up with solutions to complex challenges. Most importantly, Clodine always has a vision. Whether that’s for a project, a new tool or process, or for sensitive communications, she always has practical ideas on how to implement. While Clodine provides a clear direction, she remains very open to amending it based on new findings, observations or suggestions from her team or colleagues, which allowed me to give input into shaping my own and others’ work. As a manager, she is always calm and approachable. Working for Clodine was truly a pleasure, her commitment to her team members and passion for strategy made my time at Providence a very positive one. Accomplishments Interests University of Oregon - Charles H. Lundquist College of Business 12,281 followers Daimler Trucks North America 32,270 followers University of Oregon 132,033 followers Intel Corporation 879,870 followers Axiom EPM 1,080 followers Pulse 1,535,168 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bruno has a account Bruno Vieira Modelling & Insight Analyst PSE - Produtos e Serviços de Estatística, Lda NOVA IMS Lisbon Area, Portugal 479 479 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I’m an Insight Analyst at PSE. It´s a challenging and client facing function.I’m developing a Propensity model and a Customer Segmentation using Machine Learning for a Retail Company.Also worked for a Telco Company, in Fraud, estimation of potential value, churn prediction and lifetime value and geo-referencing the competition.While working for NOVA IMS (Top Portuguese University), I developed Projects for different industries, such as Automotive (Customer Segmentation), Health (Geo-Clustering of lung cancer) and Banking (Credit Card prediction/propensity, Market Basket Analysis).I've worked in the banking industry since 2004 as account manager of small and medium companies. In 2012, I worked in a start-up, from Mozambique, as manager in Portugal. Fluent in Portuguese and English. Basics of Spanish and Danish.Data Analysis;Data Mining Projects;Analytics;SPSS Statistics;SPSS Modeler;SAS E-Miner;SAS Guide;SQL Server;ArcGIS;QGIS. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Bruno’s Activity 479 followers SORTEIO A 30 DE MAIO Partilhe esta informação e habilite-se a receber gratuitamente um Estudo de Sentimento dos seguidores da sua empresa no Facebook. Para este sorteio de um estudo, habilitar-se-ão todas as empresas a que pertencerem os atuais seguidores da página LinkedIn da PSE que partilharem esta informação e as empresas dos novos seguidores que se venham a inscrever até dia 30 de Maio de 2017. NÃO PERCA ESTA OPORTUNIDADE Saiba como a análise de dados pode ajudar a otimizar a presença da sua empresa nas redes sociais. Para saber mais informações sobre a PSE contacte-nos através do email spssinfo@pse.pt ou visite a nossa página www.pse.pt. Bruno shared this See all activity Experience Consultant Company Name PSE - Produtos e Serviços de Estatística, Lda Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Lisboa e Região, Portugal Develop analytics projects for different industries as newspaper distribution and telecommunications companies using SAS Guide and Miner, SPSS Statistics and Modeler, SQL, QGIS and ArcGIS:Retail: Propensity Model Behavioral SegmentationTelco: Fraud Detection Risk Management Customer Value EstimationCertification in SAS E-Miner.Certified IBM SPSS Modeler Specialist;Certified IBM SPSS Statistics Specialist; Consultant Company Name NOVA IMS Information Management School Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Lisbon Area, Portugal Develop analytics projects for different industries as Automotive, Health and Banking using Analytical Tools (SAS Miner, Guide, SQL and ArcGIS).Data Mining projectsSAS E-MinerSAS E-GuideAutomotive: Customer Segmentation/ProfilingBanking: Churn Prediction Credit Card PropensityPublic Health: Cluster Segmentation: Lung Cancer http://www.pneumoscopio.pt/ Supply Chain Manager Company Name ZM Comercial Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Lisbon and Maputo Purchasing (Portugal and Spain), payments and negotiation with suppliers and carriers. The core business is wholesale of top-quality cosmetics and home appliances. Account Manager Company Name Banco Santander Dates Employed 2008 – 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Lisbon Area, Portugal Orientation to small and medium companies; Credit proposals; Contracting; Credit Solutions; Develop relations with customers; Orientation for profitability and goals; Team leader; Training new employees; Account Manager Company Name Banco Popular Portugal Dates Employed 2004 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Torres Vedras, Portugal Orientation to small companies; Credit proposals; Contracting; Credit Solutions; Develop relations with customers; Education NOVA IMS Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Information Technology - knowledge Management and Business Intelligence Grade 17 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Post-Graduation/2014: Understanding of the key techniques and usability of the main tools of Business Intelligence (SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS and SSAS) and Data Mining (SAS Guide e SAS Enterprise Miner).Master Thesis delivery in 2015: Development of data mining model applied to the retail industry. IDEFE Degree Name Post-Graduation Field Of Study Financial Analysis Grade 13 Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 Technical and analytical reasoning of economics and corporate decisions. Instituto Superior de Economia e Gestão Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Economics Grade 13 Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2004 Activities and Societies: AIESEC Member (Association Internationale des Etudiants en Sciences Economiques et Commerciales) – Local Committe of ISEG, in 2000 and 2001. AIESEC - Event organization, new clients, recruiting and training new members; team leader; Learning the basics of economics e management decisions. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 14 endorsements for Data Mining 14 Data Mining Sandra Barão and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAS E-Miner See 11 endorsements for SAS E-Miner 11 SAS E-Miner Sandra Barão and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 9 endorsements for Databases 9 Databases Daniel Bassoli and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) André Melo Head of Analytics & Insight at GroupM, PhD Candidate March 18, 2015, André was Bruno’s teacher As a teacher of the Data Mining discipline for the Masters 2014-2015 in Nova IMS, I would like to personally highlight the very good work of Bruno in this discipline.Congratulations for finishing in the top of the class. Keep up the good work. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Bruno has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Interests MAG (Airports Group) 10,924 followers Accenture Nordics 6,778 followers The Recruitment Network 652,090 members Xpand Group 12,900 followers Dubai Recruitment 820,105 members Career in Copenhagen 2,475 members See all See all following
More Actions Patrick has a account Patrick Hawkins Senior HR Data Analyst at Bridgewater Associates Bridgewater Associates Community College of the US Air Force Weston, Connecticut 342 342 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Senior Business Intelligence professional with a broad range of skills and experience across multiple industries who has a passion for transforming data into knowledge and actionable information for my clients. 20+ years of experience bringing value to organizations by learning how their existing Information Systems or Business Processes work and then applying my analytical, technical and leadership skills to refactoring those systems so that they are better aligned with an organization's strategic goals and objectives.Help clients by connecting their information systems together so they can share data and create reports from multiple data sources to answer important questions about their business.MBTI Myers-Briggs Type Indicator: ISTJ Introversion, Sensing, Thinking, JudgingTDP Team Dimensions Profile 2.0: Refiner Tending toward Execution See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior HR Data Analyst Company Name Bridgewater Associates Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Westport, CT Converted from independent contractor to full-time employee on 4/27/2015. Independent Contractor / Senior HR Data Analyst Company Name Bridgewater Associates Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Westport, CT Applications Systems Architect Company Name Casey Family Services Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location New Haven, CT Facilitate IT solution sets that support system-wide clinical, operational and financial initiatives, safety goals and strategic goals. Assist in the customization and implementation of third party software applications that enhance and/or support the documentation of services. Design and implement data management strategies for field operations to transform data into actionable information for improving outcomes and to evaluate performance of staff/facilities and to ensure the quality, efficiency and effectiveness of services provided. Provide research and statistical modeling support particularly via development, integration, implementation, maintenance and improvement of automated information systems so that efficiency is maximized. Prepare executive reports and presentations which summarize clinical, operational, safety and financial trends and progress toward meeting goals. Media (3) This position has 3 media CIS Process-Map_SpecializedFosterCare CIS Process-Map_SpecializedFosterCare This media is a document CIS Process-Map_FosterFamily CIS Process-Map_FosterFamily This media is a document CIS Process-Map_Metamodel CIS Process-Map_Metamodel This media is a document Independent Contractor / Senior Software Architect Company Name Casey Family Services Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos As a consultant to Casey Family Services I maintained and enhanced their MS Access / SQL Server / Crystal Reports based Case Information System for Foster Children and Parents. I provided programming support to implement a back-log of system change requests and provided Architectural advice on changes to the application design to meet their objectives and regulatory requirements. More information about Casey Family Services can be found at www.CaseyFamilyServices.org Independent Contactor / Senior Programmer Analyst Company Name Diageo Dates Employed Nov 2002 – Jul 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos As a consultant to the Diageo’s North America IS Supply team I provided primary support and maintenance of 12 Legacy MS Access 97 applications with a SQL Server 2000 backend that managed the Logistics and Supply network for all Beer and Flavored Malt Beverage distribution throughout Diageo’s North American network. These applications were responsible for processing 2.5-3 million dollars of customer sales each day. With these programs I maintained data integration between Diageo’s ERP system and several external systems including; Manufacturing (JBA), Supply Planning (Manugistics), Customs Broker (DHL), Overseas Suppliers (Guinness, Red Stripe, Labatts, Moosehead), Web-based Customer Portals, and Financial System (Invoicing, Order Entry). When Diageo converted their ERP system for Beer and Flavored Malt Beverages to SAP. I was the lead developer responsible for extracting the customer and product catalog data from the legacy ERP system for for import into the new SAP system. See more positions Education Community College of the US Air Force Degree Name Associate Degree Field Of Study A.S. Management Information Systems. Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 35 endorsements for Business Intelligence 35 Business Intelligence Endorsed by 19 of Patrick’s colleagues at Casey Family Services Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 26 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 26 Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by 12 of Patrick’s colleagues at Casey Family Services Click and drag to reorder skills Access See 20 endorsements for Access 20 Access Diane Gjuraj and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Ann Sullivan Deputy Executive Director at Casey Family Services and Non-Profit Organization Management Consultant December 22, 2006, Patrick was senior to Ann but didn’t manage directly Patrick is an outstanding software architect. He has worked as an independent consultant to Casey Family Services for over two years. He was brought in to salvage an extremely poorly designed system. Without his assistance, we would have had to begin our design process all over,at high cost both in terms of money and staff morale. Patrick single-handedly salvaged the system and has built additional components to the system that are streamlined, effective, and very user friendly. In addition to being highly skilled technically, he brings excellent interpersonal skills to the work and relates equally well to both technical and non-technical staff. Jerry Ostrover Tour Guide at Walks of New York and Gray Line January 24, 2007, Jerry was a client of Patrick’s Patrick was hired to support the applications for one of the business units within Diageo. His technical skill and his creativity led me to retaining him for a variety of other projects over a period of several years. Patrick always has a well though out solution to any problem. His technical skills are varied and he is quick to learn anything new. He is very customer service oriented and was always highly regarded by the user community as providing quality systems in a timely fashion. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Patrick has 24 courses 24 Expand courses section Courses HarvardX: Advanced Statistics for the Life Sciences HarvardX: Introduction to Bioconductor HarvardX: Introduction to Linear Models and Matrix Algebra HarvardX: Statistics and R for the Life Sciences Johns Hopkins University: Getting and Cleaning Data Johns Hopkins University: R Programming Johns Hopkins University: The Data Scientist’s Toolbox MicroStrategy Administration: Application Management MicroStrategy Administration: Configuration and Security MicroStrategy Advanced Data Warehousing Patrick has 11 certifications 11 Expand certifications section Certifications Fundamentals of Visualization with Tableau PH525.4x: Introduction to Bioconductor Johns Hopkins University: Getting and Cleaning Data Johns Hopkins University: R Programming Johns Hopkins University: The Data Scientist’s Toolbox MicroStrategy Certified Document Developer v9.2.1 MicroStrategy Certified Project Designer v9.2.1 MicroStrategy Certified Report Developer v9.2.1 PH525.1x Statistics and R for the Life Sciences PH525.2x: Introduction to Linear Models and Matrix Algebra Interests Joichi ItoJoichi Ito is a LinkedIn Influencer Director, MIT Media Lab 250,128 followers Oracle | Datalogix 7,149 followers HR Analyst Network 4,953 members Big Data 5,065,096 followers MicroStrategy Business Intelligence 33,284 members LeanKit 3,044 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sheila has a account Sheila Duong Data Analyst, Business Analytics & Research NBCUniversal, Inc. California State University-Fullerton Greater Los Angeles Area 261 261 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst, Business Analytics & Research Company Name NBCUniversal, Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Project/Program Analyst Company Name Southern California Edison (SCE) Dates Employed May 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Irwindale, CA Marketing Analyst Company Name OneWest Bank Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Pasadena, CA Online Marketing Intern Company Name mUrgent Dates Employed May 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Santa Ana, CA Education California State University-Fullerton Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements MySQL MySQL No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 3 endorsements for Analytics 3 Analytics Tyler Le and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 16 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 16 Microsoft Excel Crisselle Cortes and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sheila has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Chinese - Cantonese Interests Pinterest 128,972 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,854,395 followers Pulse 1,535,169 followers Google 4,871,360 followers Microsoft 3,687,205 followers NBCUniversal Media, LLC 340,397 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lisa has a account Lisa Smith Reporting Data Analyst JPMorgan Chase & Co. Franklin University Columbus, Ohio Area 132 132 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I have over 15 years experience in the print/publishing industry, including scholarly publishing. This includes experience in account/production management in the scholarly publishing field as both the vendor and the client, giving me knowledge and insight to both points of view in a production management scenario.I have W2 and freelance experience managing, developing, and researching content for web sites. This was accomplished utilizing many types of software including a variety of database programs, desktop publishing software, graphics software and web development software on different operating systems, including UNIX.My database experience includes 5+ years utilizing the circulation management system, as well as MS Access and Excel, to analyze and report on single copy draw data for both the Dispatch and other products. Managing the subscriber db for alternate products including automatic uploads, creating files for automating daily draw transactions based on data from a variety of sources. As the Database Analyst for the 2011 Chase Branch Refresh Project, I worked with the former DB Analyst to re-work their proprietary MSAccess database for this project. This included updating the forms, reports, queries, and VBA programming for the new project. I generated daily reports as well as ad hoc reports; and maintained version control of the database as needed.My technical writing experience includes the following -- at the Columbus Dispatch I wrote and maintained the user manual for Alternate Product Transaction Processing; Single Copy Draw Change Procedures; and the Alternate Product Exception Reporting SOP. At Insight Enterprises, Inc. I updated the ComTrak User/Managers Manuals; and created the ComTrak How-To instruction manual. I have also created a variety of training documents for a variety of groups during my career. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Reporting Analyst Company Name JPMorgan Chase & Co. Dates Employed May 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 11 mos Reporting Data Analyst Company Name Verizon Wireless Dates Employed May 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Hilliard, Ohio Responsible for running daily reports to support the Revenue Assurance Error Handling Senior Analysts. Also responsible for querying and validating data in the proprietary systems peyote to recycling or purging non -billable records. Business Data Analyst Company Name Nationwide Bank (via Tailored Management) Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Part-time report delivery. Business Reporting Analyst Company Name JPMorgan Chase (via Modis) Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area QC Reporting Analyst Company Name JPMorgan Chase (via Collabera) Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Responsibilities included daily refresh of data sources utilizing current tool sets. Manual detailed updates to quality database tables using provided data sets. Creating and delivering current state daily, weekly and monthly reporting using Access and Excel. Ensuring services are delivered timely, accurately and completely. Redesign of queries and quality database tables to accommodate newly designed data sets to be used for creation and delivery of daily, weekly and monthly reports. See more positions Education Franklin University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Graduated with honors. University of Maryland College Park Featured Skills & Endorsements Visio See 9 endorsements for Visio 9 Visio Pearlina Kazee and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Programming See 8 endorsements for Programming 8 Programming David Pagan and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 5 endorsements for Databases 5 Databases Genevieve Giammo BSN RN and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Franklin University 41,058 followers University of Maryland College Park 292,795 followers Verizon Wireless 231,624 followers Franklin University 42,412 followers DigitalFWD 13,865 members Chase 120,431 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kelsey has a account Kelsey Henan Business Analyst at Microsoft Microsoft Seattle University Seattle, Washington 199 199 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Business Analyst Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Redmond, WA World Wide Incentive Compensation Data Analyst Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Redmond, WA World Wide Incentive Compensation• Team with IC Analysts to provide ad-hoc and scalable reporting to illustrate seller and segment performance across Microsoft.• Working to model changes to incentive compensation plans and provide analytics in a clear and concise view to stakeholders, including executive leadership. • Facilitating transparency into the quota setting process. Accountable for participant MasterList for FY16 quota setting; leveraging data from multiple sources to build a dynamic report while collaborating cross team for requirements gathering and business problem assessment. • Developed cost modeling report based on Halo quota principles; providing insight to roles with potential to reduce costs, aligning with WWIC revenue goals. Data Analyst Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Xbox Live• Adopter of technology stack SQL 2012 and PowerView with SharePoint 2010 to manage http://CertBI, effectively providing instrumentation for business requests. Responsible for server management and optimization by researching software compatibility and supervising server migration.• Shipped and pioneered Xbox One content ingestion reporting capabilities. Unified data sources to provide accurate end to end submission tracking of Certification process following the Xbox One launch. • Strong emphasis on data quality for reporting, especially while reconciling Xbox One to the robust data standards of Xbox 360. • Accountable for the evolution of Xbox Live Dashboards and ensuring metrics consistently enable teams to take action.• Drove adoption of CertBI data by introducing Push vs Pull. Adopted smart alert technology and enhanced transparency of business metrics and TFS work items. Established a cadence for communication that enables Cert business owners to monitor assignments within the team. Catalog Specialist Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr • Recommended metrics to evaluate the volume and impact of catalog defects. Provided the mechanisms to isolate the defects that will yield the higher Return on Investment once fixed. • Designed SQL queries to identify areas of opportunity for Amazon to share best practices with Sellers and Support teams.• Summarized and analyzed monthly relevance audit results to determine effectiveness of Products Ads.• Facilitated collaboration between merchants and Amazon system owners; in doing so, enabling the successful roll out of a brand new category; this being Contact Lenses. Product Specialist Company Name Allied Trade Group, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos • Responsible for maintaining clear, accurate and comprehensive content for our ecommerce site. Analyzed data feeds from manufacturers, formatted spreadsheets and leveraged SQL Server technology to ensure a high degree of information quality. • Collaborated with manufacturers to resolve data integrity issues; partnered with the sales team and developers to merchandise and create a seamless online shopping experience. • Investigated returns and other concerns from manufacturers in order to reduce our defect variance and drive towards greater Customer Satisfaction. See more positions Education Seattle University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Omicron Delta Epsilon - Economic Honors Society; NCAA Division I and Division II Swimming (4 years); Volunteer tutor for Children's Literacy Project Universidad Internacional de Menendez y Pelayo Field Of Study Study Abroad, Spanish Language, Culture and Literature - Santander, Spain Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Studied Spanish language and culture; Participated in an English second language program for Spanish students; Lived with a wonderful host family; Traveled around northern Spain Featured Skills & Endorsements Search Advertising See 3 endorsements for Search Advertising 3 Search Advertising Levan Thomas and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills MS Excel Pivot Tables See 2 endorsements for MS Excel Pivot Tables 2 MS Excel Pivot Tables Levan Thomas and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 2 endorsements for Big Data 2 Big Data Levan Thomas and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Deana Jirak Senior UX Designer, Human Centered Design (Amazon Operations) at Amazon July 11, 2013, Deana was senior to Kelsey but didn’t manage directly I worked with Kelsey for a year at Amazon and she was a great team player who was willing to go the extra mile to get tasks accomplished, as well as a pleasure to work with. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Microsoft Office 54,334 followers Epic 98,066 followers Students & Alumni of Albers School of Business and Economics 3,001 members Amazon 2,206,125 followers Microsoft Business Intelligence 139,782 members Virginia Mason Medical Center 17,295 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amy has a account Amy Wooten Senior Data Analyst, Clinical Data Management at HCA HCA Austin Peay State University Greater Nashville Area, TN 363 363 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Motivated Data Analyst with 11 years of experience and a strong background in the healthcare industry.Specialties: database administration,Teradata, SQL Server, management, Microsoft Office Suite including Access, R studio, Tableau, policy analysis, process engineering, progress, project management, reports, strategic marketing, time management, upgrades. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst, Clinical Services Group Company Name HCA Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Nashville, TN Design and implementation of Data Quality Management (DQM) analytical processes from the clinical data warehouse. Utilizing outcomes from DQM strategy to launch Data Governance models and remediation throughout the organization. Provide business intelligence support for usage analysis, ad hoc reporting, report configuration, and report distribution.Promoted from Data Analyst II in April 2016. Data Analyst, Health Information Management Company Name Parallon Business Solutions Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Franklin, TN Utilized established methods as well as devised new mechanisms for data collection and interpretation methods, analytical methodologies, and identified further analysis where necessary. Prepared accurate and timely reports of data analysis in support of ad-hoc and standing requests for monitoring and benchmarking of coding and HIM operational performance. Streamlined processes and reduced the amount of time necessary to select Benchmark and Focus coding quality quarterly reviews by 80%. Project Management of Coding Quality web-based tool including design, implementation, and standardized reporting. Product & Reporting Analyst Company Name Windsor Health Plan Dates Employed Jun 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Frankling, TN Responsible for gathering and analyzing enrollment, eligibility, and sales/marketing data.Managed regular and ad hoc analysis and reports.Reconciled Medicare plan bid payment files monthly. Collaborated with functional departments to assist with projects, by providing analytical and statistical data. Manager, Data Reconciliation Company Name Windsor Health Plan Dates Employed Dec 2005 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location Franklin, TN Reconciled CMS data files on a weekly and monthly basis. Monitored Data Integrity for eligibility issues between internal systems. Managed scheduled and ad-hoc reports on eligibility data. Ensured that all Compliance points were met in regards to Enrollment and eligibility which included assisting in preparation of department policies and procedures.Developed technical specs to improve the process of fulfillment for eligibility related correspondence.Managed a team of employees with responsibilities ranging from coordination of benefits, enrollment clerks, and reconciliation specialists. Departmental Project Management of software implementations and upgrades, as well as merger of eligibility and financial reconciliation data. Education Austin Peay State University Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Computer Science and Quantitative Methods Dates attended or expected graduation 2018 Currently enrolled, anticipated graduation date of 2018 East Tennessee State University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Biology Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 4 endorsements for Management 4 Management Jason Buchanan and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Healthcare See 4 endorsements for Healthcare 4 Healthcare Cory Holder and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 1 endorsement for Analysis 1 Analysis Chris Cate has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Clayton C. Jeffords CEO Piedmont Health Partners | AVP Clinical Integration, AnMed Health November 5, 2012, Amy was a client of Clayton C.’s Michael Brock Self Improvement Geek - Technology and Security Evangelist {LION} April 3, 2012, Amy was a client of Michael’s Upon receipt of my request, Michael contacted me immediately to set up an appointment for consultation. He arrived promptly and was well informed. Michael was very thorough and listened to my needs and applied them to the specifics of my home and situation. He provided all of the information necessary for me to make a decision and made sure to follow up that all of my requests were met. I would highly recommend working with Michael. Accomplishments Interests East Tennessee State University 43,744 followers Pulse 1,535,170 followers East Tennessee State University Alumni 5,298 members Austin Peay State University 28,781 followers Alpha Delta Pi Sorority 16,261 followers Parallon 23,367 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sukhada has a account Sukhada Kulkarni Senior Data Analyst at Capital One Capital One University of Arizona, Eller College of Management New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Areas of expertise: Data Analysis, Business Intelligence and DatabasesTools and Technologies:- Databases: Teradata, Oracle SQL, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL- Business Intelligence & Reporting: Tableau, MS SSRS- Data Mining & Visualization: Weka, RapidMiner, Google Analytics, Excel- Programming Languages: SQL, TSQL, PLSQL, R programming, Python See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Sukhada’s Activity 1,250 followers As hours of work, conference calls, business trips (and Marriott points) pile up, I cannot stop thinking about how lucky I am to have such a supportive wife. When people remark "it must be nice" when I refer to wife staying at home, I often reply that it is a luxury for my career and my ability to focus on my responsibilities at work. Make sure you thank the people (mentors, managers, colleagues and significant others) who make your career possible. Sukhada liked See all activity Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location New York, NY § Financial Statement Spreading Automation: - Identified inefficiencies in the workflow for a financial process and recommended a data-driven web solution- Developing database and web integrated Tableau dashboards for the new system- Developing a model to automatically identify elements that would need manual quality checks§ Risk Model for Loans:- Developed a model in Python to forecast degree by which charge-off rates for commercial loans would increase- Used the model to develop client scoring engine based on loan portfolios- Developed a platform to automate recurring data load process in Python using Teradata module§ Field Sales Project:- Built the backend data infrastructure for Salesforce based tool for a Field Marketing initiative- Identified highly profitable customers with profit forecasts for five years using complex mathematical computations- Constructed Fuzzy logic in Python to accurately match transaction data to merchant data§ Business Watch Project:- Built data infrastructure for a digital tool that provides insights into customer and their competitors’ spend behavior- Processed trillions of records of transaction data to identify customer profile and their purchase behavior- Derived customer’s top competition and visualized performance comparison with the competitors Business Intelligence Analyst Intern Company Name Community Partners Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Arizona • Defined and developed Business Intelligence solution to monitor the processing of healthcare claims • Translated business requirements into star schemas using dimensional modeling and formulated related SQL queries • Developed reports in SSRS by formulating stored procedures to drive decisions for optimizing business operations • Automated report delivery to replace existing suboptimal SQL jobs and reduced report generation time by 91% • Processed data from disparate sources using partial-match method to reduce the data issues while coding ETL maps Technical Engineer Company Name Microsoft (R&D) Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Bangalore, India • Deployed solutions to provide efficient infrastructure monitoring using System Center Operations Manager (SCOM) • Resolved SCOM data warehousing issues related to aggregation, synchronization, collection, loading and DW performance• Improved risk forecasting for several IT environments by generating reports using SQL stored procedures• Handled critical issues as an escalation resource by optimizing Microsoft technologies to cater specific requirements• Conducted workshops on SCOM data warehousing, best practices for large deployments and SCOM recovery strategies Education University of Arizona, Eller College of Management Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Management Information Systems Grade 3.71/4.00 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 University of Mumbai Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Electronics and Telecommunications Grade GPA: 3.84/4.00 Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Volunteer Experience Mentor: For refugee children Company Name Amani International School Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Jun 2014 Volunteer duration 6 mos Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 25 endorsements for Data Analysis 25 Data Analysis Endorsed by Yashwanth Tekena and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Sukhada’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 82 endorsements for SQL 82 SQL Endorsed by Yashwanth Tekena and 30 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Sukhada’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 71 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 71 Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by Nickil Somanna and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sukhada’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Cathy Karson Chief Business Technology Systems December 31, 2014, Cathy managed Sukhada directly Sukhada worked for me as a student intern for 8 months. She produced valuable reports and drill down analytics from our Business Intelligence environment. She is skilled in SQL and asks the correct questions related to data and its meaning. She is a quick learner, possesses critical thinking skills, self-directed, proactively seeks feedback on her work and completes assigned work in a timely manner. Sukhada works well in a team situation and will be an asset for any company. Kunal Shah Sr Manager - Customer & Employee Experience, Digital Marketing September 15, 2014, Kunal managed Sukhada directly Sukhada joined my team as a college hire. As a Support Engg. Manager, I had an occasion to be in association with her and have closely seen her abilities and progress.Sukhada is a quick learner and a detail-oriented person. She used to proactively seek for feedback and worked hard on those. As a result, she had shown exceptional progress in a short interval of time. I have seen her effectively handling complex issues which were politically and technically challenging. As a result, I had received many unsolicited feedback from the clients appreciating her efforts and professionalism.At the same time, she had also emerged as a strong team player and was perfectly aligned with the team’s objectives. I am sure she will excel in her career and I wish her luck. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Vanitha Venkatanarayanan Business Intelligence Developer at MGM Resorts International February 9, 2016, Sukhada and Vanitha were students together Vanitha and I have worked together on several projects at our Graduate School. She is one of the smartest and most enthusiastic people I have worked with. She has an inquisitive bent of mind, good reasoning skills and is highly analytical in her thinking.I remember how her dedication to work and attention to detail helped us excel in our Data Mining project . To add to it, Vanitha has a charming personality and is a lot of fun to work with.She shares an excellent rapport with her peers/colleagues and is a great team player. I would strongly recommend her and know that she will be a great asset to any team. Accomplishments Sukhada has 14 courses 14 Expand courses section Courses Big Data Analytics Business Communications Business Data Communication & Network Business Foundations for IT Data Mining for Business Intelligence Enterprise Data Management Financial Accounting Information System Analysis & Design Market-Based Management Project Execution and Presentation Sukhada has 7 projects 7 Expand projects section Projects Big Data Analytics Project | Role: Big Data Analyst Web Analytics Project | UA Alumni Website | Role: Web Data Analyst Data Mining Project | Expedia.com | Role: Data Analyst Web Mining Project | Role: Data Analyst and UI Developer Data Visualization Project | Role: Data Engineer and Team Lead Cyber Security Analytics Project | Role: Data Analyst Database Management Project | Client: Injected Media | Role: Database Engineer and Team Lead Sukhada has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Marathi Sukhada has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Oracle Database SQL Certified Expert (Exam Number: 1Z0-047) Sukhada has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication “High Speed 14 bit Pipelined ADC with small power footprint” Interests Big Data, Analytics, Business Intelligence & Visualization Experts Community 232,433 members ADP 390,614 followers Bank of America 793,040 followers Tableau Software 201,780 followers Analytics8 5,547 followers Entry Level Data Scientists 4,168 members See all See all following
More Actions David B. has a account David B. Walk GIS Data Analyst ■ Programmer ■ Engineer Trico Electric Cooperative Bowling Green State University Tucson, Arizona 118 118 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent GIS Data Analyst • Programmer • Engineer My passion has always been automation. As a GIS professional with more than 10 years experience, I am always seeking new solutions to automate GIS processes. Whether it be a simple tool to return a desired output, or a full blown process that launches automatically at a prescribed time, performs a complex analysis, then send results to specified destinations. Currently, I am working as a GIS Data Analyst for the City of Tucson, supporting a 140,000 customer refuse/recycle operation in the Environmental Services Department. My concentration is in Business Intelligence (BI), query, map, and report automation, development of custom GIS/BI tools, Automatic Vehicle Location (AVL) tracking and route analysis. Most recently, I've implemented web solutions for data collection and reporting tools to allow field personnel to use their mobile devices for collecting data and executing work orders. My involvement in GIS started, when I was working as a Radio Frequency Systems Engineer, providing radio coverage for mobile data networks. I was introduced to the power of GIS technology when I implemented spatial modeling into the design process. This process of RF propagation analysis allowed me to not only better forecast radio coverage of a proposed wireless network, but also communicate this to the customer using visual media.Skills• Geographic Information Systems (GIS)• Python/VB Programming• ESRI ArcGIS• Computer Simulation and Modeling• Automation• Web MappingEducationBSET Bowling Green State University 1993 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Communication Journeyman Company Name Trico Electric Cooperative Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Marana, Az GIS Data Analyst (Analyst/Programmer) Company Name City of Tucson Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Tucson, Az • Provided GIS and business intelligence solutions for a 140,000 customer refuse/recycle operation. • Developed numerous custom tools in Python, VB, and ESRI Modelbuilder to support daily enterprise business operation. • Automated daily generation of route map books and exception reports providing up-to-date route status information.• Integrated non-spatial data from customer billing database (AS400) with geospatial database (SDE) adding a geospatial component to the data.• Developed custom queries of AS400 dB2 database, developed interactive query interfaces for use by non-SQL users, developed applications to query billing dB and send custom reports. • Implemented mobile device apps for data collection. By referencing data to high quality web maps, was able to use low precision mobile devices to provide high precision data. • Integrated AVL tracking data with GIS for enhanced route analysis.• Implemented address validation and conversion using geocoding APIs, including Google Maps/Google Earth, Bing, Open Street Map, Map Quest, and USPS. Engineering Associate (Water Infrastructure Planning | GIS Analysis) Company Name City of Tucson, Water Department Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location Tucson, AZ • Provided planning and engineering services for 230,000 customer/4500 mile water distribution network.• Performed hydraulic modeling and analysis, evaluated water distribution networks for reliable and efficient operation, provided age/failure analysis and CIP prioritization.• Developed and implemented GIS solutions for water resource engineering.• Implemented GIS analysis to estimate the probability of water main failures and aid capital improvement project prioritization.• Developed custom valve tracing tool that mapped to nearest valves that could be closed in order to isolate a broken main. • Automated committed water system demand analysis using GIS. • Developed custom analysis and reporting tools to produce work order summaries and water system component inventories.• Reviewed plans and drawings for compliance with codes, regulations and specifications, verified data and calculations, identified and resolved conflicts. Electronic Communication Technician (Radio Systems | Fiber Optics | Networking) Company Name City Of Tucson, General Services Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Nov 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Tucson, AZ • Maintained Public Safety Communications Systems Infrastructures. Repaired, maintained and certified public safely communication systems for the City of Tucson, including radio communications repeaters, fiber optics, networks, microwave, and Fleet AVL, • Documented and maintained map data for City of Tucson's Metro fiber optics network.• Coordinated "Bluestake" activities including pre-screening and utility locating. Principal Radio Frequency Systems Engineer (RF Systems Design | Propagation Modeling and Analysis) Company Name Modular Mining Systems, Inc. Dates Employed May 2002 – Mar 2003 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Tucson, AZ • Performed RF propagation modeling and analysis in the design of mobile data networks. Designed/evaluated radio communication infrastructures for proprietary real-time database management system, Evaluated RF networks for reliable/efficient operation.• Developed policies and standards for RF propagation analysis, including drive tests, mapping, reporting and presentation formats.• Developed specifications/policies for radio systems integration and site development. See more positions Education Bowling Green State University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Electronics Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Electronic Communications and Automated Process Controls Community College of the Air Force Degree Name Associate's Degree Field Of Study Avionic Systems Technology Pima Community College Degree Name Professional Certificate Field Of Study Computer Archeo Cartography 2004 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements ArcGIS See 11 endorsements for ArcGIS 11 ArcGIS Patrick Tompkins and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 4 endorsements for Python 4 Python Jessica Hynd and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Automated Mapping See 2 endorsements for Automated Mapping 2 Automated Mapping Lawrence C. and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David B. has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses ANSI SQL ArcGIS Desktop Bentley WaterGems C DeciBel Planner Java MS Project VB.Net David B. has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications National Association of Radio and Telecommunication Engineers Ham Radio - Advanced Class Operators License David B. has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Interests Solid Waste Association of North America (SWANA) 15,580 members Field Technologies Online 1,959 members GIS Solutions for Local Government 5,589 members Pima Community College 33,053 followers Trico Electric Cooperative 527 followers Pulse 1,535,171 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ginny has a account Ginny King Data Analyst & Developer at Ascend HiT ASCEND HiT Horizons Greater Milwaukee Area 95 95 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent With over 15 years of programming experience specializing in ETL, process automation & staff productivity enhancements through the use of custom created tools, reporting & data consolidation.I am not currently seeking a position with another company. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst / Developer Company Name ASCEND HiT Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Northbrook, Illinois Working as part of a software development team to design and implement advanced healthcare data analytics functionality – including Creating SSRS reportsCreating SQL queries and stored proceduresOptimizing query performancePreparing report specifications based on customer or functional requirementsProviding training and support related to SSRS reportsParticipating in all phases of an Agile development process, including preparation of technical specifications, creation of design mockups/prototypes, and active participation in design, code, and test reviews. Senior Analysis & Consulting ITAM Data & Reporting Analyst Company Name BMO Harris Bank via KForce Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location West Allis, Wisconsin Data analysis & Clean Up: In-depth analysis of data and creation of automated processes to maintain quality and accuracy of data from source systems (SQL, Oracle, text & user excel files).SQL Report Writer using SQL 2005 & 2008 servers with Excel 2010 as the report output. Junior SQL Server DBA Company Name BMO Harris Bank via KForce Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location West Allis, Wisconsin Responsible for day-to-day internal processes & support and monitoring of said processes (Job Monitoring & Job Failure Resolution). Managed sever user permissions and facilitated the Change Management process to get new deliverables implemented to UAT and Production. Additionally, worked on side projects as determined by management to assist with audit asks and requirements. Application Developer, Report Writer & DBA Company Name JPMorgan Chase Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location Milwaukee, WI Tapped to fill this position as the sole developer, report writer and DBA, responsible for the design, creation and maintenance of several databases and front-end applications which automated data pulls from several source systems and updated internal tables relating to project management.Created new reports as well as recreated and redesigned existing reports to establish a standardized department "brand". Automated the daily refresh, dissemination and posting of each report saving team members hours in this one "all-manual department. Apprentice - Data Modeler Company Name JPMorgan Chase Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Milwaukee, WI While continuing my role as DBA, Application Developer and Report Writer, was trained by second generation modeler in the art of creating Logical and Physical data models and the use of Erwin software. See more positions Education Horizons Degree Name MSP Certifications Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 7/2002 - MSP: Programming a Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Database12/2002 - MSP: Mastering Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0 Fundamentals5/2003 - MSP: Mastering Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0 Development4/2004 - MSP: Developing Microsoft ASP .Net Web Applications Using Visual Studio .NET University of Wisconsin-Superior Field Of Study Sociology, Psychology, Art Therapy & Vocal Jazz Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1996 21 credit semesters for 2.5 years. GPA: 3.9;Member Chancellor's Honor Society - all years Featured Skills & Endorsements Databases See 14 endorsements for Databases 14 Databases Endorsed by Mark Swindell, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ginny’s colleagues at BMO Harris Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 13 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 13 Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by Mark Swindell, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ginny’s colleagues at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Oracle See 12 endorsements for Oracle 12 Oracle Mark Swindell and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Ben Hurst Assistant Vice President - Sr. Recruiter - Robert Half Technology - 414-271-9670 June 24, 2015, Ginny was a client of Ben’s If you're looking for a great job, go with Robert Half. If you're looking for the perfect fit - go with Ben Hurst. Accomplishments Ginny has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Department Employee of the Month Department Employee of the Month Department Employee of the Month Department Employee of the Month Site Employee of the Month Interests Pulse 1,535,171 followers BMO Financial Group 118,210 followers University of Wisconsin-Superior 11,120 followers University of Wisconsin-Superior 9,655 followers J.P. Morgan 821,679 followers ASCEND HIT 152 followers
More Actions Nidhi has a account Nidhi Agrawal Data Analyst | Business Analyst | Data Analytics | Datawarehouse | Database(Oracle, Netezza,Teradata, Sybase , Hadoop) Standard Chartered Bank Rajiv Gandhi Technical University Singapore 446 446 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Passionate about the field of Data Science / Data Analytics / Data Analysis / Data Insights.Currently, Senior Data Analyst at Standard Chartered Bank , SingaporeAn expert in Big Data and analytics, and a successful executive who has worked with Fortune 500 companies such as Mastercard , ING Bank , Swiss Re , Credit Suisse , British Telecom , Standard Chartered Bank and many more.A sought-after analyst on Data science, Big Data , performance-based analytics, Trend Analysis , Dashboards development and analysis , Data Mining , Reporting Solutions , Data Strategies , Data Orientation , internet of things (IOT) and much more.Also a Database professional having wide experience in various Database/Data warehouse technologies/Database Coding and Data Analytics using technologies like Micro-strategy , Tableau , Paxata , Python and SAS.Specialities/Interests : * Data Science , Data Analysis , Data Mining and Data Analytics.* Database coding and performance tuning ( Oracle , Netezza , Sybase , Teradata).* Big Data* ETL Technologies* Application development life cycle management with full understanding of SDLC.* Project Management and Team lead.Domain : Telecom , Banking (Wholesale Banking and Investment Banking) , Finance , E-Commerce and Payments Industry See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Nidhi’s Activity 499 followers A woman employee --- For some if she is at a marriageable age ,can’t be focussed because she is planning to get married, if just married must be going to have her first child, if she has a first child ,there must be a second one coming and if she is pregnant ,then definitely cant perform . If middle aged , must be slowing down , if tired because of long day ,she cant do it . If she speaks her mind , then too bold .If aggressive ,doesnt have team management skills, if refuses to have the so called manly talks or be part of it , then definitely doesn't have it in her and most of all if she fails in her job , then she should have stuck to being a houswife or got married to a nice guy . Wonder how many of us have lived through this and more and have broken down every single stigma bit by bit and are successful and proved these biases wrong . Nidhi liked Get yourself registered for IBM’s Inaugural Cognitive IoT Build Hackathon in Pune and Bangalore India Nidhi liked Today I taught a young lady how to program circuits to do cool things. Technology is neat! 😊 I hope I can inspire her to be a future engineer. #mastercardemployee #coderdojo Nidhi liked Wanted to thank all the people at MasterCard Start Path for looking after us the last couple of days. There's been plenty to meaningful connections made whilst learning about the awesome innovations coming out of the program. Looking forward to the London event! Ian O'Sullivan , Jack Zhang , Jonathan Anastasia Mohit Chhatrapati Amy Neale Nidhi liked See all activity Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name Standard Chartered Bank Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Singapore Data Analyst/Scientist for Conduct Metrics Senior Data Analyst Company Name MasterCard Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Singapore Data Analytics Reporting for Advance Data Solutions Senior Business Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Singapore Business Analyst for UK Reulatoy Reporting Solution Senior Software Engineer Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India Database Developer for EIT team Software Engineer Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed May 2007 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India Database Developer for Asset Allocation Technology team. See more positions Education Rajiv Gandhi Technical University Degree Name Engineer’s Degree Field Of Study Computer Science Grade College Topper Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Paper Presentation Seminar, Class CR B.E. (CSE) - Passed with 75.6% First class distinction. St Mary's Convent School Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1999 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Beyond Social Services Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Jul 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Volunteer Day with children from Beyond Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements PL/SQL See 18 endorsements for PL/SQL 18 PL/SQL Endorsed by 3 of Nidhi’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Unix See 15 endorsements for Unix 15 Unix Endorsed by Surabhi Naveen, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Nidhi’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Unix Shell Scripting See 8 endorsements for Unix Shell Scripting 8 Unix Shell Scripting Surabhi Naveen and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (5) Arbab Khan Development Manager at Barclays April 2, 2013, Nidhi worked with Arbab in the same group I have been working with Nidhi for the last 2 years at Credit SuisseNidhi has been handling the UK regulatory reporting quite impressivelyNidhi is a take-charge person who is able to present creative ideas and communicate the benefits. She has successfully coordinated several project deliveries for this projectThough she is an asset to our development team, Nidhi is also extraordinarily helpful in other areas of the company. In addition to organizing team events and contributing to blood donation drives, Nidhi has been a key member in other social activities of the organizationI highly recommend Nidhi. She is a team player and would make a great asset to any organization. Sayantan Tarafdar Group Leader / Delivery Manager at Tata Consultancy Services (Product Division) February 23, 2010, Sayantan managed Nidhi directly Nidhi was instrumental for the setup of a strategic project during the tenure she worked with me. Her focus on details and learning has helped immensely to execute the engagement in challenging circumstances. She was one of the key player to setup the team and able to drive customer requirements. Arbab Khan Development Manager at Barclays July 16, 2013, Nidhi worked with Arbab in different groups Arbab is a dedicated person with strong technical skills and takes any given task to completion without any follow-up and on whom you can rely on. He has good communication skills ,technical expertise coupled with positive work attitude and always eager to learn something new.While working with him in CS , he was working for the BMR team and very efficiently improved the performance and scope of the same.Always pleasure to work with him... Sascha Derungs Vice President, Digital Private Bank (DPB) Client Channel IT Program Manager July 10, 2013, Nidhi reported directly to Sascha I have worked with Sascha in Credit Suisse and had to say that he is a school of management with many innovative yet strategic ideas on his pocket, he is an extremely matured and maverick planner who plans the things from cradle to grave. He is truly a people's manager who believes on sharing the good feats with his subordinate whereas absorbs the shock waves when it comes to intrude his team, he indeed proved that behind a successful man there are always other able men by cultivating the leaders under him. Pleasure is all mine if I work with him again who taught me "Too far east is west" - never mix the words if you need to speak your mind. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Nidhi has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Micro-strategy Jump Start Training Heart Award Certified Hadoop Analyst Green Belt Six Sigma Certification Microsoft certification (Course 10778) – Implementing Data Models and Reports with Microsoft SQL server 2012 “On the Spot” recognition award Nidhi has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Nidhi has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Hadoop Analyst Interests Honeywell Process Solutions 138,556 followers Worldpay 59,130 followers Tata Consultancy Services 1,328,175 followers Cognizant 1,095,353 followers Bank of America Merrill Lynch 92,883 followers ITSM (ITIL) Professionals 141,098 members See all See all following
More Actions Sudeep has a account Sudeep Singhal Data_Analyst;Data_Modeler;Data Architect Huntington National Bank Visvesvaraya Technological University, Regional Office, Bangalore Columbus, Ohio Area 250 250 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Masters in Computer Applications having 13 years of Experience in IT industry (Banking Domain).• 3 Years of working Experience as BA (Business Analyst), Data Analyst in Data ware Housing projects.• 6 Years of working Experience as Data Modeler. 3 Years in OLAP system and 2 Years in OLTP system. • Exposure in overall SDLC including Requirement Gathering, Development, Testing, Debugging, Deployment, Documentation, Production Support.• 7 Years of Hands on Experience in Oracle/SQL/DB2 Development projects.• Extensive Experience in SQL Optimization. • Professional Experience in designing and developing client side applications using Power Builder 6.5, 7.0, 9.0. 2 and BankPro. • Experience in Managing team of 8-11 people.• Strong in design and implementation of business application development in Banking and Financial Services• Quick Learner. • Strong Analytical Skills.• Self-learning attitude.• Good communication and interpersonal skills See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience IS Technical Specialist Company Name Huntington National Bank Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area I am responsible for supporting data architecture for regulatory compliance projects, including the design and development of data solutions to define, organize and deploy complex programs needed to ensure data quality, proper data integration and delivery of data architecture solutions. Apply knowledge of data architecture and data management practices to business and information management solutions in the areas of Master data management, data quality, integration, modeling and governance. Serving as data management subject matter expert in the design and development of enterprise solutions and data modeling. Creating physical data models using ERWIN. Performing data staging and development using ETL technologies and build database structures using DB2. Monitoring project activities of offshore development team, creating detailed architectural design documentation based on requirements as defined by business analysts. Presenting designs in technical review sessions and provide technical and consultative suppport on complex architectural matters. Documenting and maintaining the inventory of data architecture stores used at the bank to identify owner and purpose of stores. Consultant - Data Modeler / Data Analyst Company Name Mastech Digital Dates Employed May 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Involved in the design and creation of data warehouse projects, master data management, data quality and data integration solutions to improve the health of critical business data. Ensuring end to end data quality and consistency in every project, helping establishing data management policies and standards to make data as asset of the company. Documenting and maintaining the inventory of data stores used at the company to provide knowledge and purpose of the data sources.I was responsible for creating designs of data ware house projects and handed over to development team for next phase. Data Modeler/Data Analyst Company Name Cognizant Dates Employed Aug 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Worked as Data Modeler/Business Analyst/Data Analyst in Data Ware Housing projects.I was responsible for helping design and develop data architecture, enterprise data warehouses and regulatory solutions for customers in the banking and financial services industries. My project life cycle duties including conducting one-to-one sessions with business users to gather data warehouse requirements, client liason and converting them to technical requirements, coordinated with source system owners to effect data standardization, functioned as a liaison with operations management and staff to resolve problems and improve processes or systems. I was also involved designing database, created logical and physical data models using ERWIN to enhance/ build the existing / new Data Mart in EDW to meet the business requirement or their reporting or new marketing strategies. Generated ad-hoc SQL queries using joins, database connections and transformation rules to fetch data from DB2, Teradata Database Systems. Also performed analysis on long running queries and provided suggestions to optimize the SQL. Technology Lead Company Name Infosys Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Agoura Hills, CA Status Mart: - This application is used by the bank associates to process the loans from the initial stage till the loan is funded. It also provides workflow management through activity queues and reports. This application is a web-based application designed and developed on ASP/C# .Net, Web Services, Windows Services, Oracle10g and SQL Server 2005.I was at Onsite for this project.Responsibilities:- Involved in designing and developing the new functionalities in the application. - Requirement Understanding.- Co-ordination with offshore team.- Code Review.Environment: - Oracle 10g, SQL Server 2005 NLDB – NLDB is a datamart which is used for reporting purpose by the associates of Bank. SSIS packages are used to extract the data from other data sources and then transforms and load the data into NLDB datamart. The reports are generated through COGNOS tool.Responsibilities:o Analysis of long running reporting queries/database objects in order to expedite the performance of the application. o I was actively involved in providing solutions to client using different techniques like SQL optimization to reduce I/O bottleneck, modification of poorly performing indexes, logical tuning of different database objects, table partitioning etc..o Worked on SSIS packages for this application.Technology: - SQL Server 2005ETL: - SSISMerlin Teller - Merlin Teller is a front-end application used in banking centers to perform daily retail banking transactions. Merlin Teller users (Tellers) are the front-line interface of Bank with its customers. The main objective of this engagement is to maintain and enhance the existing Merlin Teller application based on business requirements.Responsibilities: o Understanding Requirementso Performing impact analysiso Performing Code and LLD Reviewo Designing the solutiono Codingo Unit/Integration testingo Bug Fixing Senior Software Engineer Company Name Electronic Data Systems Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Pune Area, India I worked with HR-CORP Applications. The Information Services HR & Corporate Systems group works primarily for Human Resource function and for the Corporate Systems. PowerPlant / PowerTax application is an Asset Management System used at Allegheny Energy. Responsibility: Analysis of long running queries/database objects in order to expedite the performance of the application. Environment: Oracle 8 See more positions Education Visvesvaraya Technological University, Regional Office, Bangalore Degree Name Master of Computer Applications (MCA) Field Of Study Computer Science Grade First Class Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 Barkatullah Vishwavidyalaya Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Mathematics Grade First Class Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements SDLC See 12 endorsements for SDLC 12 SDLC Santosh Sahoo and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PL/SQL See 10 endorsements for PL/SQL 10 PL/SQL Shivam Jain and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 9 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 9 Microsoft SQL Server Shivam Jain and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Leadership & Management 24,847,993 followers Mastech Digital 8,118 followers Visvesvaraya Technological University, Regional Office, Bangalore 58 followers Hewlett Packard Enterprise 2,454,285 followers Cognizant 1,095,354 followers Data Modeling 6,777 members See all See all following
More Actions Sudeep has a account Sudeep Singhal Data_Analyst;Data_Modeler;Data Architect Huntington National Bank Visvesvaraya Technological University, Regional Office, Bangalore Columbus, Ohio Area 250 250 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Masters in Computer Applications having 13 years of Experience in IT industry (Banking Domain).• 3 Years of working Experience as BA (Business Analyst), Data Analyst in Data ware Housing projects.• 6 Years of working Experience as Data Modeler. 3 Years in OLAP system and 2 Years in OLTP system. • Exposure in overall SDLC including Requirement Gathering, Development, Testing, Debugging, Deployment, Documentation, Production Support.• 7 Years of Hands on Experience in Oracle/SQL/DB2 Development projects.• Extensive Experience in SQL Optimization. • Professional Experience in designing and developing client side applications using Power Builder 6.5, 7.0, 9.0. 2 and BankPro. • Experience in Managing team of 8-11 people.• Strong in design and implementation of business application development in Banking and Financial Services• Quick Learner. • Strong Analytical Skills.• Self-learning attitude.• Good communication and interpersonal skills See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience IS Technical Specialist Company Name Huntington National Bank Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area I am responsible for supporting data architecture for regulatory compliance projects, including the design and development of data solutions to define, organize and deploy complex programs needed to ensure data quality, proper data integration and delivery of data architecture solutions. Apply knowledge of data architecture and data management practices to business and information management solutions in the areas of Master data management, data quality, integration, modeling and governance. Serving as data management subject matter expert in the design and development of enterprise solutions and data modeling. Creating physical data models using ERWIN. Performing data staging and development using ETL technologies and build database structures using DB2. Monitoring project activities of offshore development team, creating detailed architectural design documentation based on requirements as defined by business analysts. Presenting designs in technical review sessions and provide technical and consultative suppport on complex architectural matters. Documenting and maintaining the inventory of data architecture stores used at the bank to identify owner and purpose of stores. Consultant - Data Modeler / Data Analyst Company Name Mastech Digital Dates Employed May 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Involved in the design and creation of data warehouse projects, master data management, data quality and data integration solutions to improve the health of critical business data. Ensuring end to end data quality and consistency in every project, helping establishing data management policies and standards to make data as asset of the company. Documenting and maintaining the inventory of data stores used at the company to provide knowledge and purpose of the data sources.I was responsible for creating designs of data ware house projects and handed over to development team for next phase. Data Modeler/Data Analyst Company Name Cognizant Dates Employed Aug 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Worked as Data Modeler/Business Analyst/Data Analyst in Data Ware Housing projects.I was responsible for helping design and develop data architecture, enterprise data warehouses and regulatory solutions for customers in the banking and financial services industries. My project life cycle duties including conducting one-to-one sessions with business users to gather data warehouse requirements, client liason and converting them to technical requirements, coordinated with source system owners to effect data standardization, functioned as a liaison with operations management and staff to resolve problems and improve processes or systems. I was also involved designing database, created logical and physical data models using ERWIN to enhance/ build the existing / new Data Mart in EDW to meet the business requirement or their reporting or new marketing strategies. Generated ad-hoc SQL queries using joins, database connections and transformation rules to fetch data from DB2, Teradata Database Systems. Also performed analysis on long running queries and provided suggestions to optimize the SQL. Technology Lead Company Name Infosys Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Agoura Hills, CA Status Mart: - This application is used by the bank associates to process the loans from the initial stage till the loan is funded. It also provides workflow management through activity queues and reports. This application is a web-based application designed and developed on ASP/C# .Net, Web Services, Windows Services, Oracle10g and SQL Server 2005.I was at Onsite for this project.Responsibilities:- Involved in designing and developing the new functionalities in the application. - Requirement Understanding.- Co-ordination with offshore team.- Code Review.Environment: - Oracle 10g, SQL Server 2005 NLDB – NLDB is a datamart which is used for reporting purpose by the associates of Bank. SSIS packages are used to extract the data from other data sources and then transforms and load the data into NLDB datamart. The reports are generated through COGNOS tool.Responsibilities:o Analysis of long running reporting queries/database objects in order to expedite the performance of the application. o I was actively involved in providing solutions to client using different techniques like SQL optimization to reduce I/O bottleneck, modification of poorly performing indexes, logical tuning of different database objects, table partitioning etc..o Worked on SSIS packages for this application.Technology: - SQL Server 2005ETL: - SSISMerlin Teller - Merlin Teller is a front-end application used in banking centers to perform daily retail banking transactions. Merlin Teller users (Tellers) are the front-line interface of Bank with its customers. The main objective of this engagement is to maintain and enhance the existing Merlin Teller application based on business requirements.Responsibilities: o Understanding Requirementso Performing impact analysiso Performing Code and LLD Reviewo Designing the solutiono Codingo Unit/Integration testingo Bug Fixing Senior Software Engineer Company Name Electronic Data Systems Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Pune Area, India I worked with HR-CORP Applications. The Information Services HR & Corporate Systems group works primarily for Human Resource function and for the Corporate Systems. PowerPlant / PowerTax application is an Asset Management System used at Allegheny Energy. Responsibility: Analysis of long running queries/database objects in order to expedite the performance of the application. Environment: Oracle 8 See more positions Education Visvesvaraya Technological University, Regional Office, Bangalore Degree Name Master of Computer Applications (MCA) Field Of Study Computer Science Grade First Class Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 Barkatullah Vishwavidyalaya Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Mathematics Grade First Class Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements SDLC See 12 endorsements for SDLC 12 SDLC Santosh Sahoo and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PL/SQL See 10 endorsements for PL/SQL 10 PL/SQL Shivam Jain and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 9 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 9 Microsoft SQL Server Shivam Jain and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Salt River Project 13,035 followers Liberty Mutual Insurance 180,378 followers Economy 15,706,935 followers ICC 5,881 followers Cognizant 1,095,354 followers HP 2,446,955 followers See all See all following
More Actions David B. has a account David B. Walk GIS Data Analyst ■ Programmer ■ Engineer Trico Electric Cooperative Bowling Green State University Tucson, Arizona 118 118 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent GIS Data Analyst • Programmer • Engineer My passion has always been automation. As a GIS professional with more than 10 years experience, I am always seeking new solutions to automate GIS processes. Whether it be a simple tool to return a desired output, or a full blown process that launches automatically at a prescribed time, performs a complex analysis, then send results to specified destinations. Currently, I am working as a GIS Data Analyst for the City of Tucson, supporting a 140,000 customer refuse/recycle operation in the Environmental Services Department. My concentration is in Business Intelligence (BI), query, map, and report automation, development of custom GIS/BI tools, Automatic Vehicle Location (AVL) tracking and route analysis. Most recently, I've implemented web solutions for data collection and reporting tools to allow field personnel to use their mobile devices for collecting data and executing work orders. My involvement in GIS started, when I was working as a Radio Frequency Systems Engineer, providing radio coverage for mobile data networks. I was introduced to the power of GIS technology when I implemented spatial modeling into the design process. This process of RF propagation analysis allowed me to not only better forecast radio coverage of a proposed wireless network, but also communicate this to the customer using visual media.Skills• Geographic Information Systems (GIS)• Python/VB Programming• ESRI ArcGIS• Computer Simulation and Modeling• Automation• Web MappingEducationBSET Bowling Green State University 1993 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Communication Journeyman Company Name Trico Electric Cooperative Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Marana, Az GIS Data Analyst (Analyst/Programmer) Company Name City of Tucson Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Tucson, Az • Provided GIS and business intelligence solutions for a 140,000 customer refuse/recycle operation. • Developed numerous custom tools in Python, VB, and ESRI Modelbuilder to support daily enterprise business operation. • Automated daily generation of route map books and exception reports providing up-to-date route status information.• Integrated non-spatial data from customer billing database (AS400) with geospatial database (SDE) adding a geospatial component to the data.• Developed custom queries of AS400 dB2 database, developed interactive query interfaces for use by non-SQL users, developed applications to query billing dB and send custom reports. • Implemented mobile device apps for data collection. By referencing data to high quality web maps, was able to use low precision mobile devices to provide high precision data. • Integrated AVL tracking data with GIS for enhanced route analysis.• Implemented address validation and conversion using geocoding APIs, including Google Maps/Google Earth, Bing, Open Street Map, Map Quest, and USPS. Engineering Associate (Water Infrastructure Planning | GIS Analysis) Company Name City of Tucson, Water Department Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location Tucson, AZ • Provided planning and engineering services for 230,000 customer/4500 mile water distribution network.• Performed hydraulic modeling and analysis, evaluated water distribution networks for reliable and efficient operation, provided age/failure analysis and CIP prioritization.• Developed and implemented GIS solutions for water resource engineering.• Implemented GIS analysis to estimate the probability of water main failures and aid capital improvement project prioritization.• Developed custom valve tracing tool that mapped to nearest valves that could be closed in order to isolate a broken main. • Automated committed water system demand analysis using GIS. • Developed custom analysis and reporting tools to produce work order summaries and water system component inventories.• Reviewed plans and drawings for compliance with codes, regulations and specifications, verified data and calculations, identified and resolved conflicts. Electronic Communication Technician (Radio Systems | Fiber Optics | Networking) Company Name City Of Tucson, General Services Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Nov 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Tucson, AZ • Maintained Public Safety Communications Systems Infrastructures. Repaired, maintained and certified public safely communication systems for the City of Tucson, including radio communications repeaters, fiber optics, networks, microwave, and Fleet AVL, • Documented and maintained map data for City of Tucson's Metro fiber optics network.• Coordinated "Bluestake" activities including pre-screening and utility locating. Principal Radio Frequency Systems Engineer (RF Systems Design | Propagation Modeling and Analysis) Company Name Modular Mining Systems, Inc. Dates Employed May 2002 – Mar 2003 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Tucson, AZ • Performed RF propagation modeling and analysis in the design of mobile data networks. Designed/evaluated radio communication infrastructures for proprietary real-time database management system, Evaluated RF networks for reliable/efficient operation.• Developed policies and standards for RF propagation analysis, including drive tests, mapping, reporting and presentation formats.• Developed specifications/policies for radio systems integration and site development. See more positions Education Bowling Green State University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Electronics Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Electronic Communications and Automated Process Controls Community College of the Air Force Degree Name Associate's Degree Field Of Study Avionic Systems Technology Pima Community College Degree Name Professional Certificate Field Of Study Computer Archeo Cartography 2004 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements ArcGIS See 11 endorsements for ArcGIS 11 ArcGIS Patrick Tompkins and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 4 endorsements for Python 4 Python Jessica Hynd and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Automated Mapping See 2 endorsements for Automated Mapping 2 Automated Mapping Lawrence C. and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David B. has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses ANSI SQL ArcGIS Desktop Bentley WaterGems C DeciBel Planner Java MS Project VB.Net David B. has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications National Association of Radio and Telecommunication Engineers Ham Radio - Advanced Class Operators License David B. has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Interests Pulse 1,535,172 followers Field Technologies Online 1,959 members GIS Solutions for Local Government 5,589 members The GIS Forum 11,571 members Pima Community College 33,053 followers Esri 76,995 followers See all See all following
More Actions Xiaochen has a account Xiaochen Li Senior Data Analyst at Capital One Capital One Bentley University Greater Chicago Area 495 495 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Associate Product Analyst Company Name Monster Worldwide Dates Employed Oct 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Cambridge, MA ● Working within the MS SQL database to discover, document and prioritize geo-targeting business needs of search, match, advertisers and web-indexing engines. ● Designing and partnering with search product management to refine geo-location data for all markets that Monster operates in. ● Serving as the company evangelist for taxonomies and coordinate with internal and external customers as needed. Education Bentley University Degree Name Master's degree in Information Technology and certificate in Business Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electronic Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Skills Python Python Click and drag to reorder skills SAS SAS Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling Statistical Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Quantitative Analytics Quantitative Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Xiaochen has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Advanced SAS programmer CFA level I Interests PwC 1,335,775 followers RL Zapin Associates, Inc. 390 followers Velossent, LLC 6,048 followers Business Analytics, Big Data, and Artificial Intelligence 182,242 members Market Street Talent, Inc. 2,802 followers Burtch Works 15,761 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ye(Jason) has a account Ye(Jason) Wang Product Manager, Data Analyst, Quantitative Analyst 四叶草车险 University of Maryland College Park Putuo District, Shanghai, China 348 348 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Interest: Predictive Modeling,Statistical Methodology,Database Management,Survey Research, Market Research,Consumer Segmentation,Data Visualization,Machine Learning/Statistical Learning techniques in Data Science.Over 2 years hands-on experiences in data science. Previously I worked in the Center for Health Information and Decision System(CHIDS), a research center in Robert H. Smith School of Business. I used R/Rstudio and Microsoft SQL Server to analyze data and develop model to evaluate clients' system. Also, I collaborated with professor in data mining project of Hypertension Treatment. In 2013 summer, I had an internship in AIG Science Team as data analyst in New York. I worked with many professional data scientists and business analysts in different AIG internal projects.I am equipped with data processing, data visualization and data analytically skills. I am professional in Python,R and Microsoft SQL Server. I also learnt to use Python to conduct Hadoop and MapReduce. During the internship in AIG, I used SAS to do some basic data processing and data modeling.I am a big fan of Big Data.Github: https://github.com/yeah529 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Product Manager Company Name 四叶草车险 Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Shanghai City, China Data Analyst Company Name comScore, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Reston, Virginia -Involved in analytics and operation for syndicated Ad analytics product-AdMetrix-Undertook AdMetrix and Media Metrix research items such as improving Ad spend model and differentiating bad executable applications to maintain data collection-Applied sentiment analysis on JIRA ticket to evaluate analysts’ performance and enhance quality-Managed end-end production cycle and product development by working cross-functionally with product management, software engineering and digital media teams Evaluation Research Assistant Company Name Jack Kent Cooke Foundation Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Lansdowne, VA • Extracted and pre-processed massive raw data from GIFTS database• Offered strong analytic support by using SAS and R in multiple projects about scholars data• Reported and presented analytic results directly to Evaluation Director • Collaborated with scholar advisors to use analytic results to improve scholarship programs Graduate Research Associate Company Name Center for Health Information and Decision Systems Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Location College Park, MD • Participated in fraud detection project by collaborating with professors and clients on improving the predictive accuracy of the client's fraud detection system• Conducted data processing and data cleaning by using R on insurance claim data, resulting in cleaner dataset used for more effective data analysis• Built logistic regression models for 5 different fraud scenarios in the initial analysis to gain an understanding of predictor variables and their contributions to the dependent variable.• Drafted logistic regression report and variable explanation documents, which maximized professors' research capability Media (1) This position has 1 media Center for Health Information and Decision Systems (CHIDS) Center for Health Information and Decision Systems (CHIDS) This media is a link Data Analyst Intern Company Name AIG Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location 180 Maiden Ln, New York, NY • Worked on an internal data optimization project utilizing R and SAS tools, which helped reduce redundancy and improved efficiency in claims department• Designed general and generalized linear model for senior data modelers in order to offer them basic analysis and summary of the data• Offered about total 5 weekly status presentations for 2 insurance claims projects • Provided liaison related support between claims department and data modeler to improvecommunication See more positions Education University of Maryland College Park Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Management Information Systems, General Grade 3.6 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Graduate Research Associate in CHIDS Tianjin University of Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Insurance Grade 3.4 Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: student union committee member in charge of organizational work Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 20 endorsements for Data Analysis 20 Data Analysis Endorsed by Rupantar Rana and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 10 endorsements for SAS 10 SAS Prahlad Bora and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills R See 13 endorsements for R 13 R Endorsed by Rupantar Rana, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ye(Jason) has 33 certifications 33 Expand certifications section Certifications 产品经理微专业 Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree Model Thinking Data Science Specialization edX Honor Code Certificate for Explore Statistics with R Principles of Computing SAS Certified Advanced Programming for SAS 9 Developing Data Products Introduction to Forensic Science Practical Machine Learning Ye(Jason) has 12 courses 12 Expand courses section Courses Actuary Algebra Android Mobile App Development Business Process Analysis Data Mining Data Processing in Python Decision Analysis Healthcare Information System Higher Mathematics Introduction to Statistical Computing with SAS Ye(Jason) has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Sina Weibo Crawler and Sentiment Analysis Android App Development (LifeGuardian) Prescription Patterns and Compliance in Hypertension Treatment Survivor Rate in Titanic Disaster Ye(Jason) has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Ye(Jason) has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Insurance Supermarket Feasibility Analysis Interests "OFFICIAL" Robert H. Smith School of Business Current Students 5,521 members Social Media 16,342,857 followers University of Maryland - Robert H. Smith School of Business 27,722 followers University of Maryland - Robert H. Smith School of Business 24,455 followers Big Data 5,065,113 followers Pulse 1,535,173 followers See all See all following
More Actions Badal has a account Badal Kataria Experienced Reporting Analyst|Access, SQL, Oracle, Excel, ETL, R, Tableau, Spotfire|ISO Data Analyst opportunity in IRL Thomson Reuters National College of Ireland Ireland 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Email ID: badal_k91@yahoo.com Contact# +353-0892232845 Visa Status : Eligible to work full-time in Ireland for 6 months. Available : ImmediateBadal is an enthusiastic and pro-active analytics professional who is able to work effectively and timely produce quality results both as a team member and an individual. He is passionate in manipulating data and building interactive analytical reports that give the power to end users in decision making by focusing on "the bigger picture". He is always open to new challenges and the focus is on building trustworthy relationships with any individual he has the chance to cooperate with.Time Management - Proven track record of creating daily/weekly/monthly MIS reports and evaluating their effectiveness with respect to time utilization, consistency & accuracy parameters.■ Strong knowledge and experience with Analytical software such as MS Excel, MS SQL, MS Access databases. ■ Intermediate programming & visualizing skills with Python, Tableau, MS SQL Server, SSIS, and SSAS. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Badal’s Activity 686 followers Boost your Excel skills with this video series from LinkedIn Learning. A new tip is released weekly to help you boost your productivity and learn the hidden features of Excel. https://lnkd.in/gDAMC7S Badal liked Teaching An 'Old' Dog New Tricks: An Iconic Brand Makes A Big Change Badal liked The GEP NJ team at their weekly Toastmasters meeting -- improving communication, learning leadership skills, building confidence. Badal liked Earlier today I had a private message from a recruiter, who said he felt I was too open on LinkedIn and I needed to be more professional. Later this afternoon I spoke with a potential investor, who told me that she was keen to invest in our business because she felt she already knew me, and trusted me. I've always tried to be myself with everyone - up, down and sideways on the ladder of life. It's served me pretty well so far, and I'd hate to have to be a show-pony to make a success of myself and our business. What do you think? Badal liked Excuse me boss! During increment time Boss : There are 50 bricks on an Plane. If u drop 1 outside. How many are left? Employee : That's easy, 49. Boss : What are the three steps to put an elephant into a fridge? Employee : Open the fridge. Put the elephant in. Close the fridge Boss : What are the four steps to put a deer into the fridge? Employee : Open the fridge. Take the elephant out. Put the deer in. Close the fridge. Boss : It's lion's birthday, all animals are there except one, why? Employee : Because the deer is in the fridge. Boss : How does an old woman cross a swamp filled with crocodiles? Employee : She crosses it because the crocodiles are at the lion's birthday Boss : Last question. In the end the old lady still died. Why? Employee : Er....I guess she drowned....err... Boss : No! She was hit by the brick fallen from the Plane that's the problem, you are not focused on your job....You may leave now!!! Moral: If your boss has decided to screw u, no matter How much u prepare u will be screwed So don't worry about your review.. Just enjoy your work and enjoy d life... #Forward Badal liked I'm getting a lot of messages asking me what I did to get the Amazon position. Unfortunately I don't have any 'hot tips' or advice. I didn't get the job by networking, or by having a 'killer' portfolio, or learning X-or-Y library/framework/tool. I don't have a secret recipe. I have an interest in JavaScript and, currently, front-end development. I learned (and am still learning) the language, and I learned front-end best practices (DOM traversal, common security concerns, performance, cross-browser compatibility, etc.). I applied for a job on Amazon's career website. So I basically did the opposite of what most people tell you to do. The only thing I can share that might be of value: Finding your own path to success is completely okay. Even if your path is weird. If you're confident that you're making the right decisions to get you where you want to go, have faith in yourself. I have no idea how many times people told me to go to Meetups or spend more time making LinkedIn connections or...whatever. While those methods might work for some, they don't work for me. What worked for me was learning the fundamentals and best practices relevant to my field of interest, and applying for a job. Badal liked See all activity Experience Sr. Executive - Litigation (Production Support Management) Company Name Thomson Reuters Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Mumbai Area, India •Analyzed operational dataset and created visualized reports to determine primary and secondary requirements for internal management and business partners while reporting directly on a daily basis to the Head of Business Unit.•Redesigned dashboards that significantly reduced manual efforts and enhanced data quality.•Assisted in the recruitment of entry-level employees with experience in reporting across the unit.•Prepared a daily biometric report for staff that ensured accurate billing to the client.Major tools: Excel, MS Access, SQL Server Media (2) This position has 2 media Certificate of Appreciation by David & Shelby Certificate of Appreciation by David & Shelby This media is an image Team of the Year award Team of the Year award This media is an image Jr Analyst Company Name eClerx Services Limited Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Mumbai Area, India ■ Maintained quality control of the website; escalated issues to the client and ensured that it is fixed on time.■ Prepared a weekly presentation to show identified issues and status report■ Analyzed website internal search (site search) performance, provided suggestions and strategy for improvements.■ Coordinated with various stakeholders at client’s end to get issues resolved via JIRA platform & G-tools.■ Prepared and maintained necessary excel reports such as error pareto, error triaging, website analysis, et al to ensure better clarity of current situation and gave power to clients to take better decision.■ Identified bottlenecks in current process as well as suggested appropriate solutions to enhance productivity and quality; conducted training sessions for new joiners.■ Supported managers and team lead to ensure all the project SLA’s are met as well as in updating and maintaining process collaterals to ensure it is up to date as per latest changes in the process. Education National College of Ireland Degree Name Post Gradute Diploma Field Of Study Data Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Modules: Statistics for Data Analytics, Data Warehousing & Business Intelligence, Managing the Organization, Advanced Data Mining, Data Visualization, Research in Computing, and Analytical CRM. Mulund College of Commerce Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Runner Up team in Kurukshetra Bachelorette in Computer Science Mulund High School Degree Name S.S.C Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Civil Defence Dates volunteered Aug 2012 – Aug 2016 Volunteer duration 4 yrs 1 mo Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief 1) Search & Rescue service.2) Mob control.3) Managing traffic. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 1 endorsement for Data Analysis 1 Data Analysis Marjorie Pereira has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Reporting & Analysis See 4 endorsements for Reporting & Analysis 4 Reporting & Analysis Marjorie Pereira and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 2 endorsements for SQL 2 SQL Marjorie Pereira and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Joyal Rodrigues Strategy, Corp Communication, Implementations, Process Improvement and CSR expert January 31, 2017, Joyal worked with Badal in different groups Badal Kataria is an extremely process oriented professional. He possess an analytical and strategic approach and most often this enables to put a lot of moving parts together. He understands the bigger picture of the business and is committed to the growth of the organization and himself. I have worked with him on multiple engagements and he comes across as one who can spear-head, collaborate, clarify and influence while taking business decisions. He is a people’s person!Trust and performance is a natural instinct to him. Always composed and a packaged bundle who would do wonders in any organization that he joins. Vinit Menon Assistant Manager - Operations - Litigation Solution December 23, 2016, Vinit managed Badal directly Badal joined my team in Feb 2015. Within months he was one of the priced resource of our team. A hard working and resilient member of litigation support team, Badal has consistently improved on his performance and helped encourage the rest of the team to strive for better.Within a year he was promoted to Senior Executive and has tirelessly worked with his team toward process improvement. Badal was a focused,committed and jovial colleague who would make a great addition to any team.A confident and friendly employee, Badal was popular with his colleagues and clients alike and has a real passion and enthusiasm for the work and task assigned to him. I wish him all the best for his future endeavors. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Badal has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Certificate of Appreciation Employee of the Month Certificate of Appreciation Badal has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Six Sigma (White belt) Badal has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course MSc in Data Analytics Badal has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Perception Data Consulting 122 followers Bain & Company 408,676 followers Connect5.net 9 followers Platinum Recruitment 184 followers Straight12.com 8 followers Brite:Bill 1,234 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric White President Emeritus, East Coast Analytics, LLC East Coast Analytics City University of New York-Baruch College Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area 74 74 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Seasoned professional and Excel specialist with financial, economics, real estate, brokerage, management and international experience as a hands-on budget and financial analyst, developer, user, and manager of cost and market information, applying strong Excel, cash flow modeling, analytical, forecasting, cost control, presentation, and writing skills.• Design and develop consolidated reporting systems making extensive use of Excel’s capabilities including macros, lookups, and pivot tables, as well as tools such as SQL, for retrieving and manipulating data from multiple internal and external sources.• Experience focused on pro-forma business plan development and analysis, budgeting, product pricing, cost control, financial analysis, cash flow, variance analysis, and senior management reporting, working both independently and managing a staff of analysts.• First developed financial and economic analysis skills as a research assistant to Dr. Alan Greenspan.Specialties: • Depth of financial industry and real estate industry experience, developing cash-flow / IRR / NPV models; skillful in financial statement analysis, accounting and general finance• Consolidated business plan development, analysis, expense tracking, financial reporting, budgeting, cash projections• Internal billing, inventory management, reporting, charge-backs• Extremely proficient in Excel, including Pivot Tables, VLookups / HLookups, and Macros See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience President Company Name East Coast Analytics Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location South Florida I have turned in my Dixon Ticonderoga #2 Pencil and retired from Woodbridge / BFC Financial.Now I can focus all my time (when not sitting at the pool) on East Coast Analytics. Financial Analyst Company Name BFC Financial Dates Employed Sep 2006 – May 2015 Employment Duration 8 yrs 9 mos Senior Financial Analyst Company Name Centerline Homes Dates Employed May 2004 – Jun 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos President Company Name East Coast Analytics Dates Employed Jan 2003 – May 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Financial Applications Consultant Company Name Jordan & Jordan Dates Employed Apr 1998 – Jan 2003 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos See more positions Education City University of New York-Baruch College Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Economics & Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 11 endorsements for Financial Analysis 11 Financial Analysis Adam Eckstat and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 8 endorsements for Forecasting 8 Forecasting Jack Friedman and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 7 endorsements for Finance 7 Finance Adam Eckstat and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Maryann Evans, PMP, MBA Adjunct Professor at Broward College January 8, 2011, Eric worked with Maryann in different groups I have worked with Maryann for more than 4 years, in which time she has proven to be an invaluable resource, with her ability to manage multiple projects. She has always proven her willingness to put forth extra effort while demonstrating her ability to master the business issues behind the projects.For example she significantly reduced firm-wide expenses by managing a comprehensive consolidation of IT resources and reducing redundancies. She also played a key role in the establishment of our brokerage division, melding resources from multiple companies. I know that I can always rely on Maryann to consistently come through, helping others to meet tight deadlines and lending guidance and assistance in a timely manner. She is clearly a team player and I would look forward to working with her again. Bill Raczka CPA | MBA | Financial Leadership | Bill Raczka August 8, 2010, Eric reported directly to Bill Over my 30 plus year career, Bill has been one of the best managers I have ever worked with, offering valuable guidance and providing the opportunity to pick up very good habits regarding analytics and reporting. He has proven to be an invaluable resource, with his ability to distill large amounts of data in order to develop clear and concise dashboard reporting and identify key performance indicators (KPIs) for senior management, utilizing management / analytical tools, including Excel and PowerPoint. Bill is a solid, creative professional who communicates well and interacts with others at all levels of the organization. He is someone I would look forward to working with again. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Baruch College 114,167 followers Pulse 1,535,174 followers Baruch College 117,780 followers
More Actions Adam has a account Adam Phillips Business Data Analyst Lokad University of Hertfordshire Paris Area, France 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an innovative thinker and problem-solver with 20 years experience in the analysis, design, architecture and implementation of applications, with speciality in large-scale data, SQL Server BI stack, MySQL, PHP, Excel and VBA.I have personally designed and developed an internet search engine, an enterprise CMS, a mobile GPS game, a flexible VBA-based Excel data entry solution and a multi-variance testing system. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Data Analyst Company Name Lokad Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Founder and CTO Company Name Strabo Games Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location London, Paris Strabo Games creates highly innovative and entertaining real-life, outdoor video games - driven by compelling stories and experienced through mobile, location-based technologyOur technology allows you to play games on a mobile device using geolocation capabilities to offer fun activities requiring moving around in a defined virtual play area, either alone or as part of a team. You interact with both real and virtual elements in order to win the game, or to stop your enemies or friends from winning. Excel/VBA Data Analyst Developer (Contract) Company Name CACI Ltd Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Supported and re-developing Excel / VBA / Cognos / SQL Server based reports. Re-engineered processes with signifcant time savings and improved process stability. Implemented automated data ingestion and report creation. Senior Analyst Developer (Contract) Company Name Fast Thinking - Marketing in Real Time Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 11 mos I am responsible for analysis, design, build, implementation and maintenance of a large-scale data platform and tools for marketing data. I work heavily with marketing data in PHP and MySQL, Excel manipulated with VBA, and I also developed and maintain the AWS stack (EC2, RDS, S3, Pig) Lead Data Analyst (Contract) Company Name LBi Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom Responsibility for development, maintenance, refinement and efficiency of a large scale data warehouse for hundreds of digital marketing analytics clients. See more positions Education University of Hertfordshire Degree Name Software Engineering Field Of Study Software Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1992 Activities and Societies: Local Campus DJ, Football Team Software Engineering Volunteer Experience Data Management Company Name Represent Us Dates volunteered Dec 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 6 mos Cause Politics I manage data for Represent Us - a volunteer only organisation dedicated to pushing the UK parliament towards a representative Brexit. We campaign across all parties to make the final Brexit deal accountable and measurable. Featured Skills & Endorsements SEM See 26 endorsements for SEM 26 SEM Yoan Bassinet and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills A/B testing See 8 endorsements for A/B testing 8 A/B testing Yoan Bassinet and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Multivariate Testing See 8 endorsements for Multivariate Testing 8 Multivariate Testing Endorsed by 2 of Adam’s colleagues at Diffiniti Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (8) Harv Bamrah Analytics & Insight Integration Manager at MEC January 29, 2016, Adam worked with Harv in the same group I had the privilege of working with Adam Phillips whilst at CACI. Adam Phillips was one of the most dedicated professionals that I have worked with. Forward thinking and proactive, he is a great asset to any company. He has an extensive knowledge, and his open-minded approach could not be overestimated. Rohaan Thavarajan Senior Data Analyst at TMB Marketing & Communications January 28, 2016, Rohaan managed Adam directly Adam worked as a contractor in my team for a period of around 4 months. His brief was to redesign the existing VBA process used for our weekly service, making it more efficient and user friendly. He far exceeded the expectations I had, by not only meeting the requirements we outlined. But by adding extra functionality and flexibility, spawned by his own investigations. He also left extensive documentation for the new processes he designed.I found him to be a very knowledgeable and likeable individual. He regularly aided myself with other VBA and SQL queries within the team. I was very impressed by not only his expertise in the areas, but also his creative and versatile way of approaching a problem. I have always found this to be a key skill in a programmer. He was also always keen to help other members of the team and eager to take on tasks as required. I strongly recommend Adam based on the work I have seen from him in the past and would definitely reacquire his services should a similar role appear. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Oli Pyke Team Lead, Agile Evangelist and Promoter of modern Software Engineering Best Practices September 29, 2016, Oli worked with Adam in the same group Oli is a great analyst / developer who can quickly and accurately get his head around any problem. Quick to learn, quick to understand and quick to implement due to his in-depth knowledge of the environments and languages that he masters. Oli was everyone's go-to person for tech answers. He would be a wonderful asset to any development project. Rohaan Thavarajan Senior Data Analyst at TMB Marketing & Communications January 26, 2016, Adam reported directly to Rohaan I worked for Rohaan as a contractor for around 4 months and in this found him to be a very friendly, knowledgeable and helpful person. He made sure that I had everything I needed to do my job right at my fingertips, with no obstructions from process or politics. He headed a team that gels well because of his influence. He is a very effective manager and also knows a great deal about data analysis and client liaison. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Adam has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications The Digital Garage Duolingo French Fluency: Advanced (Estimated) Adam has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Adam has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course MetEd Skywarn Spotter Adam has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project LBi Dashboard - Data Warehouse integration Interests Strabo Games 18 followers Batch.com 404 followers Redstart Inc. 27 followers Euro London Appointments 48,278 followers Infopro digital 7,297 followers University of Hertfordshire 94,996 followers See all See all following
More Actions Henry has a account Henry VanWye, Systems Engineer, Data Analyst Systems Engineering: Mathematical / Statistical Sensor Signal Processing / Data Analysis Halliburton - Preferred upstream service company for the development of global oil and gas assets. Oklahoma State University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 145 145 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Henry VanWyeRichardson, TX 75081972-822-0125henry.vanwye@gmail.comSYSTEMS ENGINEER - SIGNAL PROCESSOR - DATA ANALYST Systems Engineer with core strengths of signal processing and data analysis to evaluate and display a sensor / system's performance. A proven track record developing algorithms for a high technology defense contractor's customer requirements. Selected Career Accomplishments:• ALGORITHM DEVELOPMENT - Created real-time spectral display used by 25+ engineers to evaluate system's performance during flight test phase. The positive effect was a 50% time reduction in the test phase resulting in substantial cost reduction to the program. • AIRBORNE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT - Team lead that developed sensor system resulting in 30x sensitivity improvement in the US Navy's current Anti-Submarine Warfare (ASW) fleet systems.• SYSTEM INTEGRATION & TEST - Achieved 90% of the exit criteria goals for performance evaluation tests of sensor systems under adverse flight conditions including US Navy coordinated tests.Specialties: Algorithm DevelopmentArray ProcessingDigital Signal ProcessingCoherence AnalysisControl SystemsData Collection, AnalysisDiscrete Random SeriesFFT, Fast Fourier TransformsFrequency ResponseLabVIEWReal-Time DisplaysGraphical User InterfacesResonance LoopsMathematicsOptimizationMATLABSimulinkSimulationModelingNoise ReductionStatistical Signal ProcessingSystems Design, DevelopmentSystems Engineering See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Wireline Manufacturing Engineer Company Name Halliburton - Preferred upstream service company for the development of global oil and gas assets. Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Applied engineering skills to the analysis, modification and testing of electronic hardware and firmware for Wireline Downhole tools. Developed specifications, procedures and reports. Provided technical guidance to other personnel involved in assembly and testing of production tools. Systems Engineer / Signal Processor / Data Analyst Company Name Polatomic Inc. - R&D business that develops magnetic detection sensors for defense & space apps Dates Employed Nov 1998 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 12 yrs Responsible for the technical development and successful implementation of real-time control / status, data collection / analysis display programs for the evaluation of sensor systems. • Key member of the team awarded with a $32 million contract by Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR, US Navy Lab) to produce 86 AN/ASQ-233 Multi-Mode Magnetic Detection Systems (3MDS) magnetometer systems over five years.• Supported, collected and analyzed data for more than 30 flight tests of Polatomic 3MDS magnetometer systems funded by the US Navy's Office of Naval Research (ONR) and NAVAIR. Evaluated system noise, platform environmental noise and target signature detection under various flight conditions, including US Navy coordinated tests, reaching 90% of the exit criteria goals.• Developed real-time LabVIEW remote Ethernet - based spectral analysis tools, system spectral display, control / status and data collection programs used by 25+ engineers / scientists to evaluate magnetometer systems, cutting evaluation time 50%.• Made real-time, in-flight evaluations possible of noise reduction, motion compensation, target detection and statistical signal analysis. Provided time traces, amplitude - frequency plots and 3D time - frequency charts. Realistic evaluations of target track algorithms were only possible with the real-time position plots allowing pilot to determine on-the-spot aircraft flight course / path. Technical System Program Engineer Company Name Polatomic Inc. - Research & Development business that produces magnetic sensors for defense & space. Dates Employed Nov 1998 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 12 yrs Responsible for the technical development and evaluation of high sensitivity laser-pumped helium magnetometers (magnetic detection sensors) for defense applications.• Performed program management, proposals, cost estimates and reporting, used to further develop 1/2-size, -weight & -power (SWaP) Compact Magnetic Detection System (CMDS) slated for Boeing's ScanEagle and Northrop Grumman's FireScout MQ-8B Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). • Applied extensive experience and technical skills as a team member developing / troubleshooting magnetometer sensors made up of an electronics amp and sensor optics including:Embedded processor........Ethernet output......3-axis accelerometerFPGA.............................Preamps................3-axis vector magnetometerA/d & d/a converters.........Laser control loop....Magnetic resonance loopLaser...............................GPS unit................H1 resonance driversThermal Electric Cooler....Ignition drivers.........RF excitation driversHelium resonance cells....Circular polarizers....IR (Infrared) detectors Technical Project Engineer Company Name Raytheon TI Systems (RTIS) - TI DSEG sold to Raytheon in 1997. Dates Employed 1992 – 1998 Employment Duration 6 yrs Responsible for the technical design and development of major components of AN/ASQ-208 Advanced Digital Magnetic Anomaly Detection (MAD) or ADM magnetometer system plus the production, testing and evaluation of the system and its performance.• Lead Engineer of the Advanced Digital MAD (Magnetic Anomaly Detection) team that produced twenty Digital MAD systems over 18 months for NAVAIR.• Designed and tested four out of ten mil-spec boards of the Amplifier Unit of the ADM MAD system including the DRO, Digital Resonance Oscillator and the DSP, Digital Signal Processing boards.• Initiated access to the DRO and DSP I/O bus through an external test connector; greatly enhancing the capability and time for acceptance test verification of the magnetometer's noise performance.• Utilized a Dynamic Signal Analyzer (with specialized digital I/O option) that allowed real-time FFT frequency spectral domain testing of the magnetic sensor's noise floor. Education Oklahoma State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Activities and Societies: IEEE Featured Skills & Endorsements Systems Engineering See 19 endorsements for Systems Engineering 19 Systems Engineering Douglas McGregor and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Signal Processing See 7 endorsements for Statistical Signal Processing 7 Statistical Signal Processing Jim Hope and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Labview - Real-Time System Spectral Analysis GUI Display Labview - Real-Time System Spectral Analysis GUI Display No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (7) Given (1) Glen Meggs Senior Systems Engineer -- Software Systems Algorithm Development, Matlab, Implementation January 17, 2011, Henry worked with Glen in the same group I have worked with Henry for several years and know him as a valuable colleague. He has strong knowledge in signal processing, a solid understanding of hardware systems, and is capable and willing to perform in all areas of systems engineering. Henry has an eye for detail and a flair for devising novel and informative methods of data analysis. Jim J.H.Manning -- January 12, 2011, Jim managed Henry directly Henry is a hard working, dedicated, experienced and talented engineer and was well recognized for his contributions and work ethics @ Polatomic. He functioned as an individual contributor, team member & Program Manager @ Polatomic. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Mike Sampson Program Manager at Polatomic January 21, 2011, Mike worked with Henry in the same group Several things come to mind about Mike when I think about our years together at Polatomic. Mike had a very skillful ability for planning and budgeting the programs he managed. Mike was very organized and had a keen sense of how to identify the key tasks / issues that needed to be addressed for his program's success. I highly recommend Mike. Accomplishments Interests Rockwell Collins 76,708 followers AMD 159,587 followers Averna 6,161 followers Alcatel-Lucent 451,365 followers Agilent Technologies 153,978 followers National Instruments 80,141 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tulsi has a account Tulsi Shah Data Analyst at EnerNOC EnerNOC University of California, Davis San Francisco Bay Area 288 288 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name EnerNOC Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Walnut Creek, CA Worked on multi-million dollar evaluation projects for few of the biggest utilities in the US. Developed project-plans and brainstormed analytical strategies to handle multi-year projects, wrote code to efficiently and accurately track savings and results. Authored two industry reports - researched several government and academic reports on the subject matter, conducted interviews with energy industry experts, studied state and federal reports etc in order to develop those reports. Manage company’s website for Load Analysis Membership Services (LAMS) program for utility clients.Conduct market research on upstream market cost categorization, best practices for utilities to optimize and claimed savings, characteristics of exemplary utility programs, evaluation studies to understand net-to-gross ratio analysis, evaluation practices for take-home energy kit programs.Successfully working as an analyst for handful major evaluation projects. Developing SAS code to review the utility’s current validation, editing and estimation process. Analyzing sample interval data to develop load shapes. Running analysis on load shapes while including key parameters such as class peak along with class contribution to system peak for each month.Preparing and analyzing data for client reports; prepare charts and tables presenting the results of the analyses; managing large datasets, including energy interval data; and working with utilities and other market players to understand energy programs. Note taker Company Name Market Focus Dates Employed 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Energy Analyst Intern Company Name Teichert Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Sacramento, California Area • Conduct site visits to collect field energy data, work closely with public utilities to track and analyze the energy usage.• Research technical information on energy efficiency, and expand skill sets on energy performance software.• Meet with plant managers, application engineers and environmental engineers to discuss and recommend engineering and other modifications to decrease energy cost.• Research and develop the first Teichert Energy Audit Report to evaluate energy efficiency opportunities. • Negotiate with public utilities to consider sub-metering options, energy efficiency incentives and other sustainability strategies. Field Correspondent Company Name Bennett, Coleman and Co. Ltd. (Times Group) Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Ahmedabad Area, India • Covered local events, researched news stories and wrote a regular column about the diaspora and subculture of Indian Americans.• Partnered with 35 corporations, and designed, implemented, and refined training sessions for 700 corporate volunteers to teach weekly classes at various government schools. Wrote a bi-weekly column on the campaign.• Collected press clips for the campaign from other media outlets to share with stakeholders.• Wrote action alerts, news reports, blog posts, editorials, interviews, and other articles for the newspaper and the web portal. Program Associate Company Name Old Adobe Developmental Services (OADS) Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Petaluma • Taught a wide range of personalized life skill and academic classes to people with mental disabilities. • Supervised adults in daily stimulating and challenging activities catered to each individual. • Improvised methods for improving the organization of OADS through increased computer documentation with shared files and more comprehensive referral forms. See more positions Education University of California, Davis Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S) Field Of Study Physics Activities and Societies: Women In Science and Engineering, Physics Club, Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 20 endorsements for Research 20 Research Endorsed by Catherine Dizon, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Tulsi’s colleagues at EnerNOC Click and drag to reorder skills Sustainability See 19 endorsements for Sustainability 19 Sustainability Endorsed by Thomas Loxley Rosenberg, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media See 13 endorsements for Social Media 13 Social Media Ray D. Smith and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Green Jobs (2607615) 2,780 members San Francisco Green Drinks 1,585 members Sustainability Professionals 184,274 members Women of Wind Energy - SF Bay Area Chapter 45 members Green 284,070 members Natural Resources Defense Council 12,086 followers See all See all following
More Actions Justin has a account Justin Commerford Data Analyst at Bloomberg LP Bloomberg LP University of Cape Town London, United Kingdom 280 280 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Analyst for Bloomberg New Energy Finance.- Energy Smart Technologies-Energy Storage-Digital Energy-Energy Efficiency-Clean Energy Investment-Corporate Renewable Energy Procurement Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Justin’s Activity 280 followers Graduated from the University of Cape Town this weekend. It felt good but I'm hungrier than ever to accomplish my goals. Not finished, not quitting. Justin liked See all activity Experience Global Data Analyst Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location London, United Kingdom Power, Gas and BNEF teamPrimarily working on Energy Smart Technologies, Corporate Renewable Energy Procurement and Clean Energy Investment. Data Analyst Company Name Bloomberg New Energy Finance Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Cape Town Area, South Africa Energy Smart Technologies (EST)Advanced Transport AnalystBiomass Analyst Europe, Middle East and Africa Portfolio Manager Company Name Urban Lime Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Cape Town Area, South Africa After my mentor and Senior Portfolio Manager left, I was thrust into the portfolio Manager position. Whilst still managing existing portfolio operations and looking for new acquisitions and development opportunities. I worked closely with the CEO and contractor. Involved heavily with financial projection and new project acquisition. Junior Portolio Manger Company Name Urban Lime Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Cape Town Area, South Africa Working alongside the Portfolio Manger. Managing existing portfolio operations, as well as look for new acquisitions and development opportunities. At Urban Lime we specialised in seeking areas we could re-urbanise and rejuvenate adding value whilst generating sustainable income. Stooge / Gap Student Company Name Bilton Grange Preparatory School Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 12 mos As a Stooge, we were require to help out with daily school activities. Helping out in the classroom, coaching sport as well as boarding house duties. Education University of Cape Town Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) Honours Field Of Study Financial Analysis & Portfolio Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Part-time honours degree (weekly night lectures and weekend lectures), while working for Urban Lime Properties. Course Modules:EconomicsAccountingStatisticsFutures, Options, DerivativesCorporate Finance and Equity ValuationFixed IncomePortfolio OptimizationSecurity Legislation University of Cape Town Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Property Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Rugby - UCT u/20 Tigers (Captain) - 2011 •Major courses: Business Finance, Economics I (macro & micro), Financial Accounting, Management Accounting, Evidence Based Management, Business Law I&II, Property Information Systems, Property Investment Maths I&II, Building Technology, Property Law, Property and Contract Law, Measurement, Valuation I, II&III, Cost Engineering, Property Finance I, II&III, Property Studies IIIB, Statistics, Management & Enterprise, Business Ethics, Professional Communications Rondebosch Boys' High School Degree Name National Senior Certificate Field Of Study Mathematics; Science; English; Afrikaans; Art; Design; Life Orientation Grade Distinctions in Maths, Art and Life Orientation Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Completed Matric with Meritorious Achievement (74% aggregate) Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 1 endorsement for Investments 1 Investments Philippa Tuckwell has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance Corporate Finance No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Finance Finance No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Justin has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Afrikaans English Interests Zenprop Property Holdings 1,319 followers BMW Group South Africa 66,145 followers SABMiller 184,976 followers Property24 2,898 followers CAIA Association 5,861 followers Swindon Property 135 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tony has a account Tony Keys Self Employed at Freelance Data Analyst and Researcher Freelance Data Analyst and Researcher University of Sunderland Matlock, Derbyshire, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Very friendly, experienced analyst who will quickly understand any data-set, and/or your research needs and will know how to make the project work for you. With the minimum of "faff"​, time wasted and expense to your company. I love helping to make it all usable, understandable and updatable for future benefit to your business.I often work with large SQL datasbases, but also love helping companies make sense of smaller datasets, your information is very powerful, you need to get it set up for easy use and study.And MS Office, in particular Excel could well be all you need, awesome software!I also love helping businesses with "help from a friendly geek"​, for expert desk research, spreadsheet tweaks, help, training and advice, marketing feedback, maybe a presentation talk through/practice with you. And this can all be done on Skype or other meeting software at your computer, no need for cost, time and hassle of face to face meetings.(I can even help set up your free Skype account!). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Tony’s Activity 602 followers Proud to be part of the team that took home 2 awards at the British Council of Offices South England & South Wales Awards Tony liked See all activity Experience Freelance Data Analyst and Researcher Company Name Freelance Data Analyst and Researcher Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Matlock, Derbyshire Owner Company Name The Data Analysts Dates Employed Nov 2003 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 7 mos The Data Analysts are a collective of independent analysts, with a wealth of experience, skills and expertise in a wide range of industries. And we are more than just Data Analysts!We are very friendly experts and mentors, who are on your side and want to help.We love to use our research, spreadsheet, database, IT, marketing, presentation, website building expertise to help to grow/support any size of business or to help develop individual skills. As "The Data Analysts" our drive is to make the business enhancing data held by companies big and small really “work” for that company. And to make it as easy and as straightforward as possible for the decision makers to get hold of and utilise that incredibly valuable information. We are great exponents of MS Office and particularly Excel, which everyone has, and everyone has a certain level of skill using. It is astonishingly powerful software; you will be shocked when you are shown the functionality within it. No new software purchases and huge training costs. It’s already in MS Office and just needs demonstrating!MS Office also works directly with SQL Databases for analysing very large datasets, and for analysing many web based data captures. The Data Analysts also have the awesome consumer data provided by the 2011 Census Data, “primed and ready”. This includes Socio-Demographic profiles, age profiles, occupations, housing type, size, and composition, even health levels by Postal Sector. We also have the B2B Companies House Data, including business SIC codes. And we know what to do with this information for effective consumer and business customer targeting.Usual workload is extensive Sales Analysis, finding cross sales opportunities for retailers and Leisure operators. As the analyst for a loyalty cards, Margin analysis, spatial analysis, location/demographic analysis, Customer Research, Customer Databases and of course ultimately “Business Data Development”. Information Officer Company Name Meadowhall Shopping Centre Dates Employed Oct 2002 – Nov 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Provided many and varied information reports not only for Meadowhall but also for several other shopping centres in the owner's portfolio and their Letting Agents: Managed and analysed company wide market research, produced regular Trading Reports, Business KPI's, demographic/catchment analysis, data modeling, trend analysis on visitor numbers and customer spend research. Advantage Card Data Analyst Company Name Boots Dates Employed Feb 2001 – Oct 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Analyst utilising customer data available from Boots Advantage Card transactions.Extensive statistical analysis of promotions and their various mechanics, sales trends, customer profiling analysis, customer targeting for Direct Mail and many other areas of study utilising the wealth of information available.I worked on projects for product categories such as Lunchtime, Photo, Healthcare, Haircare, Pure Beauty and I analysed the information available from the Boots at Sainsbury’s trial stores. Boots is a very pleasant working environment and the amount of data available to an Analyst is awesome. Business Analyst Company Name Shell Gas UK Ltd Dates Employed Oct 1998 – Feb 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Position impacted all departments and all company performance, operations and management decision makingI built an information database, which became the central source of information for the UK Company. As a consequence I had a very bright and very busy team of three Placement students and a very experienced Accountant and the scope of our projects was very broad. Amongst many other projects we built a Profitability per Customer model, built business wide KPI’s, helped set up the Shell Gas UK web site/E-Commerce proposition, extensive sales analysis and we were heavily involved in the selling of unprofitable areas of the business, and of course, the acquisition of profitable business. The training and supervision of the Analyst team, principally coaching, allocating projects, guidance and maintaining direction was key to this role and we had a great team, we all worked very closely together. It was so rewarding to see the team as enthused about projects as I always get! I believe it was a combination of trust in each other’s competencies, no barriers in the team whatsoever to project or technical discussion; we were simply very open and honest with each other. See more positions Education University of Sunderland Degree Name BA (HONS) Field Of Study Business Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 BA (Hons) Business Studies University of Sunderland Degree Name BA (HONS) Business Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 BA (Hons) Business Studies Featured Skills & Endorsements Market Research See 46 endorsements for Market Research 46 Market Research Endorsed by Thomas Piovano, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 25 endorsements for Data Analysis 25 Data Analysis Jonathan Rogers and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 23 endorsements for Business Analysis 23 Business Analysis Steve Wragg and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (6) Dina Holland Founding Director peakinsight January 18, 2012, Dina worked with Tony but at different companies Tony is a great Leader for 4N, one that is enthusiastic, hands on and really creates a great team atmosphere.. the meetings in Chesterfield are fab!Tony is someone you can trust and depend on.If you want to know what you can do with your data, to improve your business, look no further! Paul Hickman Director, Webiness UK Ltd. July 19, 2010, Paul worked with Tony but at different companies Whilst I haven't actually worked with Tony, I have seen him present and met him in person multiple times. He is a very knowledgeable and enthusiastic individual who is totally engaged and passionate about his business. When our company reaches the size where it will benefit from Tony's skill set, we will certainly have no hesitation in hiring him. Jill Turner Joined up thinking to help you retire comfortably, manage risk and protect the ones you love. December 17, 2014, Jill worked with Tony in the same group I have known Jill for a few years now, A very calm, caring, knowledgable and logical person. I recently had a query about complex circumstances regarding my elderly parents and their estate, Jill's advice was instant and perfect. Paul Curran-Bilbie Project Manager at Microtek (uk) Ltd April 5, 2013, Tony worked with Paul but at different companies I will be working with Paul over the next few months. It is amazing how our paths have not crossed until recently, our backgrounds/industries/expertise are so over-lapping, We were even both born in Northumberland! Lovely chap and very experienced in all he does, really looking forward to collaboration. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests The Cauldron 51 members Chesterfield 591 members Small Businesses in Chesterfield, Derbyshire 210 members The Data Analysts 3,773 followers University of Sunderland 59,074 followers 4Networking: Business Made Easier (Official Group) 7,182 members See all See all following
More Actions Corey has a account Corey Kuks, PMP Sr Data Analyst and PMP-certified project manager - Known for delivering innovative solutions to business problems. Steelcase Grand Valley State University Greater Grand Rapids, Michigan Area 108 108 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Functional Lead, Sr. Product Data Analyst Company Name Steelcase Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Greater Grand Rapids, Michigan Area Day to Day Tasks• Developed and executed a training plan for new contract employees• Oversaw multiple groups on process improvement initiatives including, an Idea Board, 8-step problem solving, and FMEA analysis• Troubleshot issues and followed the appropriate steps to ensure MRP was updated with the expected results• Created complex procedures and select conditions as required to make customer special orders functionSAP Plant Launch Activities• Developed specials strategy to convert inter-plant parts to work with the new model• Pre-supported specials product data to ensure a smooth transition at time of sales order conversion• Assisted in training team members in the new data model Functional Lead, Product Data Analyst Company Name Steelcase Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater Grand Rapids, Michigan Area Day to Day Tasks• Develop and train staff to work with multiple different complex data models• Monitor issues, both internal and external, and lead teams through 8-step problem solving exercises• Work with cross functional teams to address issues throughout the entire value stream.• Present process improvements gained through 8-step exercises to various areas within Steelcase as well as outside lean experts.Project Work• Work with teams to schedule special orders like standards are scheduled• 18% of all special lines now go through this process• Developed a solution to reduce shorts and splits on orders that contain purchase parts• Leading A3 to improve how special orders are scheduled by limiting non-value added communication Product Data Analyst Company Name Steelcase Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Greater Grand Rapids, Michigan Area Day to Day Tasks • Subject Matter Expert for specials product data for all of Steelcase’s steel manufacturing facilities • Trained new employees and contractors in providing database support for specials manufacturing data • Hosted a conference call three times a week with a representative from plant coding, planning, and engineering attending to go over issues that arose during the special product manufacturing process. • Acted on Engineer Change and Specials Engineering Change requests when special product data was involved • Updated reports as needed for upper management useProduct Process Change • Attended weekly conference calls to discuss progress on the project with stakeholders in the manufacturing facility • Determined the best way to cutover the existing specials product data while taking all cost and risks into consideration • Coordinated the cutover of specials data and maintained constant communication for all functional areas affected • Monitored and supported specials product data for a large customer account and ensured the cutover did not cause any delays in our promised schedule to deliver product to the customerLean Responsibilities • Actively participated in the Specials Heijunka meeting daily • Monitored and updated the specials product data management visual control board Madrid SAP Go-Live • Stabilized the backlog of specials in the process • Analyzed and provided recommendations on their current processes and assisted in creating a documented process map Professional Consultant Company Name Steelcase (Experis/Manpower Group) Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Wyoming, Michigan Day to Day Tasks • Subject matter expert of one manufacturing facility • Created materials masters, BOMs, and routings in a SAP manufacturing environment • Analyzed existing material structures and ensured the coding and structure were correct and updated the information as needed • Troubleshot issues that arose in the manufacturing process and ensured they were solved quickly to prevent any negative customer experiences • Performed multiple rotation tasks that were required to facilitate day to day business operations • Maintained work instruction as neededPlant Move Project • Attended meeting to coordinate the process of the data move; this included planning possible test orders, how to support designs ahead of go live, and discussion of possible issues that could potentially happen during go live • Pre-supported data to ensure there were no disruptions to customer orders and provide support for any issues that arose • Compiled data from reports and distributed to various business functions Patient Transport, Dispatcher Company Name Spectrum Health Hospitals Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs • Obtained and accurately entered patient data into a computer database• Efficiently dispatched staff to ensure the timely transportation of all patients• Continually monitored staff in order to coordinate the transport process.• Demonstrated knowledge of companywide policies and ensured staff followed proper protocol• Developed strong interpersonal communication skills interacting with 100+ employees and management • Transported patients according to department, company and federal standards to ensure patient safety• Attended departmental meeting and performed required continuing education Education Grand Valley State University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Business Administration; Management Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Treasurer, GVSU Cycling Club SAP Student Recognition Award Featured Skills & Endorsements SAP See 5 endorsements for SAP 5 SAP David VanderMolen and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills MIS See 2 endorsements for MIS 2 MIS Abigail Kuks (Gibson) and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 2 endorsements for Data Analysis 2 Data Analysis Abigail Kuks (Gibson) and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Corey has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Project Management Professional (PMP) Corey has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization WMPMI Interests Grand Valley State University 88,728 followers Grand Valley State University 85,944 followers Spectrum Health 29,892 followers LinkedUp Grand Rapids 21,244 members Project Manager Community - Best Group for Project Management 410,179 members Data Analyst Forum 13,529 members See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Hugel Senior Analyst Manager at Capital One Financial Capital One University of Waterloo Toronto, Canada Area 271 271 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Regulatory Processes, Anti Money Laundering Know Your Customer processes, PCMLTFA/R, Process Management, Portfolio Analytics, Agile, Analytic Infrastructure, SAS, Data Warehouse Architecture, SQL (Oracle & Teradata) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Analyst Manager - Regulatory Operations Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos As the leader of the Regulatory Operations team I am responsible for designing, implementing and overseeing Capital One Canada's key regulatory processes. This includes demonstrating to Auditors and Federal Regulators that these processes meet regulatory requirements. Key responsibilities include:- Ownership of AML (Anti-Money Laundering) KYC (Know-Your-Customer) processes for Capital One Canada- Oversight of interactions with Credit Bureaus including contracting and data exchangesSince January 2013 I have am also been responsible for overseeing operating expenses for the Horizontal Operations Division (budget: $10-100 million). This includes driving clarity and effective decision-making across: Print, Postage, Plastics, Statements and Credit Bureaus. Annual savings of $1-10 million have been identified so far by increasing efficiency without impacting services or operations. Senior Data Analyst Manager - HBC Conversion Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos During 2011 and the first half of 2012 I was part of the team responsible for the acquisition and integration of the HBC (Hudson's Bay Company) credit card portfolio. As the leader of the HBC Data Analyst Team I was responsible for data warehouse conversion, the design and implementation of a Partnership Data Warehouse, conversion of reporting and the execution of campaigns to prepare customers for the conversion. Senior Data Analyst Manager - Canada DA Team Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos During 2009 and 2010 I lead the entire Canada Data Analyst Team. My responsibilities included: setting priorities for where to deliver simple solutions and where to deliver fungible solutions, developmental objectives for the team and continued leadership of the Reporting, Execution and Data Stewardship team. The Canada DA Team included 20-30 local people and 5 in India.My biggest project was the creation of Anti-Money Laundering Know-Your-Customer processes for the Canada line of business. During the second half of 2010 and first half of 2011 Canada's processes were revamped significantly and I lead the team that designed and implemented those processes. The processes we developed in 2010 are still in effect through 2013. Data Analyst Manager - Reporting, Execution & Data Stewardship Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos During the first half of 2007 I created the business case for, obtained buy-in for and staffed a team of Data Analysts who were responsible for Reporting, Execution and Data Stewardship across the Canada business. As a horizontal team we designed and implemented complex reporting suites, executed all customer contact campaigns and ensured the data quality of analytic data for the Canada business.In creating this team I was able to shrink the headcount dedicated to customer contact campaigns by 50% while simultaneously increasing throughput by 25% and maintaining great quality. This was accomplished by dramatically re-engineering processes with a focus on simplicity and quality. Data Analyst - HELIX Migration Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos During this time I was dedicated to Capital One's HELIX project. This was a project to completely replace the Card-Holder system for our credit card portfolios. I had two major roles on this project. My first responsibility was for ensuring the project delivered on all of the Canada business' analytic requirements especially where Canadian requirements were different from the US. My second responsibility was to ensure that all of Canada's data processes were updated to function on the new infrastructure. This required creating a project plan, business case and staffing approval for a conversion effort that required 50% of all Data Analyst bandwidth over 9 months. See more positions Education University of Waterloo Degree Name BMath Field Of Study General Math Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 16 endorsements for Analytics 16 Analytics Martyn Vitale and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 10 endorsements for SAS 10 SAS Richard Hugel and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 10 endorsements for Business Analysis 10 Business Analysis Emil Taimazov and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Sheeraz Ullah Data Scientist July 28, 2013, Mark managed Sheeraz directly Sheeraz uses solid technical skills and a passion for doing the right thing to deliver fantastic business solutions. Two of Sheeraz' areas of expertise that I have leveraged are business intelligence and automation. He has taken cumbersome reporting systems and turned them into solutions that are easy and cheap to maintain. He has also demonstrated an ability to do this with data movement in areas well beyond his normal role. On top of this he has an incredible passion for ensuring that his business customers get what they need. In his role has had to deal with upstream breakdowns that impact his work and in each of these instances he identifies the root cause of the issue and works to resolve it even if it is outside his sphere of control. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,177 followers University of Waterloo 172,041 followers University of Waterloo 23,214 members Capital One 285,890 followers University of Waterloo 179,471 followers Capital One Alumni Network 12,103 members
More Actions Alan has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Alan Huddart Data Analyst at Monica Vinader Ltd Monica Vinader Ltd University of Newcastle-upon-Tyne London, United Kingdom 401 401 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Currently working for Monica Vinader as a Data Analyst, leading a project to implement a new reporting system, review all current reporting and developing real-time reporting of existing systems.Previously a BI & Analytics Consultant with Thorogood Associates, working with a variety of technologies and clients. Developments included a Claims Reporting Dashboard for a Lloyd's Market Insurance firm using QlikView. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Monica Vinader Ltd Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location London, United Kingdom BI & Analytics Consultant Company Name Thorogood Associates Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Ealing, London Consultant trained in the Microsoft stack, QlikView, Tableau and other BI tools. Education University of Newcastle-upon-Tyne Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Business Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 University of Groningen Degree Name Exchange Placement Field Of Study International Business Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Workington Sixth Form Centre Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 9 endorsements for Business Intelligence 9 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Haneesh Iqbal and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Alan’s colleagues at Thorogood Associates Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 4 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 4 Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by Ankita Das and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Alan’s colleagues at Thorogood Associates Click and drag to reorder skills Tableau See 4 endorsements for Tableau 4 Tableau Endorsed by 4 of Alan’s colleagues at Thorogood Associates Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Franco Amorosi Account Strategist @ Google May 26, 2011, Franco and Alan were students together Alan was the team leader of our Project Management Course group. During that period he prooved to be a resposible, motivated and results-oriented team player. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alan has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications QlikView 11 Designer QlikView 11 Developer Alan has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Claims Reporting Dashboard Interests Alumni of Newcastle University 16,179 members University of Groningen 136,587 followers SAP 955,918 followers Oracle 2,119,650 followers University of Groningen 13,417 members Qlik 79,554 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vikash has a account Vikash Jha Data Analyst at Toluna India Pvt ltd Toluna India Pvt ltd Manonmaniam Sundaranar University South West Delhi, Delhi, India 415 415 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent To prove myself dedicated and worth full in a progressive organization, that gives me scope to apply my thoughts and skills and be a member of the team that dynamically works towards the development of the Organization. Obtain a challenging position, applying creative problem solving and lean management skills with a growing company to achieve optimum utilization of its resources and maximum profits. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Toluna India Pvt ltd Data Analyst Company Name Toluna Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Gurgoan Responsibilities: I am working as a Data analyst at Toluna India Pvt ltd from October 2013 till date. Working on SPSS, excel, quantum validation, reporting, Analysis of the survey and providing the proper and accurate feedback for the same. Outstanding problem solving, strategic thinking and data analysis skills, strong focus on teamwork and achieving team goals, result oriented, fast learner. Media (1) This position has 1 media Vikash_CV_01-Mar-14_05-57-20 Vikash_CV_01-Mar-14_05-57-20 This media is a document Education Manonmaniam Sundaranar University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Computer Science Grade A+ Topper from the centre Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Batch leader and topper of my batch. Rose Public School Degree Name 10+2 Field Of Study Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Anchor Event handler Aptech Volunteer Experience Lead volunteer of Shiamaik Dabar Company Name Delhi NCR Dates volunteered Jul 2010 – Sep 2012 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 3 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 11 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 11 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 2 of Vikash’s colleagues at Toluna Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 8 endorsements for Research 8 Research Sonu Pandey and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word See 8 endorsements for Microsoft Word 8 Microsoft Word Sonu Pandey and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Vikash has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Maithili Vikash has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification ACCP Vikash has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course ACCP Vikash has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Aptech Interests Hindustan Times 295,163 followers Productivity 5,046,498 followers Modi for PM (BJP Samvad Cell Delhi Pradesh) 6,160 members Law & Government 4,506,741 followers Dubai Jobs & Careers | UAE | Middle East [Biggest Group] 275,922 members Lou AdlerLou Adler is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO, best-selling author, created Performance-based Hiring. Recent book: The Essential Guide for Hiring & Getting Hired 1,111,281 followers See all See all following
More Actions Qiang has a account Qiang He Data Analyst at National University of Singapore National University of Singapore National University of Singapore Singapore 37 37 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name National University of Singapore Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Singapore Work with the Director with the collection, analysis, visualisation of research and education data and presentation of analytical results for regular and ad-hoc reporting purposes to meet multiple information requirements of the various stakeholders of the university.• Research, collect, analyse and report on key indicators, for both regular and ad-hoc reporting purposes.• Program and develop depositories and system for accessing regular reports by key stakeholders.• Develop visualizations and presentations for dissemination of analytical results and derivation of actionable insight.• Create detailed reports on data sources, methodology, analytical techniques, analytical results and insights for stakeholders. Research Assistant Company Name National University of Singapore Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Singapore • Contribute to the MAS funded project “Equity Market Microstructure and High Frequency Trading in Singapore” • Work with principal investigator to develop unsupervised dimension reduction method.• Propose penalized factor analysis method. Teaching Assistant Company Name National University of Singapore Dates Employed Jan 2012 – May 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Singapore • Tutored statistics for life sciences (Department of Statistics) 2011-2012• Tutored Business Analytics: Data and Decisions (School of Business) 2012-2015• Tutored 4 classes of 30 students each, 1 session per week• Provided consultation for projects about Singapore COE price forecasting with Excel and SASTeaching Assistant:Term Structure and Interest Rate Derivatives (MFE) 2013-2014Equity Products and Exotics (MFE) 2013-2014 Summer Internship Company Name Blackhorse Asset Management Dates Employed May 2010 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Singapore • In-house system maintenance and upgrade (VBA based)a) Integrated domestic and foreign portfolio with FX hedging database b) VBA application to filter listed companies with preferred BS, P&Lc) VBA macro to integrate the function of backup daily trading transactions, updating portfolio information, P&L generation and informing clients and associates. • Market data analysis• Prepare performance report Education National University of Singapore Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Statistics and Applied Probability Grade Thesis: Extract Essential Factors from High Dimensional Big Data Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 PhD in statistics with focus on quantitative finance. President Graduate Fellowship, 2011-2015Humbolt Talent Travel Award, 2014 National University of Singapore Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Quantitative Finance Grade 4.6/5 Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: NUS E-Gaming, Latex -Graduate with honors, first major in quantitative finance, second major in statistics and minor in computer science. - Undergraduate scholarship by MOE- Meritorious award, International Mathematical Modeling Competition, 2010 Skills Matlab Matlab Click and drag to reorder skills VBA VBA Click and drag to reorder skills SAS SAS Click and drag to reorder skills R R Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Qiang has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese (Simplified) English Qiang has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA level 1 Qiang has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Risk Related Brain Regions Detection and Individual Risk Classication with 3D Image FPCA Interests Gunvor Group Ltd 18,745 followers Big Cloud 15,176 followers Murex 29,156 followers Dentsu Aegis Network Asia Pacific 22,627 followers Centre for Quantitative Finance, NUS 412 members Great Eastern Life 39,003 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andreea has a account Andreea Lupascu Data Analyst Bucharest, Romania 122 122 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name ALTEN Romania Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Bukarest, Rumänien Working through Alten within the Renault Technologie Roumanie client, as a sub-contractor, in the School of Engineering department (July 2016-March 2017) and within the Technical Documentation Department (April 2017- present ) ;My main responsibilities were:-Handling reports and data analysis regarding the School of Engineering department (Charge et Resources de Competences):-data analysis regarding the quality of trainings;-data analysis regarding the competence of trainers;-creating and constantly updating the team-leader data base;-data clean-up for the appraisal platform (Skilling Up platform which contained the results and objectives for every employee);-numerous reports in Microsoft Excel regarding the school of Engineering main activities, depending on management needs;- creating and working with Microsoft Excel macros in order to create an interactive Excel interface for the trainings available for Renault Employees;- Creating macros in VBA for the Technical Documentation Department, in order to manage the multimedia order database, which we created based on XML reports extracted from an online tool(orders for different types of radios, speakers, for the cars);-Very familiar with pivot tables, pivot graphs, mathematical and logical functions in Excel;-Medium knowledge of Excel VBA; Renewal Specialist Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos - Responsible for ensuring the successful renewal of Support Service Contracts for existing small/medium-sized customers (accounts between $0 and $100.000) in the assigned territory (USA and Canada);- Detailed research on all the accounts/customers I am responsible for in the assigned territory;- Detailed analysis on different offers, so that our customers would easily see the benefits explained in each one;- Account management;- Customer retention; Retention Specialist Company Name Bitdefender Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos - International customer retention and commercial support for antivirus products (via email and phone);-providing retention training to new-hires; - creating personalized offers for our customers in order to maintain them as customers;- achieving (and overcoming) daily, monthly and yearly targets (monetary and quality related targets);- handling retention calls;-following up with the e-commerce providers (such as our online payment processors) and handling any issues involving payments during or after purchases;- handling requests and maintaining constant connections with the firm’s business partners;- teamwork; Customer Service Rep Company Name Computer Generated Solutions Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo -offering a quality customer service;-placing orders for all the company owned products;-replacing all the defective devices and also the ones that didn't meet the customers'​ needs, helping customers in deciding what suites them best;-activation and deactivation of IDEN and CDMA devices (the 2 networks that Sprint deices work on) - basic tech support such as manual device programming;-detailed research on all accounts, identifying the source of the problem and the department that generated it;-follow-ups on accounts that have persisting issues;-resolving billing issues;-handling payments. Education Academy of Economic Studies (Bucharest)- University of Accounting and Management Information Systems Degree Name Major in Financial Analysis and Evaluation Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Grade 10 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Activities and Societies: None Financial Analysis and Business Evaluation Academy Of Economic Studies (Bucharest)- University of Agro-Food and Environmental Economics Degree Name Bachelor's degree in Economics Field Of Study Major in Ecological Economics Grade Bachelor's degree 9.33 and Major 10 Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Sesiune de comunicari an 2011 Economic Studies, Environmental studies in economic context. Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 7 endorsements for Microsoft Office 7 Microsoft Office Lupascu Alexandru and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 7 endorsements for Customer Service 7 Customer Service Silviu Diac and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CRM See 5 endorsements for CRM 5 CRM Ionut Basamac and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Andreea has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests ALTEN Romania 1,096 followers Technology 20,768,607 followers IBM Job Openings 1,979 members Big Data 5,065,125 followers Bitdefender OEM and Technology Licensing 565 followers Academia de Studii Economice din București 71,751 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eugene has a account Eugene Skovorodnikov Programmer Analyst at The University of British Columbia The University of British Columbia Northumbria University Vancouver, Canada Area 92 92 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Programmer Analyst Company Name The University of British Columbia Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Vancouver, Canada Area Information Technology Department, Audio Visual Services &Infrastructure Development, Records Section:Document Control, Laserfiche programming. Senior Administrator / Document Control Company Name Formation Metals Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2010 – May 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Assisted Senior VP Risk Management and VP Corporate Communication with the development and maintenance of the company’s document archives, risk management activities and communication with law firms:Organized the company’s archive and electronic database, equipped with a quick and efficient search engine, created a file naming convention and the supporting software;Created presentations, press releases, corporate video presentations and other communication materials for web based outlets and industry events;Managed the content and updates of the company’s websites and social media accounts;Assisted Executive team as needed and assisted with management of corporate head office. Contract Administrator / Document Control Company Name CHE International Co. Dates Employed 2008 – 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Vancouver/Abbotsford, BC Conducting document control and business analysis;Involved in negotiations and contractual work with foreign firms and companies;Successfully organized and participated in 2010 Olympics-related events including Cross Nation’s Point Project (sports veterans meetings, several press conferences, business meetings, etc.).Prepared market research and business analysis reports;Client database support/verification;Acted as a key participant in procurement contracts with the U.S. Government and Military, won the U.S. Government bid and obtained a Distribution & Pricing Agreement (DAPA) for the company, which resulted in a long-term contract on orthopedic supplies to 23 major NATO medical facilities;Established business relations with various manufacturing companies across the U.S. and Canada. Data Analyst Company Name Business Objects Dates Employed 2007 – 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Vancouver Conducted client service/support and on-line research;Responsible for ERP data analysis, processing, conversion/migration and client database verification;Tested SQL querying, data scripting for complex requests, data corrections/reporting;Provided complex IT and tech support for major American companies Standards Specialist, Head of Dept. of Standards Company Name Severstal Dates Employed 1999 – 2006 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Russia Document control and quality assurance functions;Initiated and implemented a corporate database of International Standards;Took part in preparation of documentation for ISO and Lloyd’s Certification;Achieved first place in employees’ rating and was sent to England to study business course (MBA);Acted as a key participant in document production and control procedures;Supervised business analysis, quality management, operational support, technology system conversion, international standardization, auditing, corporate database support. Education Northumbria University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Knowledge Management, ICES Certified Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 Vologda State University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Linguistics / Document Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Volunteer Experience Interpreter/Translator Company Name VANOC Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategic Planning See 6 endorsements for Strategic Planning 6 Strategic Planning Tibor Vincze M. Sc. and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy See 6 endorsements for Business Strategy 6 Business Strategy Diane Mann and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Negotiation See 6 endorsements for Negotiation 6 Negotiation Dino Mehmedi and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Lorenz Vauck Owner, XARC Mastering - The Online CD & Vinyl (Pre-)Mastering Studio, and Mastering Specialist September 23, 2010, Eugene was a client of Lorenz’s Accomplishments Eugene has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Formation Metals - Video Update Formation Metals - Video Update Eugene has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification International Letters of Credit Eugene has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Russian Interests MusicBiz 127,827 members Music Royalties - ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, SoundExchange, and More 12,397 members Northumbria University 102,533 followers CharmedLife.TV Media & Entertainment 53,017 members Northumbria University 99,007 followers eCobalt Solutions Inc. 386 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dennis has a account Dennis Jones Sr. Business Systems Analyst Northwestern Mutual Milwaukee Area Technical College Greater Milwaukee Area 166 166 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Summary of Experience:I am a Business Systems Analyst. I am a self starter with excellent communication, analytical, problem solving, critical and creative thinking skills. I have experience in analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, training and support of IT solutions ranging from implementation of packaged solutions, custom software development and business intelligence and reporting. I’m looking for a challenging and rewarding career opportunity in providing business partners the right IT solutions having the right information in the right format at the right time to achieve great outcomes.Skills include but not limited to; Providing process mapping for current state vs future state for process workflow re-design for automation, elimination and or rearrangement of tasks resulting in reduced cycle times, improved timeliness and accuracy of data.Capturing and documenting business requirements, business rules, data mapping and data flows for development and or integration of IT systems and business intelligence and reporting, Performing data mining, data analysis and data cleansing for improved data quality and integrity.Assisting in the development and testing of test case scenarios. Knowledge Areas: ERP / CRM / TMS / HCM / EHR Systems Query Tools (SQL, OLAP, ODBC)Data Warehousing Concepts, BI Tools - Cognos, Crystal ReportsMS Office; Word, Excel, Access, Project, PowerPoint, Visio See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Analyst (via Codeworks, Inc.) Company Name Northwestern Mutual Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Milwaukee Area Fulfilled role as lead Business Analyst for eliciting business requirements and data analysis for Data Strategy track for capturing data definitions of data extracts from cloud based Talent Management System (Success Factors) for input into design and build of a local Operational Data Store (ODS).Functioned at various levels: Data Analysis (detail), Project (deliverables, schedule and scope), Program (Inter-dependencies) and Data Integration (modeling, development, test) Assisted Project Manager to understand and monitor project scope, document risks, issues and analysis of change requests. Populated Information Dictionary (aka data dictionary) utilizing organizations process assets (System Configuration Workbooks, User Guides, Business Requirements Documents) to capture the ‘business definitions’ for all extracted data elements.Created data relationship diagrams to facilitate conceptual data modeling with project stakeholders (I.e. Sponsors, SME’s, Information Architects, Designers/Developers, Testers). Sr. Business Systems Analyst Company Name DDN Dates Employed Nov 2010 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Order to Cash, Analyzed and designed new reporting services for Invoicing using newer technologies (SSIS, SSRS .Net), Developed and coordinated unit testing for upgrade to legacy Financial Service Applications, conducted data mining and data analysis projects in Logistics using t-SQL/MSSMS 2008/Excel to extract data to reduce overall freight spend. Media (1) This position has 1 media Dohmen Life Science Services (formerly DDN) Dohmen Life Science Services (formerly DDN) This media is a link IT Technology Services Specialist Company Name UW-Department Of Information & Technology (Doit) Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Contract position as a Sr. Business Analyst within the UW DoIT / EIS/ Middleware Group. Working on an Oracle IAM (Identity and Access Management) implementation. Data Mapping of Identity Person Hub attributes from legacy HR system to new PeopleSoft HCM system, eliciting user requirements for Identity and Access Management and creating test cases.Additional departmental process improvement initiatives for issue and service request tracking system using Atlassian Open source Confluence Wiki and Jira software. Sr. Business Systems Analyst Company Name Dorner Mfg Corp Dates Employed 1996 – 2008 Employment Duration 12 yrs Responsible for developing vision for enterprise-wide processes, providing systems and technology leadership, implementation and support of ERP, CRM, TMS and BI applications in Sales, Operations, Finance, Engineering, and Administration. Managed outside software programming resources.Workwise TCM (Effective Management Systems) , Epicor, Sage Abra HR, RateLinX, Crystal Reports. Product Manager Company Name Harris Data Dates Employed 1988 – 1996 Employment Duration 8 yrs A privately held developer of integrated ERP software solutions. Directed and coordinated product development for the Manufacturing suite including design, programming, testing and documentation; providing pre-sales support, assisting with RFI’s, and Sales team product training. Also provided post sales support consisting of ERP application training, project management and implementation, client account management, consulting and support . See more positions Education Milwaukee Area Technical College Degree Name Advanced HIT Pro Certification Field Of Study Health Information Technology Grade A Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 I have completed a professional certification training program in Health Information Technology at MATC and passed the National HIT Pro Certification exam. This certification program was sponsored by Health Human Services (HHS) and the Office National Coordinator (ONC) under the HITECH Affordable Care Act. This was a six month 12 credit college level course program rolled out at 83 college campuses across the country. Recently The Commission on Certification for Health Informatics and Information Management (CCHIIM) has announced that HIT-Pro competency exams will convert to AHIMA Certified Healthcare Technology Specialist (CHTS-PW) credentials, effective July 2013.We learned the skills necessary to assess business process workflows, recommend improvements that increase the quality and efficiency of patient care, and to work collaboratively with providers to implement those changes. University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Business Admin & Production Operations Mngmt/Technology Activities and Societies: UW Marchng Band, Madison Scouts Drum & Bugle Corp. (Member & Instructor) Part time employment during school at Frito-Lay, Coca-Cola, Milwaukee Steel. Featured Skills & Endorsements Visio See 17 endorsements for Visio 17 Visio Jeff Mackey and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 13 endorsements for Business Intelligence 13 Business Intelligence Karen Beranek Ochs and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills ERP See 10 endorsements for ERP 10 ERP Peggy Luedke and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dennis has 6 courses 6 Expand courses section Courses EHR Managment Infomation Systems / Configiration EHR Project Management EHR Quality Improvement EHR Workflow Process Analysis and Redesign Health Infomation Technology EHR Systems Requirements Quest Interests University of Wisconsin-Madison 278,238 followers Pulse 1,535,177 followers HarrisData 160 followers Informatics for Consumer Health 1,195 members Wisconsin Business Alumni ® (Official) 9,970 members Milwaukee Area Technical College 37,919 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eugene has a account Eugene Skovorodnikov Programmer Analyst at The University of British Columbia The University of British Columbia Northumbria University Vancouver, Canada Area 92 92 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Programmer Analyst Company Name The University of British Columbia Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Vancouver, Canada Area Information Technology Department, Audio Visual Services &Infrastructure Development, Records Section:Document Control, Laserfiche programming. Senior Administrator / Document Control Company Name Formation Metals Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2010 – May 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Assisted Senior VP Risk Management and VP Corporate Communication with the development and maintenance of the company’s document archives, risk management activities and communication with law firms:Organized the company’s archive and electronic database, equipped with a quick and efficient search engine, created a file naming convention and the supporting software;Created presentations, press releases, corporate video presentations and other communication materials for web based outlets and industry events;Managed the content and updates of the company’s websites and social media accounts;Assisted Executive team as needed and assisted with management of corporate head office. Contract Administrator / Document Control Company Name CHE International Co. Dates Employed 2008 – 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Vancouver/Abbotsford, BC Conducting document control and business analysis;Involved in negotiations and contractual work with foreign firms and companies;Successfully organized and participated in 2010 Olympics-related events including Cross Nation’s Point Project (sports veterans meetings, several press conferences, business meetings, etc.).Prepared market research and business analysis reports;Client database support/verification;Acted as a key participant in procurement contracts with the U.S. Government and Military, won the U.S. Government bid and obtained a Distribution & Pricing Agreement (DAPA) for the company, which resulted in a long-term contract on orthopedic supplies to 23 major NATO medical facilities;Established business relations with various manufacturing companies across the U.S. and Canada. Data Analyst Company Name Business Objects Dates Employed 2007 – 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Vancouver Conducted client service/support and on-line research;Responsible for ERP data analysis, processing, conversion/migration and client database verification;Tested SQL querying, data scripting for complex requests, data corrections/reporting;Provided complex IT and tech support for major American companies Standards Specialist, Head of Dept. of Standards Company Name Severstal Dates Employed 1999 – 2006 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Russia Document control and quality assurance functions;Initiated and implemented a corporate database of International Standards;Took part in preparation of documentation for ISO and Lloyd’s Certification;Achieved first place in employees’ rating and was sent to England to study business course (MBA);Acted as a key participant in document production and control procedures;Supervised business analysis, quality management, operational support, technology system conversion, international standardization, auditing, corporate database support. Education Northumbria University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Knowledge Management, ICES Certified Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 Vologda State University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Linguistics / Document Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Volunteer Experience Interpreter/Translator Company Name VANOC Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategic Planning See 6 endorsements for Strategic Planning 6 Strategic Planning Tibor Vincze M. Sc. and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy See 6 endorsements for Business Strategy 6 Business Strategy Diane Mann and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Negotiation See 6 endorsements for Negotiation 6 Negotiation Dino Mehmedi and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Lorenz Vauck Owner, XARC Mastering - The Online CD & Vinyl (Pre-)Mastering Studio, and Mastering Specialist September 23, 2010, Eugene was a client of Lorenz’s Accomplishments Eugene has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Formation Metals - Video Update Formation Metals - Video Update Eugene has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification International Letters of Credit Eugene has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Russian Interests SRB Education Solutions Inc. (Acquired by PowerSchool) 668 followers Pulse 1,535,177 followers Solaris MCI 6,274 followers MusicBiz 127,827 members Cruise Experts Travel 667 followers The Original Cakerie 2,983 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yubo has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Yubo (Neil) Yang MS in Business Analytics - NUS | Data Analyst Intern - Lenovo 联想 National University of Singapore Singapore 155 155 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Intern Company Name 联想 Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Singapore Business Analyst Company Name Jules Ventures Pte Ltd Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Singapore Founder Company Name Botong Device Shop Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location 中国 Assistant Engineer & Project manager Company Name COSCO SHIPYARD Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location China Education National University of Singapore Degree Name Master of Science in Business Analytics Field Of Study Business Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 National University of Defense Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (BE) Field Of Study Command Automation Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Swimming team; Taiquandao Club; Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis Business Analysis No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills System Automation System Automation No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Information Systems Information Systems No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Yubo has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses ANALYTICS IN MANAGERIAL ECONOMICS Big Data Analytics Technology DATA MANAGEMENT AND WAREHOUSING DATA-DRIVEN MARKETING DECISION MAKING TECHNOLOGIES DETERMINISTIC OPERATIONS RESEARCH MODELS STATISTICS Yubo has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages 中文 英语 Yubo has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Research of Application of Intellectualized Technology in Electronic Engineering and Automation Research of Safeguard Mechanism of Ship Electric Automation System Stability Yubo has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score Graduate Management Admission Test Interests 国防科技大学 3,367 followers National University of Singapore 207,455 followers Kansai Paint ME 8,565 followers Pan Pacific Hotels Group 30,266 followers Lenovo 304,278 followers National University of Singapore 186,454 followers See all See all following
More Actions Holly has a account Holly Heglin Senior Manager Personal Lending Analytics at TD TD York University Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an analytics and strategy professional with deep mathematical and technical expertise. I specialize in developing strategy to solve business problems with data and advanced analytics. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Holly’s Activity 637 followers Daniela’s photo Holly liked Redrawing the lines: FinTechs growing influence on Financial Services Holly liked See all activity Experience Senior Manager, Business Insight Analysis, Personal Lending Analytics Company Name TD Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location 77 king street west Analytics strategy to support personal lending. Manager, Analytics Company Name PwC Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Leading teams to develop workforce analytics and customer strategy offerings. Manager, Consumer Business Company Name Deloitte Canada Dates Employed May 2015 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location 181 Bay Street Consumer Growth Practice-strategic analytics and modelling. Risk Analytics Team Company Name PwC Dates Employed Sep 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Risk and Analytics. Practice focused on merging risk and analytics strategies to better manage risk across any business unit.While at PwC, I have built dashboards and provided analytics solutions in a range of sectors: government, mining, financial services, retail and covering a range of applications such as operational and financial risk, outlier detection, profit depletion, deferred financing models, internal audit, reporting methodologies and various controls related analysis. I have also developed and taught an internal cross line of service course in dash boarding with positive impact as well as used my networking and relationship building skills to connect with a wide group of people thus being able to market my skills and the expertise of my team. Business Analyst (contract) Company Name TELUS Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Responsible for various data/big data related projects. Analysis including evaluation of forecasting model, user data for business/marketing strategy purposes, tracking of project lifecycle and research for business case study. See more positions Education York University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Mathematics (Algebraic Combinatorics) Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Mentor to undergraduate students gaining introduction in the field of combinatorics. My dissertation is a collection of technical results in the theory of reflection groups. I have employed many methods of data collection and pattern recognition to analyze the properties of elements in a specific affine space.In essence, I show that a particular group which is built from reflections in a geometric space contains 'building block' elements into which all other elements factor. There is also a combinatorial interpretation of these factorizations; that is, elements in the affine space can be uniquely represented by simple subsets of integers. York University Degree Name Ma Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Activities and Societies: I've been an active member of the algebraic combinatorics group, acting as mentor to new students and panelist at undergraduate student seminar, project and reading course presentations. Masters degree in pure mathematics; algebraic combinatorics. Thesis: "Asymptotics of the Plancherel Measure on the Symmetric Group and the Limit Form of Young Tableaux". Media (1) This position has 1 media draft 08:01:08 draft 08:01:08 This media is a document York University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Honors Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Beyond academic responsibilities, I have been an active member of the York University graduate student community; networking with graduate students in other disciplines by attending their seminars and events, organizing social events for mathematics students and alumni. I worked for three years towards a statistics degree at University of Calgary before moving to York University and switching to applied mathematics. Prior to this I took three years of general undergraduate courses ranging from political science, philosophy and history to biology and chemistry. I took a minor in philosophy, including many logic courses. Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 14 endorsements for Research 14 Research Endorsed by Eric Ens, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Holly’s colleagues at Spirit of Math Schools Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Teaching See 9 endorsements for Teaching 9 Teaching Endorsed by Kim Langen, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 9 endorsements for Public Speaking 9 Public Speaking Ikjyot Singh Kohli and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) David Craig Partner at PwC, CRISC, ICD.D August 18, 2015, David was senior to Holly but didn’t manage directly Holly is a breath of fresh air. Always injecting enthusiasm and energy into every conversation and project. Whether it was an industry-based conversation, or really understanding Data Analytics, she could be counted upon to add value with clients - external and internal. Great addition to any team. Neil Hepburn Manager at PwC June 8, 2015, Neil worked with Holly in different groups I worked with Holly at PwC Canada over an 8 month period.Holly was able to internalize a fairly complex undertaking: Namely, learning and mastering a modern Data Prep and Data Viz tool along with modern Agile Analytics techniques.By doing this, Holly was able to extend the (b)leading edge of Analytics into PwC's audit group (from the Information Management practice).To this end, Holly also designed and taught a new course for this tool.It is challenging to find people with the technical and contemplative depth like Holly to begin with, and it is even rarer to find someone who can affect an air of sprezzatura while dealing with inherently complex tasks. This is to be commended since analytics requires extended periods of focus and concentration. Holly's calmness and cheery attitude in these situations is valuable and will serve Holly well in a leadership role. Joanna Boniecka-Grzelak, MSc, CPA, CMA, CIA Graphic Design Student | Certified Health Coach | Business Professional September 24, 2015, Joanna was senior to Holly but didn’t manage directly I worked with Joanna while developing dashboards for AR/AP reporting and investigation. Having no accounting background, Joanna was my go-to. Not only was Joanna willing to help when asked, she took the time and had the patience to explain concepts multiple times if necessary and also followed up to see that I had understood.Joanna is absolutely one of the top reasons I loved working at PwC. She is a great coach and teacher and also a life-long learner, always discussing with me the new courses she was taking and new things she was learning.I would work with Joanna anytime! "Taimour Zaman"​ Help companies leverage proven lead generation technologies & sales programs to drive revenue growth June 22, 2014, Holly worked with "Taimour but at different companies Taimour has done a fantastic job helping me to network within the business community while transitioning from academia to industry. He provided me with contacts and advice and also followed up on my job search progress; ultimately helping me secure an interview at a large firm I am interested in working for. His sincerity, professionalism and guidance is very much appreciated! Accomplishments Holly has 11 courses 11 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Algebra Combinatorics Complex Analysis Functional Analysis General Statistics I & II Measure Theory Monte Carlo Methods Partial Differential Equations Probability Theory Real Analysis Holly has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects Affine Schubert Calculus Workshop Combinatorial Algebra Meets Algebraic Combinatorics 2011, 12, 13 Ontario Combinatorics Workshop Sage days 20.5, 30, 38, 40 Workshop on Schubert Polynomials Holly has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Asymptotics of the Plancherel Measure of the Symmetric Group and the Limit Form of Young Tableaux Interests SQL Power Group Inc. 580 followers Leadership & Management 24,848,128 followers CONTAX Inc. 7,309 followers Arianna HuffingtonArianna Huffington is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Thrive Global 5,256,596 followers Neilsen Company 1,099 followers PwC Canada 37,824 followers See all See all following
More Actions Debarati has a account Debarati Dutta Senior Analyst - Research & Development at RSA RSA University of Madras Toronto, Canada Area 250 250 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent An analytics professional with more than 4 years experience in data analytics, strategic analytics, predictive modeling, data mining, pattern recognition and providing analytical solutions to business problems in e-commerce, retail, telecom, social media and insurance. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Analyst - Research & Development Company Name RSA Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Toronto, Canada Area Data Science Mentor Company Name Springboard Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Mentor for the online course "Foundations of Data Science". Senior Analyst Company Name Antuit Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India Performed social media analysis of beauty brands by mining their Facebook and Twitter data.Carried out secondary research on marketing analytics techniques and leading business intelligence tools and techniques to recommend solutions based on client's needs. Data Analyst Company Name Netlink Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Delhi Area, India Member of the Data Science (R & D) team at Netlink.Provided end-to-end analytical solutions to client's business problems in verticals such as retail and telecom.Implemented solutions like churn prediction model, behavior-based segmentation model, Sales prediction model and sentiment analysis model. Catalog Specialist Company Name Amazon Dates Employed May 2012 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India Designed strategic analytics solutions to scale operational processes at Amazon. Proposed statistical and machine learning solutions to improve data quality in Amazon catalog. See more positions Education University of Madras Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Field Of Study Econometrics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Oikos International University of Calcutta Degree Name Post Graduate Diploma Field Of Study Applied Economics and Information Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2009 University of Calcutta Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Mathematics Grade Honors Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 3 endorsements for Machine Learning 3 Machine Learning Endorsed by 2 of Debarati’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills R See 7 endorsements for R 7 R Endorsed by Patrick Lazarus, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Debarati’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 3 endorsements for Analytics 3 Analytics Shivam Agrawal and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Debarati has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Statistical Learning Data Science Specialization Machine Learning Debarati has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Bengali English Hindi Debarati has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects A Non-parametric Analysis of the Regional Income Convergence in West Bengal: A Distribution Dynamics Approach Inequality-Growth Nexus in Indian Context: A Simultaneous Equation Approach Changing Pattern of Private Final Consumption Expenditure in India in Post-independence Period Debarati has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Winner of Best in Show - Jury Choice (Top prize) at Yackathon 2016 Winner - AV Blogathon Debarati has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication How to perform feature selection using Boruta package in R Debarati has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score IELTS Interests TOTEM Recruteur de talent 6,296 followers Germin8 1,653 followers Evive Health 7,244 followers Amazon Web Services (AWS) for Business 11,953 members Hudson 221,256 followers Affine Analytics 7,708 followers See all See all following
More Actions Zunjar has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Zunjar Pawar Senior Business Analyst, CSM, Product Owner, Actively seeking new job opportunities Wells Fargo University of North Carolina Atlanta, Georgia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent IT experience with proven track record in leadership, management and collaboration across diverse functional teams. I do possess experience in all phases of software development life cycle. I sustain unique capability to identify new opportunities and convert them into customer solutions. Using my skills I can help drive business value and customer satisfaction. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr Business Analyst / Product Owner Company Name Wells Fargo Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Senior Business Analyst / Product Owner Company Name Birch Communications Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Atlanta • Currently working on Quote Tool and TCPBX OTT Automation project in which managed daily scrum meetings, sprint planning, sprint review, and sprint retrospective and managing projects in both agile and waterfall development environments.• Responsible for collaborating with project stakeholders, business owners and understanding the scope, requirements, and translating those to technical and functional design specifications.• Responsible for eliciting, documenting, organizing and communicating products user stories.• Responsible for writing functional and non-functional requirements and work with QA to make sure requirements and functionality matches.• Work closely with Birch business organizations like sales, service delivery and customer care to gather business needs and understand the scope.• Responsible for writing well-defined users stories with acceptance criteria before sprint cycle.• Prioritize product backlogs during the sprints and responsible for product domain mock-ups/wireframes demonstration for business owners/customers/stakeholders.• Managed software development backlog and make sure highest priority stories are planned during the sprint cycles.• Implemented business process improves for change request through PMO life-cycle.• SME for current products and responsible for any knowledge transfer to the development team and help the business and technical teams to bridge the gaps through analysis meetings.• Responsible for working with UI development team to make sure portal screens are designed and developed with strong emphasis on user experience and ease of use.• Responsible for working with business team to address questions and/or concerns during User Acceptance Testing so that releases are done in timely manner.• Managing sprint review and/or demo with business partners and solicit feedback.• Responsible for supporting PM with scope definition, project plans and also support the development team and QA with testing. Business Systems Analyst / Product Owner / Team Lead Company Name Ovation Wireless Management Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos • Identified new trends and developed new business ideas which involved Mobile Application development, Employee Value Program portal, CDR portal, Magellan proprietary software.• Project Lead for Mobile App Development which included 7 people and responsible for leading, creating, defining, tracking success, market opportunity, and collaborating with stakeholders.• Product owner of Magellan proprietary software which helped the customers in wireless expense management with savings of 25% to 45% over-spending on wireless services. • Account Manager for all the accounts owned by Magellan and tracking the performance of all 70 clients.• Responsible for directly interacting with the clients for any issues and provide training to C level executives.• Managed the procurement portal and lead the building of the portal (Employee Value Program) for end-users to purchase phones, devices, accessories and plans at discounted rate.• Facilitating daily scrum meetings, sprint planning, sprint review, and sprint retrospective and managing projects in both agile and waterfall development environments.• Used JIRA and team-work for task management, user story writing, backlog management, issue tracking, user story management and forward and backward requirement trace-ability.• Responsible for providing 24x7 fast paced DBA support for production, development and testing environment and performed SQL queries and wrote DML, DDL and DCL statements.• Responsible for creating databases, perform data modeling, and workflow diagrams for customers.• Build SQL queries and design databases to extract, connect, and summarize data as per business requirements to help generate reports in Magellan (proprietary software).• Created jobs, alerts, logs to monitor the critical errors in SQL and to maintain the production and development databases.• Generate VDT (Voice, Data & Text), bench-marking reports using tableau for existing and new clients for purpose of data analysis and modeling. Technical Business Analyst / Data Management Company Name A. Anthony Corp. Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina Area • Performed data design and analysis, business analysis, data cleansing, data transformation, data relationships, and reporting analysis for the new products.• Responsible for ensuring issues are identified, tracked, reported on and resolved in a timely manner. • Contributed to the team in configuring and deploying digital ad serving application for customers to locate the suppliers which are nearest to their location.• Reviewed and analyzed business requirement document (BRD), functional requirement document (FRD) and helped transforming them into a complete system requirement specification (SRS) as to enable all the stakeholders to accurately understand requirements.• Proficient in writing SQL queries for back end testing and data mapping.• Responsible for developing associated documentation for business model or process change, including testing, training, and communication strategies.• Responsible for designs, develops, conducts and interprets statistical and business analysis to deliver model results.• Created excel macros to load the data into the database and used pivot tables in excel to summarize, analyze, explore and present data.• Prioritized customer needs and develop product roadmaps to deliver on meeting customer expectations. Business Analyst / Product Specialist Company Name 3D Power Visualization Pvt. Ltd Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location India • Gathering of the requirements of the project, managing the scope, processing change requests, planning, scheduling, coordinating, and working with project managers, team leads to achieve goals.• Reviewed and analyzed Business Requirement Document (BRD/HLD), Functional Requirement Document (FRD/LLD) and helped transforming them into a complete System Requirement Specification (SRS) as to enable all the stakeholders to accurately understand requirements.• Elicited requirements involving vast set of interactions with various stakeholders using JAD Sessions, Structured Interviews, Process Analysis and Business Rules Analysis.• Facilitate new customer kick off meetings for the purpose of gathering requirements, timeline planning and discovery.• Produce project documentation including formal proposals and schedules, system requirements and testing plans, project plans and teamwork assignments, directing and monitoring work efforts on a daily basis, identifying resource needs, performing quality review and escalating functional, quality, timeline issues appropriately.• Assist with escalated customer issues and project issues as identified or requested by the customer through direct support or through the support of the 3D Power subject matter experts assigned to the project.• Worked with Marketing Manager and CFO in order to implement and deploy strategic measures to instill corporate vision and develop a teamwork atmosphere focused on meeting corporate objectives, increase profitability, productivity and overall customer satisfaction.• Resolved project issues as necessary, maintaining effective communication with the impacted business sponsors, technical leadership/architect, IT teams, and stakeholders• Prepared business process models; used Visio to create use case diagrams.• Coordinated work plans between project manager and client using MS Project.• Worked with SQL queries for data manipulations. Education University of North Carolina Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Information Technology Grade 3.90 Master of Science in Information TechnologyCourse Work :- Applied Databases, Data & Knowledge Management, Network Based Application Development, Business Information Systems, Web Mining, Software System Design & Implementation, System Integration, IT Project Management, Management Information Systems, Database Management Systems, RDBMS & Visual Programming, Software Engineering, Financial and Industrial Management, Advanced Database, Design & Analysis of Algorithm, Operating Systems, Object Oriented Modeling & Design, Principles of Compiler Design, Software Testing & Quality Assurance. University of Pune Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Computer Engineering; Management Information Systems Grade GPA: First Class Course Work:- IT Project Management, Management Information Systems, Database Management Systems, RDBMS & Visual Programming, Software Engineering, Financial and Industrial Management, Advanced Database, Design & Analysis of Algorithm, Operating Systems, Object Oriented Modeling & Design, Principles of Compiler Design, Software Testing & Quality Assurance. Featured Skills & Endorsements Databases See 17 endorsements for Databases 17 Databases Endorsed by 2 of Zunjar’s colleagues at OVATION Wireless Management Click and drag to reorder skills PL/SQL See 15 endorsements for PL/SQL 15 PL/SQL Endorsed by 2 of Zunjar’s colleagues at OVATION Wireless Management Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 8 endorsements for Business Analysis 8 Business Analysis Neeraj Dorle and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Zunjar has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Marathi Zunjar has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Scrum Master Interests OVATION Wireless Management 427 followers Twitter 492,983 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,597,977 followers Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,356,998 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,533 followers University Recruiting 15,113 members See all See all following
More Actions Laura has a account Laura Luna Data Analyst at Upper Cumberland Center of Regional Excellence - TDOE Upper Cumberland Center of Regional Excellence - TDOE Tennessee Technological University Cookeville, Tennessee 136 136 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Upper Cumberland Center of Regional Excellence - TDOE Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Cookeville, TN Data analysis and support of 17 counties in the Upper Cumberland region. Provide professional development for district leaders to support understanding of district level data in order to strive for continuous improvement. S.T.E.M. Coach Company Name Putnam County Schools Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs In partnership with Prescott South Elementary & Middle School Principals and supported by the TTU Millard-Oakley STEM Center through the Upper Cumberland Rural STEM Initiative (UCRSI) as part of the Tennessee STEM Innovation Network (TSIN), I facilitate the implementation of a 1.5M grant awarded to Prescott South in 2012. Mathematics Instructor Company Name Cookeville High School, Cookeville, TN Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Freshman Academy Department Head; Instructor for Honors Geometry, Geometry, Honors Algebra I, Algebra I; CHS Habitat for Humanity Club Sponsor Mathematics Teacher Company Name Lewis County High School Dates Employed 2000 – 2008 Employment Duration 8 yrs Mathematics Department Chair; Math Club Sponsor; Robotics Team Sponsor; Instructor for all levels of mathematics from Pre-Algebra to Pre-Calculus/Calculus. Education Tennessee Technological University Degree Name Educational Specialist (Ed.S.) Field Of Study Curriculum & Instruction - S.T.E.M. Education Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Ed.S. - STEM Education Western Kentucky University Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: American Mathematical Society (AMS) Masters - Mathematics University of Tennessee at Martin Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Secondary Education - Mathematics Grade 7-12 Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Activities and Societies: University Scholar, French Horn Ensemble, University Bands Secondary Education - Mathematics Featured Skills & Endorsements Staff Development See 23 endorsements for Staff Development 23 Staff Development Bobby Cox and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Elementary Education See 14 endorsements for Elementary Education 14 Elementary Education Twanelle Deann Walker Majors and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Curriculum Development See 13 endorsements for Curriculum Development 13 Curriculum Development Twanelle Deann Walker Majors and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Laura has 11 projects 11 Expand projects section Projects Impact TN (Educator Dashboard) Network Improvement Community - East & Upper Cumberland CORE - TN Early Literacy Network (TELN) Summer STEAM Academy 2014 KITE Festival - 2nd Annual Spring Break INNOVATE Camp - Club Invention CSI STEM Night Fall Break STEM Academy Summer STEAM Academy KITE Festival - Inaugural CSI STEM Night Interests Tennessee Technological University 36,881 followers Western Kentucky University 62,932 followers Western Kentucky University 64,997 followers University of Tennessee at Martin 19,353 followers Tennessee Technological University 34,859 followers University of Tennessee at Martin 20,334 followers See all See all following
More Actions AMRITA has a account AMRITA G Sr. ETL/DWH Tester/ QA Analyst | Reports Tester Credit Card Issuer (Confidential) CA Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University San Mateo, California 217 217 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I have over 8 years of experience as a QA and Data Analyst. Most of my testing experience is towards ETL Testing. I do have extensive experience with BI / Reporting Tools such as IBM Cognos 8.0, Business Objects BOXI, and SSRS. I have been involved in some cube testing (SSAS); worked on Cognos reports, RPD, and Dashboards; has performed smoke or shake-out tests, stress and load testing; Web testing projects (.NET & Java); worked on Informatica Power Center tool – Source Analyzer, Data warehousing designer, Mapping & Mapplet Designer and Transformation; tested several business reports including Summarized, Master-Detailed and Drill Down reports developed by SSRS; tested Ab Initio ETL graphs; validated OBIEE Reports in the Dashboards for the Oracle Financial Analytics modules like GL, AP, AR and created the Ad-hoc reports; and he validated Query Prompts as, Cascading Prompts, Calculations, Conditions & Filters. I have excellent communication skills and is available with two weeks’ notice. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. ETL / QA BI Reports Tester Company Name Credit Card Issuer (Confidential) CA Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Foster City •Analyzed the Requirements from the client and developed Test cases based on functional requirements, general requirements and system specifications. •Prepared Test Cases and Test Plans for the mappings developed through the ETL tool from the requirements. •Extensively used Informatica Workflow Manager to run the workflows/mappings and monitored the session logs in Informatica Workflow Monitor. •Verified session logs to identify the errors occurred during the ETL execution. •Created Test Cases, traceability matrix based on mapping document and requirements. •Validated the web services using the Soap UI. •Creates table pairs in Informatica data validation option (DVO) and validated the data moving from source to target. •Written several complex SQL queries for data verification and data quality checks. •Reviewed the test cases written based on the Change Request document and Testing has been done based on Change Requests and Defect Requests. •Used Team Foundation Server as a test management tool for preparing test cases and executing them. •Perform defect Tracking and reporting with strong emphasis on root-cause analysis to determine where and why defects are being introduced in the development process. •Scheduling shell script jobs, creating instances of jobs, verifying logs according to client requirement using Autosys server. •Profiled the data using Informatica data quality (IDQ). •Involved in testing the Informatica mappings, by validating whether the mapping adhere to the development standards and naming conventions.Environment: Informatica Power Center 9.5/ 9.1, Informatica Data Validation Option (DVO), Informatica Data Quality (IDQ), Clear Case, OBIEE, Clear Quest, SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX, Putty, Shell Scripting, Soap UI, Web Services, .NET, HTML, ASP .NET, SSIS, SSRS, Session Log files, TFS, XML files, Sybase, Oracle 11g, Compare IT, HP Quality Center, Autosys, SQL Server 2012, TOAD Sr. ETL /DWH/ BI Data Warehouse Tester/ UAT Tester Company Name Fannie Mae Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Reston, VA •Prepared Test Plans, Test Strategies, and Test Scenarios for ETL and Reports testing.•Performed Smoke Testing, GUI Testing, Functional Testing, Backend Testing, System Integration Testing, Sanity Testing, and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).•Verified session logs to identify the errors occurred during the ETL execution.•Created Test Cases, traceability matrix based on mapping document and requirements. •Used Informatica workflow manager to run the workflows and workflow monitor to check the status of workflows.•Developed test plan with testing scenarios from the end user perspective for User Acceptance Testing (UAT).•Worked on data validation, constraints, record counts, and source to target, row counts, random sampling and error processing.•Tested the ETL Informatica mappings and other ETL Processes (DW Testing). •Prepared Test Scenarios by creating Mock data based on the different test cases.•Debugging and Scheduling ETL workflows/Mappings and monitoring error logs.•Involved in validating the data moving from source to target using Informatica data validation option.•Validated the web services using Soap UI.•Involved in day to day SCRUM in an agile environment meetings both on site and off shore teams providing the day to day updates on the testing schedules.•Wrote complex SQL queries for extracting data from multiple tables and multiple databases.•Used Rational Clear Quest as defect tracking tool. •Before the Load is accepted to test, have performed smoke or shake-out test.•Extensively used Oracle database to test the Data Validity and Integrity for Data Updates, Deletes & Inserts.•Done data validation for the Cognos reports.Environment: Oracle 11g, Informatica Power Center 9.1, Informatica Data Validation Option (DVO), Clear Case, Clear Quest, Cognos 10, SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX, Putty, TFS, Flat files, XML, XSD, XSLT, Quality Center, Web Services, Soap UI, Agile, SQL Server 2008, DB2, Rapid SQL QA Engineer Company Name Fannie Mae Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Reston, VA •Prepared Test Plans, Test Strategies, and Test Scenarios for ETL and Reports testing.•Performed Smoke Testing, GUI Testing, Functional Testing, Backend Testing, System Integration Testing, Sanity Testing, and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).•Verified session logs to identify the errors occurred during the ETL execution. ETL QA Analyst Company Name M&T Bank Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Buffalo, NY •Worked as an ETL Tester responsible for the requirements / ETL Analysis, ETL Testing and designing of the flow and the logic for the Data warehouse project.•Responsible for testing the reports according to client’s requirement using Business Objects.•Develop ETL test plans based on test strategy. Created and executed test cases and test scripts based on test strategy and test plans based on ETL Mapping document.•Prepared technical specifications and Source to Target mappings.•Experienced using query tools for Oracle to validate reports and troubleshoot data quality issues.•Tested SQL Stored Procedures, triggers, views and worked with performance tuning of complex SQL queries.•Involved in testing Ab Initio graphs based on data mapping requirements.•Written complex joins to validate large database volumes.•Collected performance statistics of each query, function, procedure and worked with business users for acceptable performance criteria.•Developed scripts, utilities, simulators, data sets and other programmatic test tools as required executing test plans.•Performed Data validity testing for reports and feeds based on client's requirement.•Worked with ETL group for understanding Ab Initio graphs for dimensions and facts and validated them.•Extracted data from various sources like Oracle, flat files and SQL Server.•Responsible in testing Initial and daily loads of ETL Ab Initio graphs.•Created various PL/SQL stored procedures for dropping and recreating indexes on target tables.•Worked on issues with migration from development to testing.•Validated cube and query data from the reporting system back to the source system.Environment: Ab Initio (GDE 1.14, Co>Op 2.14), SQL *Loader, Business Objects XIR2, PL/SQL, SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL, XML, XSLT, XML Spy 2008, Rally, Oracle 10g, SQL Server 2008, PeopleSoft, MS Visio, Windows 7/ XP, TOAD, UNIX, Putty, Clear Case, Clear Quest, SharePoint, Quality Center ETL / BI Report Tester Company Name Assurant Health Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Wisconsin •Worked as an ETL/BI Report Tester responsible for the requirements / ETL Analysis, ETL Testing and designing of the flow and the logic for the Data warehouse project.•Developed Test Plan and Acceptance Criteria.•Involved in Business Functionality Review meetings, JAD Sessions and Use-Case Analysis. •Followed Agile testing methodology and performed testing in iterations.•Experience with executing both functional, usability and deployment testing •Extensively participated in Sprint retrospective for improved process •Performed both Manual and Automation testing •Conducted SIT, System, Functional, GUI and UAT Tests •Tested the Patient Management in EPIC •Tested the Patient scheduling in Cadence (EPIC).•Tested Lab Orders, Transfer of patients in EPIC.•Tested the Billing (Professional/Hospital) and claims.•Validated the claims for Medicare.•Extensively mapping the requirements to test cases -- Traceability Matrix.•Involved in Validation of EDI Transactions (834, 837, 835, 270, 271, 276, 277, 997)•Extensively worked on EDI 837 and 835 for Claims.•Enhanced the automated Regression Scripts and Conducted Data Driven Testing.•Tested the ETL (Extraction, Transformation and Loading) process using Informatica.•Performed Schema validation, inbound and Outbound Data Validation.•Tested the source, Target databases, mapping and Transformations.•Worked with data files (Flat Files, XML, SAS) Data files.•Performed Data Validation and backend testing by writing SQL queries.•Tested the reports generated using Business Objects.•Responsible for validation of user credentials and password validation for web portals.•Supervised the use of Rational ClearQuest for Defect Reporting.•Responsible for preparation of weekly status report.Environment: EPIC Suite 2010, Rational Manual Tester, ClearQuest, Abinito, Business Objects, ASP.NET, VB.NET, IIS, SQL, SSIS, SQL Server 2005, Mainframes, XML, IDM, Oracle 8i, SQL Navigator, Windows NT, XP, Unix, QTO See more positions Education Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Computer Software Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 19 endorsements for SQL 19 SQL Endorsed by Ankush Arora, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills User Acceptance Testing See 17 endorsements for User Acceptance Testing 17 User Acceptance Testing Ashwin Dalke and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills HP Quality Center See 16 endorsements for HP Quality Center 16 HP Quality Center Endorsed by KrishnaPrasad Prathapani, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments AMRITA has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Telugu Interests Daniel GolemanDaniel Goleman is a LinkedIn Influencer What Makes a Leader? Emotional and Social Intelligence 3,902,668 followers Pulse 1,535,180 followers QA Testing 7,194 followers Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,357,002 followers TeleCommunication Systems, Inc. 12,351 followers ETL DEVOLOPER/INFORMATICA TESTER/ETL TESTER 4,285 members See all See all following
More Actions Stanislav has a account Stanislav Georgiev Lead Data Analyst at salesforce.com salesforce.com San Jose State University San Francisco Bay Area 488 488 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm passionate about everything Data. I believe data is the lifeblood in the modern enterprise. As a Lead Data Analyst I work on Product and Customer Intelligence programs focusing on product adoption metrics, customer attrition forecast models and prototyping intelligence applications. As a Product Manager for Business Intelligence, I work in team to builds and evolves internal self-service reporting environment for 100+ members. Requirements gathering, prioritization, agile/scrum development, product delivery. As a Product Manager for the Data Platform team to set-up big data infrastructure, data-processing application to combine multiple sources of Service APIs, data-streams and internal data sources to curate single information quality. Started my career as a Data Operations Analyst, learning about information life-cycle in large complex data-processing environment. Responsible for measuring accuracy of machine learning algorithms - matching, clustering and helping in design of new data-processing applications. Specialtiesdata science and machine learning in software applications contextapplied quantitative and statistical methods for business decision making See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Lead Data Analyst Company Name salesforce.com Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos I work on Product and Customer Intelligence projects. Supporting the Product Managers with monthly scorecards and analysis updates for two product lines. Continues iteration of existing models, new evaluations for go / no-go decisions and ensuring Products are build right from the start with metrics in mind. ProjectsMonthly Product Scorecards - 10-15 Metrics, Yearly, Quarterly trends and forecasts. User Trust Score - Fraud detection and automatic User lock for data.com/Connect website Product Renewal Forecasts - Using attrition data and product usage, predict which Customers will renew their license in 6-9m in advance. Technologies Salesforce.com - Reporting, Data-source, Business processMySQL - Store procedures for Data aggregation and Warehousing, and Ad-Hoc access to source informationR - Data Cleansing, Modeling, MarkDown documents for continues index or graph generationWeka - Machine Learning algorithms testings, optimization, variable selectionData Presentations - R-Markdown documents, GoogleSlides / PowerPoint Product Manager, Business Intelligence Data.com Company Name Salesforce Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Established the BI Team at Jigsaw.com, consolidated all internal reporting environments, created a common reporting environment, developed Data Asset forecasting models, roll-out multiple programs to Customer Success and Product Management. Product Manager, Data Platform Data.com Company Name Salesforce.com Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location San Mateo Product Management for the Data Platform development team. Core focus area include Data Enrichment and Validation services for the Enterprise. Integration of Address Verification, Email Validation SAAS services. Core scalability features for Data.com data platformLead the first Big Data technology stack project at Salesforce.com to touch and process Customer data in production. Aggregation of multi-source information for distinguishing best version of a record online. Data Operations Analyst Company Name Jigsaw Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location San Mateo, CA Designed, implemented & maintained automation of monthly operational business reports. Heavy focus on data operations, data profiling & modeling, user behavior & engagement, forecasting.Worked closely with core R&D teams into prototyping, implementation, post-analysis and monitoring of next generation data maintenance technologies at Jigsaw, now Data.com / Salesforce.com Education San Jose State University Degree Name B.S. Applied and Computational Mathematics, Emphasis in Economics, Finance, and Actuarial Science Field Of Study Applied Mathematics, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 As a Student as San Jose State University I discovered my passion of probabilistic decision making and found out that there is even a whole field in Mathematics dedicated to statistical learning. I completed a Bachelor degree as a Applied Mathematics, emphasis in Economics. Favorites - Statistics, Data Modeling, Econometrics Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 37 endorsements for Business Intelligence 37 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Mehmet Orun, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 22 of Stanislav’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills Agile Methodologies See 23 endorsements for Agile Methodologies 23 Agile Methodologies Endorsed by Rahul Misra and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Stanislav’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills SaaS See 23 endorsements for SaaS 23 SaaS David Colby and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Michael Hopps Website Strategist at Formstack February 1, 2015, Michael worked with Stanislav in different groups Stan is a data-driven leader and growing data scientist who truly cares about the product, and his teammates. Stan leads by example, and I’ve been fortunate to learn from him. He is a mentor who always goes the extra mile to explain the analysis, or encourage his mentees to approach the problem creatively. Stan is a great fit for any team seeking a genuine leader who has years of hands-on experience and coursework analyzing complex datasets. Pankaj Borole Senior Team Lead at Persistent Systems January 18, 2012, Pankaj worked with Stanislav in the same group Pankaj started a continuous integration framework to ensure Business deliveries met quality expectations. He was able to develop and evolve the framework, while simultaneously keeping up with developers team on new projects to cover automation goals. Pankaj's commitment and dedication to project goals are easy to recognize. Accomplishments Stanislav has 11 certifications 11 Expand certifications section Certifications Machine Learning Foundations: A Case Study Approach Developing Data Products Practical Machine Learning Regression Models Reproducible Research Statistical Inference Exploratory Data Analysis The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Computing for Data Analysis An Introduction to Interactive Programming in Python Stanislav has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Hadoop: Distributed Processing of Big Data Introduction to Data Analysis Introduction to Machine Learning and Data Mining Stanislav has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Bulgarian English Stanislav has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents System and method for evaluating claims to update a record from conflicting data sources Methods and apparatus for managing community-updateable data Stanislav has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Upcoming Presentations Interests Coursera Course Certificates 103,617 followers Business Travel 4,376,430 followers San Jose State University 250,387 followers Professional Women 14,556,899 followers Careers: Getting Started 4,327,335 followers Leadership & Management 24,848,150 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Scott Manager, Data Analytics at Advance America Advance America Baker College of Flint Greenville, South Carolina Area 230 230 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Manager, Data Analytics Company Name Advance America Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Spartanburg, South Carolina Sr. Data Analyst Company Name Advance America Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Sr. Business Analyst Company Name Advance America Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Lead Business Intelligence Analyst Company Name Advance America Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Senior QA Analyst Company Name Advance America Dates Employed Mar 2007 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Spartanburg, South Carolina See more positions Education Baker College of Flint Degree Name Bachelor's Field Of Study Computer Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 Magna Cum Laude Tri-County Technical College Degree Name Associates Field Of Study Computer Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 15 endorsements for Business Analysis 15 Business Analysis Endorsed by 12 of Mike’s colleagues at Advance America Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 14 endorsements for Data Warehousing 14 Data Warehousing Endorsed by 11 of Mike’s colleagues at Advance America Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 11 endorsements for Business Intelligence 11 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Divya Reddy Bobbali, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Mike’s colleagues at Advance America Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Scott Rush Programmer Analyst June 15, 2010, Mike worked with Scott in the same group Mike is intelligient, hard working, and willing to do whatever it takes to get the job done. He was great team member. We worked together on multiple projects successfully.He would be a true asset to any organization. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Baker College Business and Corporate Services 10,058 followers Baker College Business and Corporate Services 10,109 followers Tri-County Technical College 7,140 followers Advance America 8,252 followers TDWI: Analytics and Data Management Discussion Group 76,477 members Baker College of Flint 11,354 followers See all See all following
More Actions Achal has a account Achal Shastry Data Analyst with hands-on experience in R, SQL and Excel Zygnum Technologies Acharya Institute Of Technology Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 30 30 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Working with a growing startup company as a data analyst in Analytics domain• Experienced data analyst with the ability to extract, clean and analyse data and derive useful insights through visualisation and reporting • Hands-on experience in R programming, SQL and Excel• Used R extensively in areas such as portfolio analysis, sentiment analysis and machine learning• Published R scripts to DeployR server and integrated their results into web applications• Experience working with structured, unstructured and semi-structured datasets • Very good understanding of Python, Big Data, Hadoop and its eco-system• Self-taught developer with keen interest on Data Science Platform and Big Data Analytics See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Zygnum Technologies Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India • Fetching data from databases, external source, spreadsheets. Manipulating and analysing datasets and deriving useful insights through visualisation and reporting.• Hands-on experience in writing R scripts and creating a user-defined packages in R for code reuse.• Investment portfolio analysis in R and Excel.• Helped investors in maximizing the expected return and minimizing the risk through portfolio risk and return optimization in R and Excel.• Data mining and sentiment analysis on twitter data• As part of sentiment analysis, performed cleaning the tweets, finding frequent words from tweets, visualising frequent terms associated with the tweets, classifying and visualising tweets based on polarity and emotions.• Published R scripts to DeployR server and Collaborated with application developers to integrate R analytics into web applications.• Very good knowledge on Python, Hadoop and its eco-system• Installation, Configuration of Hadoop and ability to store the data from/to database/HDFS and process map reduce jobs in java.• Experience working with structured and unstructured data using R and Hadoop Education Acharya Institute Of Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering - BE Field Of Study Information Science/Studies Grade First Class Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis Data Analysis No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills R R No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills SQL SQL No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Achal has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Kannada Interests Pulse 1,535,182 followers The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,575 members Data Science Central 291,508 members TED: Ideas Worth Spreading - Unofficial 839,102 members R Analytics 792 members Language R - Community of Practice 1,212 members See all See all following
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Scott Manager, Data Analytics at Advance America Advance America Baker College of Flint Greenville, South Carolina Area 230 230 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Manager, Data Analytics Company Name Advance America Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Spartanburg, South Carolina Sr. Data Analyst Company Name Advance America Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Sr. Business Analyst Company Name Advance America Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Lead Business Intelligence Analyst Company Name Advance America Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Senior QA Analyst Company Name Advance America Dates Employed Mar 2007 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Spartanburg, South Carolina See more positions Education Baker College of Flint Degree Name Bachelor's Field Of Study Computer Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 Magna Cum Laude Tri-County Technical College Degree Name Associates Field Of Study Computer Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 15 endorsements for Business Analysis 15 Business Analysis Endorsed by 12 of Mike’s colleagues at Advance America Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 14 endorsements for Data Warehousing 14 Data Warehousing Endorsed by 11 of Mike’s colleagues at Advance America Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 11 endorsements for Business Intelligence 11 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Divya Reddy Bobbali, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Mike’s colleagues at Advance America Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Scott Rush Programmer Analyst June 15, 2010, Mike worked with Scott in the same group Mike is intelligient, hard working, and willing to do whatever it takes to get the job done. He was great team member. We worked together on multiple projects successfully.He would be a true asset to any organization. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Tri-County Technical College 6,588 followers Baker College of Flint 10,959 followers Data Warehouse Professionals - GlocalCircles.com 6,579 members Tri-County Technical College 7,140 followers Advance America 8,252 followers TDWI: Analytics and Data Management Discussion Group 76,477 members See all See all following
More Actions zohaib has a account 3rd degree connection3rd zohaib saleem Business Analyst, Supply Chain at Juniper Networks Juniper Networks San Francisco State University San Francisco Bay Area 358 358 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an analytics professional, focused on synthesizing methodology and data into actionable business strategy with a strong ability to organize, prioritize and work enthusiastically under pressure with expertise in ETL, Data Scrubbing, Data Quality, Master Data Management, ad hoc reporting and analysis to fulfill the needs of the organization and drive operational efficiencies. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} zohaib’s Activity 360 followers Comey's lying and/or Trump's lying. No way out of that. zohaib replied to a comment Tata Motors & ISRO reveals India's first hydrogen fuel cell bus in India. The Hydrogen Powered Starbus Fuel Cell bus is a zero-emission mass transport solution, for inter-city commute and has been developed in partnership with ISRO . Combining hydrogen gas and oxygen, the fuel cell produces electricity to power the electric motor, with water and heat as a by-product. This is the first time an Indian manufacturer has ventured in this direction. Great. Join me to congratulate the team!! zohaib liked "I've missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." - Michael Jordan zohaib liked Nigeria’s peak electricity demand is 17k Mw according to TCN, current output is slightly above 3,600Mw so consumers require about 14.4k megawatts (Mw) to meet current requirements. The World Bank projects Nigeria’s power generation deficit is over 94,500 Mw The installed transmission capacity is 11.1k Mw while functional facilities optimally utilized, can only supply 7.1k Mw. Nigerians consume 14.4k kwh/per capita, Ghana with, we have electricity consume 357 kwh/pc, South Africa 4,229 kwh/pc and Germany 7,035 kwh/pc Government in the Roadmap for Power Sector Reform established a 2020 target of 40k MW which it reduced to 20k MW to make the plan achievable and projected an investment of $3.5 billion p/a over a 10-yr period. Now add reality, the entire value chain, generation, transmission and distribution makes the plan $10 billion p.a over 10-yrs just to meet an objective in the future that closely matches current demand. Then consider that Nigeria’s proposed 2017 Budget is about $23 billion. Less than 45 per cent of Nigerians are connected to the grid, over $5.2 billion dollars was spent to fuel over 60 million generators imported into the country (2006 figures). Isn't it time we started to really think outside of the box? Herein lies opportunity. zohaib liked Kudos to Jarrod X. Banks for hustling for his first job! He just earned his Masters in CS from Loyola with a 3.73 GPA. And yes, I just met him on a street corner in the Chicago Loop. You can contact him at jarrodxbanks at gmail dot com. zohaib liked See all activity Experience Business Analyst , Supply Chain Company Name Juniper Networks Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Sunnyvale, California •Inventory Management: leverage various databases and resources to manage Contract and Original Design Manufacturer (CM/ODM) inventory and generate various reports including inventory turns, NPI inventory and EOL material levels etc. •Generate and analyze daily and weekly Business Objects and Demantra reports (Inventory, Demand/Consumption, Min and Max inventory levels, Supply/Manufacturing Backlog, and Lead-Time)•Develop visualizations using Tableau, script or other tools which allows users throughout the network the ability to graphically understand the issues the team is seeing as well as actions items to solve these issues•Manage sales orders and quotes sourcing•E&O (Excess and Obsolete) reserves: gather data and calculate financial liability and reserves•Suggest design improvements to the BEx querries and translate reports from legacy systems into new reports with a new source of transactional data•Contribute to the design, development and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analysis, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions Systems Specialist Company Name Genentech Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location South San Francisco, CA • Work with end users and IT to envision, propose, implement and support novel software systems• Create robust and effective data visuanlizations using Tibco Spotfire• Extract and dive deep into the data, assess its integrity, and deliver meaningful insights to managers and business partners in a comprehensive manner using SQL, Excel, and Spotfire • Perform data analysis, data visualization and data-mining to tell the story behind the data and derive actionable insights • Perform business analysis to clarify needs, define business process, and scope new projects• Work with cross-functional stakeholders to gather requirements, manage implementation and drive delivery of projects.• Work hands-on with end users and IT to identify, troubleshoot, and resolve technical and process issues• Work with IT to ensure system architecture is aligned with user needs•Plan, oversee, and perform user testing activities using HP ALM• Use JavaScript/Google Apps Script to create Google Forms, Surveys, Spreadsheets and Internal SitesProjects include a wide range of scientific and operational software systems supporting Bioanalytics, Senior Finance Management, Pharmacokinetics, Toxicology/Pathology, and Business Operations including Google Apps, Sharepoint and specialized scientific software applications. Data Management Associate Company Name BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Novato, CA • Created and maintained vendor master data and ensure integrity of data conformance with global standards and procedures using Oracle EBS Suite.• Participated in data governance, data quality investigation & analysis; diagnose root causes & made recommendations.• Heavily used V-look up, Condition formatting and other Excel tool sets to pivot data fields for optimum report generation.• Created new bill of materials (BOMs) and maintain existing BOMs on manufactured products• Revised and maintained SOPs, SLRs, Formulas, Recipes, Validity Rules, Production Rules and Warehouse Rules in iProcurement. • Performed Data Mapping to define the conversions between buyer codes and supplier codes using Oracle SCM.• Worked extensively on graphic representation of results using Pivot Charts, column bars and Scatter Plots. Extensive experience of creating and using KPI dashboards, Concatenate, sum if, and other statistical functions to summarize the data.• Managed creation, routing and data input of master data elements (BOMs, Inventory, Purchase Orders, Order Management, Material Master etc.) Data Analyst Company Name Bio-Rad Laboratories Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Hercules, CA • Assisted managers in determining if and how new systems or system enhancements may improve process flow and business function.• Utilized Excel (Pivot Tables, V/H look-ups, Conditional Formatting, Graphs etc.) to perform ad hoc data analysis, cleansing, validation, and reporting.• Wrote SQL queries to pull and analyze the data for reporting purposes.• Developed and published weekly ad hoc reports to support process improvement and data integrity using excel. • Worked as a Project Manager to gather information of about 20,000 products to make a smooth transition from ERP Baan to SAP.• Ran 3 rounds of integrated tests using the HP ALM to test the process of cost analysis, goods issue, process order settlement, Recipe Management and other related SAP modules.• Created dashboards in Excel by pulling data from different sources and presented them to the management team• Created and revised SOPs for the packaging, shipping and receiving process in Salesforce.com• Calculated conversion factors and classify business materials through the use of Baan and PLM databases• Organized over 120k items for review to verify validity and usage. Education San Francisco State University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 • Forecast Report Project: Managed a team of four and successfully produced a one-year profitable portfolio using cover ratio, current yield curve, growth in commercial loans and growth in money supply.• JP Morgan Chase Project: Accurately predicted U.S. vs. Euro variations using root mean square error and random walk forecast method.• Peet's Coffee & Tea Project: Researched and analyzed Peet’s Coffee & Tea in order to provide data on strategic analysis and devised various concepts to increase company's profits. • Facebook Project: Provided analytical support including capital project analysis, performance analysis and evaluated Facebook's equity pricing by utilizing an Excel model. Featured Skills & Endorsements Transact-SQL (T-SQL) See 1 endorsement for Transact-SQL (T-SQL) 1 Transact-SQL (T-SQL) Hisham Riaz has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 15 endorsements for Data Analysis 15 Data Analysis Endorsed by 7 of zohaib’s colleagues at Bio-Rad Laboratories Click and drag to reorder skills Business Objects See 1 endorsement for Business Objects 1 Business Objects Hisham Riaz has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Jean Fabius Mugisha Financial Analyst September 4, 2014, zohaib worked with Jean Fabius in the same group Zohaib has built a strong (and deserved) reputation as someone with vision, diligence and honor – someone who gets things done! I have no hesitation in recommending Zohaib and know that he will always give of his best in any endeavor. Jean Fabius Mugisha Financial Analyst September 4, 2014, Jean Fabius worked with zohaib in the same group Jean Fabius is a proactive and tireless contributor who would make a great addition to any team. Accomplishments zohaib has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Urdu zohaib has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization NCCA (Northern California Cricket Association) Interests Leadership & Management 24,848,172 followers Renew Financial 3,485 followers YSO Capital Management, LLC 27 followers San Jose State University 250,387 followers U.S. Department of Homeland Security 178,110 followers University of Oxford 320,240 followers See all See all following
More Actions Katerina has a account Katerina Tsiakalou Data Analyst at Uptream S.A Uptream SA Kingston University Greece 250 250 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Uptream SA Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Athens Data Analyst Company Name Dixons South East Europe Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos BI Engineer Company Name CYTA HELLAS Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos BI Engineer Company Name Cyta Hellas Dates Employed 2010 – 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs .NET Developer Company Name EXIS IT Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 9 mos Education Kingston University Degree Name Msc Field Of Study E-Commerce Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Panepistimion Pireos Degree Name 7.52 Field Of Study Informatics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Databases See 28 endorsements for Databases 28 Databases Endorsed by Theofilos Koutavas and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Katerina’s colleagues at Cyta Hellas Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 25 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 25 Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by Peter Kokkinakis and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Katerina’s colleagues at Cyta Hellas Click and drag to reorder skills MS Reporting Services See 16 endorsements for MS Reporting Services 16 MS Reporting Services Endorsed by 8 of Katerina’s colleagues at Cyta Hellas Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Katerina has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Interests Piraeus University of Applied Sciences 4,052 followers Analytics, Big Data, Data Science and Business Intelligence in Greece 1,981 members Panepistimion Pireos 6,297 followers Kingston University - Company 104,140 followers Kingston University - Company 107,416 followers Dixons South East Europe 2,947 followers See all See all following
More Actions Keith has a account Keith Richard Analytics and Data Ops at Humedica Humedica University of Massachusetts, Amherst Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Business analyst and technologist focused on patient-centered analytics methods designed for healthcare providers and life science researchers. Passionate about seeing healthcare & the life sciences optimize performance around daily operations, quality of care, total cost of care, and population health.Communicator and connector with past experiences in mathematics, post-secondary education, enterprise support and project management. A bright, inquisitive, and personable communication style ideal for connecting with partners across business lines (real or imaginary). Self-directed learner who brings knowledge back to others. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Keith’s Activity 585 followers Optum Honored at Frost & Sullivan's 2016 Growth, Innovation and Leadership Awards Keith liked It is a humbling and historical day in my career. Speaking infront of a world wide audience is not a chance I will ever take lightly. #asug2017 Keith liked Some Businesses Bleed Black Keith liked BDSS 2017 | 3 Pillars Keith liked I can show you a determinant that will, given two points in the plane, generate the unique line that connects them. I can show you a determinant that will, given three points in the plane, generate the unique circle they lie upon. I can show you a determinant that will, given five points in the plane, generate the unique conic that they lie upon. Determinants codify algorithms, and that is why they are important. Keith liked See all activity Experience Manager, Data Operations Analytics Company Name Humedica Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Boston, MA Data Analyst Company Name Humedica Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Boston, MA Humedica is the foremost clinical intelligence company that powers health care providers and life sciences organizations to make better-informed, more confident decisions by transforming unconnected data from multiple sources into real-world insights. Information Systems Manager Company Name Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center Dates Employed 2008 – 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Boston, MA Led a group of support analysts for procurement, payment & accounting systems in a PeopleSoft Financials & Supply Chain Management environment. Provided daily end-user support and education to a community of 1,200 internal users.Particularly responsible for requisitioning, procurement cycle including payables and matching, SQL reporting suite, and championing e-commerce channels like ePro punchout and EDI PO/acknowledgment/ASN/invoice. Strategically our org looked to us for BI, audit-influenced fiscal controls, business process improvement, and policy & SOP development / adherence.Founding member of the hospital's Information Security and Privacy Committee. Procurement Analyst Company Name Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center Dates Employed 2005 – 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Boston, MA Daily business reporting, workflow oversight, and primary technical contact for the central Purchasing department of a large clinical, research, and teaching medical center.Brought on board to fill a new position during the transition to a new ERP system launch. Tasked to bring sanity out of chaos; succeeded. Mathematics Teaching Assistant Company Name Department of Mathematics & Statistics, University of Massachusetts at Amherst Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Dec 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Amherst, MA Teaching Assistant to a 300-level university mathematics course for two years. Responsible to lead five recitation groups per week, deliver lecture hour in the professor's absence, and organize & lead review sessions for a course of over 50 upperclassmen / semester.Edited the textbook developed by the course professor. Wrote solution sets for the entire course text.Selected and developed future TAs with the course professor. Education University of Massachusetts, Amherst Field Of Study Pure Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Coursework in discrete algebra, algorithms, object-oriented programming, formal logic, number theory & cryptography, topology.Undergraduate experience included complete Year 1 graduate mathematics courses. Fitchburg State College Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 16 endorsements for Data Analysis 16 Data Analysis Endorsed by Yi L., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Keith’s colleagues at Humedica Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 15 endorsements for Analytics 15 Analytics Endorsed by 6 of Keith’s colleagues at Humedica Click and drag to reorder skills Healthcare See 12 endorsements for Healthcare 12 Healthcare Endorsed by Jennifer R Wagner, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Keith’s colleagues at Humedica Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Renee Lin President at Meduvi February 24, 2015, Keith was a client of Renee’s I had the best experience being recruited by Renee. Renee's introduction was more insightful than the "cold call" recruiting emails that have become common on LinkedIn. Renee had mapped my background to an opening she was filling at a place with great name reputation in town. Renee has subject matter knowledge in the domains she recruits for and that made for an easy, natural follow-up call about ambitions and talents... in which she elicited that I actually wanted to change career paths entirely, and would have to pass on the opening she was filling. Three months later Renee came back to me with a unique opportunity at a company I was watching closely, and she successfully placed me. They needed a "me", and only Renee could have known that from both ends. I'm probably ruined for most other recruiters now, I could never settle for anything less than the deliberate process Renee followed to connect me to an opening that fit right. Accomplishments Keith has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award CFO's Excellence Award Interests Mark GrabanMark Graban is a LinkedIn Influencer Speaker, Consultant, Blogger, Author of "Lean Hospitals"​ & "Healthcare Kaizen,"​ Part of the Team at KaiNexus 371,660 followers Social Impact 4,924,443 followers Marc HarrisonMarc Harrison is a LinkedIn Influencer President and CEO at Intermountain Healthcare 224,715 followers Best Advice 6,720,280 followers Fitchburg State University 23,169 followers Mary Pat WhaleyMary Pat Whaley is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Operating Officer at Chapel Hill Doctors and Physician Advocate 335,034 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kate has a account Kate Thompson Head of IT at Mid Essex Hospitals Mid Essex Hospitals NHS leadership academy Chelmsford, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Kate’s Activity 545 followers To all my friends, colleagues and customers in the NHS and Government. Now it time to pull together not point fingers or pass criticism. Kate liked See all activity Experience Head of IT Company Name Mid Essex Hospitals Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 11 mos IT Programme Manager Company Name Mid Essex Hospitals NHS Trust Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Integration, Configuration & Installation Manager Company Name Mid Essex Hospitals Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos • Lead the setup and implementation of a dedicated Systems Development & Support Team • Overall responsibility for defining a programme for the development of new and existing systems, Trust wide systems upgrades, and the implementation and integration of new systems• Responsible for the delivery of services to support Trust clinical and business systems and telecoms systems. • Lead regular service review meetings with internal stakeholders and suppliers in order to monitor issues and key performance indicators against the SLA.• Key achievements included: - implementation of a trust wide PACS included extensive infrastructure, hardware audit and rollout - numerous major and minor upgrade to critical Trust-wide systems - Implementation of a bi-directional integration engine enabling HL7 integration between the core clinical systems Systems Development Manager Company Name Mid Essex Hospitals Dates Employed Feb 2004 – Feb 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo • Line managed the training and 1st line systems support teams• Responsible for the delivery of 1st line support of clinical applications, scheduling and undertaking the upgrade of existing systems and the delivery of an on-going training programme• Implemented various systems including an instrument sterilisation and tracking system and a Trust wide patient audit and reporting system with included a bi-directional interface• Successfully completed numerous major and minor clinical and trust-wide system upgrades• Mananged outsource partner during network upgrades, reconfigurations and wireless point installations to support existing and new systems IM&T Project Manager Company Name Essex Shared Services Agency Dates Employed Sep 2001 – Feb 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos • Involved in all aspects of the project life cycle and management.• Responsible for lead multidisciplinary teams on various implementation and developments including; - Hardware and O/S upgrade for the Hospital Patient Administration (PAS) System - The implementation of dept systems for the Renal and Diabetes services - The implementation of a 3 discipline pathology system - Implementation of pharmacy system including a dispensing robot - Hardware, O/S & application upgrade of Radiology - Expert lead on-behalf of Mid Essex Hospital for a PAS data take-on excerise from another PAS See more positions Education NHS leadership academy Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Health care leadership Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Anglia Ruskin University Field Of Study Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1993 Herts and Essex High School Featured Skills & Endorsements PRINCE2 See 35 endorsements for PRINCE2 35 PRINCE2 Endorsed by Anthony Lundrigan and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Kate’s colleagues at Mid Essex Hospitals Click and drag to reorder skills Change Management See 26 endorsements for Change Management 26 Change Management Endorsed by Gordon Lorimer and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Kate’s colleagues at Mid Essex Hospitals Click and drag to reorder skills Governance See 26 endorsements for Governance 26 Governance Nicholas Fernandez and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests NHS IT Project Professionals 9,493 members Recruiting & Hiring 7,270,768 followers Pulse 1,535,185 followers Cyberinc 2,876 members Healthcare-IT/ EHR/ HIS 71,706 members RecruitingBlogs.com 355,958 followers See all See all following
More Actions Maggie has a account Maggie Carlin Data Analyst at Academic Analytics International Voices Project Columbia College Chicago Greater Chicago Area 153 153 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am looking for freelance theatre projects to further my experience in the industry, as well as part-time research or data input work. Highlights Experience Administrative Manager Company Name International Voices Project Dates Employed 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Logan Square, Chicago IL Literary Manager, Communications Manager, PR, Research, Box Office, Newsletters Media (1) This position has 1 media COVER PAGE COVER PAGE This media is a link Data Analyst Company Name Academic Analytics Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Research, Data matching Hostess Company Name Telegraph Winebar Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Answering Phones, Greeting Guests, Assisting Managers in preparations for service, Communicating to Chefs and Staff information regarding Guests, Mapping out Floor Plan, Seating customers according to Rotation. Reader/Dramaturg Company Name Stage Left Theatre Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Chicago, IL Reader-Reading several scripts and discussing with a committee which fit their mission statement. Dramaturg - Researching specific show, putting together an actor packet with research and presenting it to actors and director, attending rehearsal for any questions regarding the research. Casting Coordinator and Communications Manager Company Name Caffeine Theatre Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Chicago, IL Gathering and Organizing actors information, Setting up auditions, Coordinating with staff on shows, and meetings. See more positions Education Columbia College Chicago Degree Name 2008 Field Of Study Theatre/American Sign Language Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Theatre-Acting MajorAmerican Sign Language Minor Volunteer Experience Dramaturg for Dionysos Series Company Name Polarity Ensemble Theatre Dates volunteered 2014 – 2015 Volunteer duration 1 yr Cause Arts and Culture I worked with playwrights and directors, helping with improvements on their scripts. I headed table reading discussions and worked as an objective source for the playwright to discover the possibilities their script could take. Featured Skills & Endorsements Theatre See 14 endorsements for Theatre 14 Theatre Kristina Schramm and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Casting See 5 endorsements for Casting 5 Casting Eamonn McDonagh and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Dramaturgy See 3 endorsements for Dramaturgy 3 Dramaturgy Madilynn Beck Weant and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Maggie has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language American Sign Language Interests Columbia College Chicago 64,413 followers Pulse 1,535,185 followers Columbia College Chicago 66,848 followers Northlight Theatre 266 followers Stage Left Theatre 104 followers
More Actions Sara has a account Sara Pratt, PHR Senior Analyst, Compensation and Benefits at Midwest ISO Midcontinent Independent System Operator Indiana University Bloomington Indianapolis, Indiana Area 260 260 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Analyst, Compensation and Benefits Company Name Midcontinent Independent System Operator Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Carmel, IN HR Programs Analyst Company Name Midwest ISO Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Benefit Analyst Company Name KAR Auction Services, Inc Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Benefits Coordinator Company Name Arkin Youngentob Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Jul 2006 Employment Duration 10 mos Primary contact for businesses ranging in size from 2-500 employees on employee benefit/insurance issues relating to the servicing of their group benefits including medical, dental, vision, disability, life and long term care insurances along with flexible spending account administration National Account Associate Company Name Unum Dates Employed May 2002 – Oct 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Education Indiana University Bloomington Degree Name Communication & Culture Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Employee Benefits See 16 endorsements for Employee Benefits 16 Employee Benefits Catrina Davis and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Benefits Administration See 6 endorsements for Benefits Administration 6 Benefits Administration Catrina Davis and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Human Resources See 7 endorsements for Human Resources 7 Human Resources Endorsed by 2 of Sara’s colleagues at Midcontinent Independent System Operator Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sara has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification PHR Interests Midcontinent Independent System Operator 5,833 followers Indiana University Bloomington 264,126 followers Pulse 1,535,185 followers Indiana University Bloomington 280,298 followers
More Actions Donna has a account Donna Cook Data Manager Arkansas Superior Select University of Central Arkansas Little Rock, Arkansas Area 125 125 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Manager Company Name Arkansas Superior Select Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Govt Business Consultant - Technical Analyst Company Name First Data Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Little Rock, Arkansas Area Integrail Project Manager at State of Arkansas Company Name SXC Health Solutions Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Project Manager Company Name Arkansas Dept Information Systems Dates Employed Feb 1996 – Feb 2002 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Systems Analyst Company Name Arkansas Medicaid and TEA Dates Employed Jan 1982 – Feb 1996 Employment Duration 14 yrs 2 mos Education University of Central Arkansas Degree Name BSE Field Of Study Mathematics and Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 21 endorsements for Business Analysis 21 Business Analysis David Turbyfill and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Healthcare Information Technology See 15 endorsements for Healthcare Information Technology 15 Healthcare Information Technology Brad Campbell and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Process Improvement See 15 endorsements for Process Improvement 15 Process Improvement Paige Harrington and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) George Platt Corporate Compliance Director for Tribute Health Plans November 1, 2013, George managed Donna directly Donna is an outstanding asset to any technical project particularly related to health benefits. Her efforts were instrumental in building the ARBenefits system that supported over 170,000 members in a $600 million+ health plan. Knowledgeable, dependable, and willing to go the extra mile! Regina Jefferson Project Manager at Hewlett Packard Enterprise January 7, 2016, Regina worked with Donna in the same group I have worked with Regina for over two years. She is a detail oriented person. She loves organization. She is a master scheduler and is very knowledgeable of Project Management activities. She has performed exceptional Business Analyst (BA) activities. She is dedicated to work and has a strong work ethic. She is very personable. I would highly recommend Regina Jefferson for a position with your company. George Platt Corporate Compliance Director for Tribute Health Plans November 16, 2013, Donna reported directly to George George is an excellent Manager. He is always there to lend a hand and provide guidance. He encourages team participation and welcomes suggestions from subordinates. He has helped me grow professionally. Accomplishments Donna has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Benefits Administration System for Arkansas EBD Department Interests DataPath, Inc. 2,533 followers University of Central Arkansas 32,180 followers Duo Security 11,084 followers inVeritas 76 followers First Data Corporation 91,679 followers HP 2,446,962 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Murphy Senior Government Contracts & Market Analyst at Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Government Colgate University Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I provide targeted federal business intelligence that helps government and commercial clients grow their businesses and meet performance metrics. I am familiar with all stages of the federal planning, budgeting and acquisition cycle. I have particular expertise with federal budget, contract and grant databases. For over 30 years I have conducted strategic and tactical research on budgets, legislation, regulations, prime and sub-contracts and grants on behalf of hundreds of large and small businesses, Congress, federal/state/local government agencies, the press, trade associations, universities, consultants, non-profits and think tanks. In my role as Senior Data Analyst I provide data and market intelligence directly to Bloomberg Government's clients as well as provide support to the sales, analyst, marketing, product and customer support teams. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Paul’s Articles 902 followers Cloud Product Certification Process Simplified, Should Speed Review, Reduce Backlog Paul Murphy on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 23, 2016 See 51 more articles Abandoned Mines Are Focus of Restoration And Reforestation Efforts By DOI Paul Murphy on LinkedIn Publish dateJuly 15, 2016 Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name Bloomberg Government Dates Employed 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Washington D.C. As a Bloomberg Government Senior Data Analyst I assemble agency planning, spend, opportunity, regulatory and legislative information together for clients and other members of our BGOV team to pinpoint the most productive avenues of public and private sector collaboration. Over the last 35 years I have published hundreds of data studies and articles focused on government spend-related issues and trends, many focused on small and mid-tier businesses. As President of Eagle Eye Publishers I brought the first comprehensive desktop database of government contracts to market in 1988 and conducted groundbreaking research for the U.S. Small Business Administration. Following years of enhancements and analysis of this data our company merged with Bloomberg in 2010 to create the core of a new government division with a focus on contracts and budgets. I continue to publish dozens of insights and analyses each year, build product enhancements and respond to hundreds of internal and client information requests. My professional goal is to help vendors serve their government clients more effectively by identifying solutions to the government's most pressing requirements, using the rich variety of available financial data as a business development tool. Board Member Company Name IPRAF Dates Employed 2000 – 2016 Employment Duration 16 yrs President and Founder Company Name Eagle Eye Publishers, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 1986 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 24 yrs 2 mos As President and Founder of Eagle Eye Publishers I led our sales and marketing teams, established partnerships, edited weekly newsletters, wrote proposals, conducted internal and custom research, spoke extensively at industry events, conducted business development seminars, developed and maintained products, trained clients and wrote/published training materials. Education Colgate University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Peace & Conflict Studies, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1979 Colgate University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Peace Studies and Conflict Resolution Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1979 Volunteer Experience Bikes for the World Collection Organizer for 20 years Company Name Fundraiser for the Fairfax County Medical Care for Children Partnership Dates volunteered Dec 2000 – Present Volunteer duration 16 yrs 6 mos I have organized the creation of custom holiday ornaments for sale as a fundraiser to purchase health insurance for children in working poor families in Fairfax County, Virginia. Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Strategy See 38 endorsements for Business Strategy 38 Business Strategy Endorsed by 15 of Paul’s colleagues at Bloomberg Government Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 31 endorsements for Business Intelligence 31 Business Intelligence Endorsed by 11 of Paul’s colleagues at Bloomberg Government Click and drag to reorder skills Business Planning See 23 endorsements for Business Planning 23 Business Planning Endorsed by 12 of Paul’s colleagues at Bloomberg Government Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Paul has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Business Development Researcher & Strategist Paul has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Interests Doing Business with the Federal Government and Contractors 6,736 members Oracle 2,119,667 followers GSA Contract Holders Building their Federal Base 1,338 members Colgate University 30,639 followers TechCrunch 1,619,842 followers GovConChannel 53 members See all See all following
More Actions Cedric has a account Cedric Girardin Data Analyst UBM plc The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants London, United Kingdom 86 86 connections Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name UBM plc Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom • Worked under the leadership of the Senior Business Intelligence Analyst to analyse, test, map and combine multiple large data sets across several systems (Salesforce, Hyperion, ESOP, ASOP, Eventsforce and other sales systems) to ultimately provide an automated bespoke suite of standardised Management Dashboards in Tableau. Making significant time-savings from the labour intensive inefficient process that previously existed while allowing consistent and more insightful sales reporting on a timely basis.• Partnered across the UBM plc organisation with stakeholders, in both finance and non-finance departments, to document the current reporting procedures of the various business portfolios/brands in order to identify a set of standardised metrics and calculations, whilst at the same time ensuring all reporting requirements were satisfied in the standardisation process.• Developed a detailed understanding of each systems individual underlying data structure in order to reconcile and validate the combined data at their corresponding equivalent level.• Quality testing of big data sets. Interim Management Accountant Company Name Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children NHS Foundation Trust Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom • Prepared and presented the monthly financial position of the 'JM Barrie A' portfolio of the Trust.• Liaised with non-finance stakeholders to support them in the management of their budgets and achievement of their objectives.• Produced month-end journals.• Monthly forecasting.• Budget setting.• Financial reporting.• Variance analysis. Business Intelligence Analyst Company Name Equifax UK Business Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location London, United Kingdom • Implemented a Business Intelligence tool modelled on Activity Based Costing practices enabling new and detailed ROI insight to our stakeholders allowing them to make more informed strategic decisions.• Analysed key business drivers to determine the appropriate allocation of costs across business units, departments, delivery platforms, customers, products and sales verticals.• Assimilated and tested data across the UK & Ireland business units into a SAS ABM model.• Worked with the data warehouse Business Information Systems (BIS) team to develop best practice to manage the large data sets we were operating within.• Developed standardised, automated and interactive dashboards in TIBCO Spotfire for use across multiple internal functions and external customers.• Performed ad-hoc analysis and reporting – pricing (cost per unit), bid approvals, business case evaluations and new product initiatives (NPI) analysis.• Gained increased responsibility outside the scope of the original project, notably:- Supported the Head of Commercial Finance and M&A in the design of an excel model to assess the ROI of a potential high value acquisition.- Assisted the Senior Commercial Financial Analyst in the preparation of the annual cost budget for the UK & Ireland business; developing Excel models to forecast monthly contractor head count and cost.- Improved the Commercial Revenue Finance Manager month-end reporting process by building an automated monthly reporting pack in TIBCO Spotfire for revenue results by clicks.- Led the initiative to build a shared access database of customer contract details.- Reviewed the revenue recognition process across Equifax Ltd.’s multiple billing platforms and identified over c£200k of incorrectly billed clients in the 2014 financial year. Management Accountant Company Name Sofrana Unilines Ltd Dates Employed May 2012 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Auckland, New Zealand • Preparation of monthly management reporting packs, analysis, commentary, presentation and recommendations to senior management.• End-of-the-Month accounting procedures.• Preperation of P&L statements.• Checking and coding invoices.• General journal entries.• Cash flow forecasting.• Accruals.• Prepayments.• Monthly balance sheet reconciliations.• Exchange rate variance analysis.• Variances analysis.• End of year budgeting and forecasting.• Liaising with external auditors.• Joint-venture accounting.• Assisting colleagues with ad hoc duties.• Generated cost savings by identifying key areas where operational improvements could be made.• Introduced new processes to improve the efficiency in the processing of ledger reconciliations. Overseas Travel Company Name Overseas Travel Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Backpacked through South East Asia & Europe. See more positions Education The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 Current student (part-qualified through exemptions) University of Auckland Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study International Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 Auckland Grammar School Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 Cambridge IGCSE, AS & A Levels Featured Skills & Endorsements Management Accounting See 6 endorsements for Management Accounting 6 Management Accounting Keith McGill and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Excel Models See 7 endorsements for Excel Models 7 Excel Models Heather Williams and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Leye Taiwo and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Cedric has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Capitalism: Success, Crisis and Reform (2014), Douglas W. Rae, Open Yale Courses Financial Markets (2011), Robert Shiller, Open Yale Courses Financial Theory (2009), Robert Shiller, Open Yale Courses Financial Theory I (2008), Andrew Lo, MIT Sloan School of Management OpenCourseWare Handling Data, Wolters Kluwer CHH Learning Principles of Macroeconomics (2015), Thomas Wyrick, Open Course Missouri State University Psychology and Economics (2013), Daniel Acland, Free Online Courses UC Berkeley The Federal Reserve and the Financial Crisis (2012), Ben Bernanke, Online Series George Washington University Cedric has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests CME Case Shiller Home Price Futures 335 members Auckland Grammar School 3,187 followers Equifax UK Business 598 followers Banking & Finance 11,211,537 followers UBM plc 21,130 followers Spotfire User Group - SFUG for Spotfire Analytics Developers, Enthusiasts and Practioners 3,035 members See all See all following
More Actions Shashi Bhushan has a account Shashi Bhushan TN Artificial Intelligence Senior Analyst, The Dock at Accenture Accenture National College of Ireland Ireland 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Artificial Intelligence Senior Analyst Company Name Accenture Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Dublin, Ireland Research Intern Company Name IBM Research, Ireland Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Dublin, Ireland Team Lead Company Name Wealth-X, India Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Mysuru Area, India Research Analyst Company Name Wealth-X, India Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Mysuru Area, India Education National College of Ireland Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Data Analytics Grade First class Honors (1.1) Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Modules:Programming for Data AnalyticsAdvanced Data MiningStatistics for Data AnalyticsData VisualizationData Warehousing & Business IntelligenceData Storage and ManagementResearch in ComputingStrategic ICT & e-business Implementation Visvesvaraya Technological University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Grade First Class Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 10 endorsements for R 10 R Endorsed by 2 of Shashi Bhushan’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 17 endorsements for Java 17 Java Endorsed by Sinduja Nagaraj and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Shashi Bhushan’s colleagues at Wealth-X Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 11 endorsements for Python 11 Python Ryan Lacerna and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Shashi Bhushan has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Kannada Shashi Bhushan has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Dynamic Model Evaluation of Distributed Machine Learning Algorithms in Apache Spark(MLlib) Parallel Implementation of Stock Market Technical Analysis Algorithms Using Hadoop MapReduce Text Analytics on Yelp User Reviews Interests DJ PatilDJ Patil is a LinkedIn Influencer Former U.S. Chief Data Scientist; built & run product teams @ LinkedIn etc; done a bunch of security and some data too 458,617 followers Hadoop Users 98,331 members KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,126 members Michael DellMichael Dell is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Chairman at Dell Technologies 463,478 followers RDataMining: R and Data Mining 25,912 members Pulse 1,535,187 followers See all See all following
More Actions Maggie has a account Maggie Carlin Data Analyst at Academic Analytics International Voices Project Columbia College Chicago Greater Chicago Area 153 153 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am looking for freelance theatre projects to further my experience in the industry, as well as part-time research or data input work. Highlights Experience Administrative Manager Company Name International Voices Project Dates Employed 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Logan Square, Chicago IL Literary Manager, Communications Manager, PR, Research, Box Office, Newsletters Media (1) This position has 1 media COVER PAGE COVER PAGE This media is a link Data Analyst Company Name Academic Analytics Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Research, Data matching Hostess Company Name Telegraph Winebar Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Answering Phones, Greeting Guests, Assisting Managers in preparations for service, Communicating to Chefs and Staff information regarding Guests, Mapping out Floor Plan, Seating customers according to Rotation. Reader/Dramaturg Company Name Stage Left Theatre Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Chicago, IL Reader-Reading several scripts and discussing with a committee which fit their mission statement. Dramaturg - Researching specific show, putting together an actor packet with research and presenting it to actors and director, attending rehearsal for any questions regarding the research. Casting Coordinator and Communications Manager Company Name Caffeine Theatre Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Chicago, IL Gathering and Organizing actors information, Setting up auditions, Coordinating with staff on shows, and meetings. See more positions Education Columbia College Chicago Degree Name 2008 Field Of Study Theatre/American Sign Language Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Theatre-Acting MajorAmerican Sign Language Minor Volunteer Experience Dramaturg for Dionysos Series Company Name Polarity Ensemble Theatre Dates volunteered 2014 – 2015 Volunteer duration 1 yr Cause Arts and Culture I worked with playwrights and directors, helping with improvements on their scripts. I headed table reading discussions and worked as an objective source for the playwright to discover the possibilities their script could take. Featured Skills & Endorsements Theatre See 14 endorsements for Theatre 14 Theatre Kristina Schramm and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Casting See 5 endorsements for Casting 5 Casting Eamonn McDonagh and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Dramaturgy See 3 endorsements for Dramaturgy 3 Dramaturgy Madilynn Beck Weant and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Maggie has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language American Sign Language Interests Columbia College Chicago 66,848 followers Northlight Theatre 266 followers Columbia College Chicago 64,413 followers Stage Left Theatre 104 followers Pulse 1,535,187 followers
More Actions Peter has a account Peter Tanner Director, Data Science at Capital One Capital One University of Waterloo Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Specialties: Marketing and Credit Risk Analytics, Predictive Modeling, Geodemographics, Digital Analytics, Political Analytics, Sports Analytics Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Peter’s Activity 645 followers Dr. Brian Macdonald, Director of Analytics for the Florida Panthers has joined FAU MBA-Sport faculty as adjunct professor of Sports Analytics. Analytics directors from S. Florida's other professional sports teams will assist Dr. MacDonald as course facilitators. Peter liked Data Science 2017: Salaries, Demographics, & HiringTrends Peter liked Capital One Canada Introduces Free Credit Score Checks for Cardholders Peter liked See all activity Experience Director, Data Science Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Toronto, Canada Lead team of thirteen data scientists (four direct reports and nine skip levels) with a focus on digital and credit analytics Senior Manager, Data Science Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Data Analysis Manager Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Took leave of absence from March to November 2012 to work on analytics at the Obama Reelection Campaign HQ Modeling Analyst, Analytics Department Company Name Obama for America Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Chicago http://swampland.time.com/2012/11/07/inside-the-secret-world-of-quants-and-data-crunchers-who-helped-obama-win/ Principal Data Analyst Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos See more positions Education University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelor of Mathematics - Honours Computer Science, Co-operative Program (With Distinction) Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Predictive Modeling See 32 endorsements for Predictive Modeling 32 Predictive Modeling Endorsed by 24 of Peter’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 28 endorsements for Data Analysis 28 Data Analysis Endorsed by Eric Walker and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 24 of Peter’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 22 endorsements for Analytics 22 Analytics Endorsed by Timothy Prescott and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Peter’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Peter has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications What Predicts Whether an NHL Coach Will Be Fired, And Whether It Matters Predicting NHL Concussions Interests Capital One Alumni Network 12,103 members Toronto Fintech 354 members Pulse 1,535,187 followers University of Waterloo 172,041 followers University of Waterloo 179,471 followers Obama Alumni 4,129 members See all See all following
More Actions Howard has a account Howard Saunders President at H&W Saunders Associates Ltd. BC Forest Appeals Commission Western University Vancouver, Canada Area 100 100 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Forty-five years as an analyst and consultant, primarily in the forest sector:Forest Products Analyst for investment dealers, assisting in investment bankingExpert opinion and analysis in international trade disputes - lumber countervailing duty and anti-dumping investigations, NAFTA Chapter 11 arbitration.Litigation support: Expert opinion and analysis in valuation and compensation in litigation and arbitration over timber, timber tenures, and manufacturing facilities.Arbitrator: Compensation for taking of forest rights; member, Forest Appeals Commission.Valuation and due diligence in acquisitions, asset impairment determination, allocation of purchase price to asset categories.Viability assessment of "troubled" companies.Strategic analysis related to timber supply and to market potential.Non-forest products:Information package for acquisition of multiple-voting shares of a major mining conglomerateFinancial model for proposed rubber-gloves manufacturing plant in the USFinancial model for proposed auto parts distribution company in the USAdviser on appeal of property tax assessment of leased property subject to long term fixed rate rental with periodic adjustment to market (100 year lease, rate reset every 33 years)Valuation parameters for marine terminal facilitiesSpecialties: Valuation, strategic analysis, litigation, arbitration, due diligence; primarily (but not exclusively) in the forest sector. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Member Company Name BC Forest Appeals Commission Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Victoria, BC Member of Appeals Commission (Administrative Law Tribunal)(Part-time) President Company Name H&W Saunders Associates Ltd. Dates Employed 1977 – Present Employment Duration 40 yrs Consultants in finance & economics in the forest sector. Member Company Name BC Forest Appeals Commission Dates Employed Apr 1997 – Mar 2001 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Victoria, BC Member of Appeals Commission (Administrative Law Tribunal)(Part-time) Forest Products Analyst Company Name RBC Dominion Securities Dates Employed 1986 – 1989 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Vancouver, Canada Area Vice President, Forest Products Analyst General Manager Company Name Interior Lumber Manufacturers' Association Dates Employed 1984 – 1986 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Kelowna, BC General Manager of lumber manufacturers trade association & lumber grading agency See more positions Education Western University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance & Production Dates attended or expected graduation 1968 – 1970 University of New Brunswick Degree Name BScF Field Of Study Forestry, Wood Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 1961 – 1966 Rothesay Regional High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1957 – 1961 Featured Skills & Endorsements Forest Products See 10 endorsements for Forest Products 10 Forest Products Michael Stone and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Due Diligence See 9 endorsements for Due Diligence 9 Due Diligence Steven Bercek and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 8 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 8 Mergers & Acquisitions Fred Parker and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) George Macauley Director at Macauley & Associates Consulting Inc. December 28, 2013, George worked with Howard but at different companies Howard is an excellent analyst whether involved with many facets of the forest industry or other sectors of the economy. Howard can take a very complicated situation, analyze available data, look at the issue from a variety of lenses, derive solutions and communicate his findings and recommendations verbally and in reports in a way that a wide array of readers including politicians can not only understand but run with. Howard is a team player that can be relied upon to play his role in an assignment and support others through difficult engagements in terms of complexity, clients and time pressures. George Macauley Director at Macauley & Associates Consulting Inc. December 24, 2013, George worked with Howard in the same group George shepherded three other cats through a study to produce a report by four contributing authors that read like it only had one author. One of the most successful project reports that I have worked on! Accomplishments Howard has 5 courses 5 Expand courses section Courses Canadian Securities Courses I & II Chartered Financial Analysts Courses I, II & III Decision Writing Skills (for Tribunal members Hearing Skills (for arbitrators and mediators) Partners, Directors and Senior Officers Exam Interests University of New Brunswick 46,657 followers Pulse 1,535,187 followers University of New Brunswick 49,860 followers Western University 162,265 followers Western University 171,116 followers
More Actions James has a account James Bennett Data Analyst Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation University of Washington Seattle, Washington 71 71 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent As an economics graduate with experience in software development, I am looking to gain experience and work in a space where my education and interest in data analysis intersects with the skills I've gained while writing software. I am intrigued to work with data and build robust products. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Seattle, Washington Responsible for cause specific mortality data for the Global Burden of Disease health study.• Developed a data process to reduce computing resource usage by 50%, while also increasing utility of our data.• Implemented a diagnostic process and visualization tool covering all datasets in use for our research, providing insight for researchers into our data quality and processing accuracy.• Write scripts utilizing parallel computing to process terabytes of heterogeneous cause of death data. • Respond to ad hoc inquiries and prepare reports for researchers and management on specific areas of interest. Software Developer Intern Company Name Smilebox Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Redmond, WA • Contributed to the core web application, fixing bugs and developing features. • Shipped code on a weekly basis for A/B testing and analytics functions resulting in development time saved.• Involved in design discussions and agile project planning, making company a wide presentation on our work. Education University of Washington Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Coursework in Econometrics, Finance, and Computer Science. Featured Skills & Endorsements Java See 2 endorsements for Java 2 Java Robert Bezirganyan and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 4 endorsements for Python 4 Python Megha Arora and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills R See 2 endorsements for R 2 R Uma Coimbature, MBA and CSM and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments James has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Data Structures and Algorithms Econometric Applications Econometric Theory Game Theory International Macroeconomics Investment Capital & Finance Monetary Economics Multivariable Calculus Interests University of Washington 379,013 followers Perion Network 7,118 followers University of Washington - Seattle 6,687 members University of Washington 357,818 followers Smilebox 532 followers Citadel LLC 42,119 followers See all See all following
More Actions Reesha has a account Reesha Santhosh MIS Graduate | Actively seeking Full Time opportunities (Graduation: August 2014) ZeOmega Rawls College of Business at Texas Tech University San Francisco Bay Area 177 177 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highly motivated IT Professional with hands on experience in Structured Query Language (SQL), Big Data, Business Analysis , Business Intelligence, Database design and Application development. Well-versed in all phases of the software development life cycle with a strong working knowledge of Project Management. 2+ years of industry experience as a Systems Engineer with good analytical and problem solving skills. Seeking job opportunities as Business Analyst| ETL Developer/Data Analyst/Data Architect| Systems Analyst.SKILL SET:• Databases: MySQL, Teradata, MS SQL Server 2008, MS SQL Server 2012• Business Intelligence Tools: MS Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS-SSAS, SSIS), Pentaho Data Integration (ETL-Extract Transform Load, using Kettle), Tableau, TIBCO Spotfire, MS Excel (Proficient in Macros/Graphs), XL Miner• Statistical/Data Mining Tools: SAS 9.1, SAS Enterprise Guide, SAS Enterprise Miner• Business Analysis skills/Project Management tools: MS Project, Visual Paradigm, MS Visio, Star UML, Gantt Charts, Pivot Table, Power Pivot, Power View• Data Mining Skills- Prediction Analytics, Decision trees, Regression analysis, Pattern discovery, Sentimental Analysis, Cluster analysis, Association Analysis, Neural Networks, Web Mining• Languages: C, C++, C# .NET, PHP, Unix Shell Scripting, Groovy Scripting, Core JAVA• Web Technologies: ASP.Net(C#), PHP, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, XML• Web Development Platforms: Microsoft Visual Studio, Expression Web 4• Content Management System: OmniUpdate See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience IT Business Analyst Company Name ZeOmega Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Plano, Texas • Work on the healthcare population management solution Jiva, developed by ZeOmega.• Work closely with clients to identify and provide analysis on current client business process flows and determine detailed requirements in the FRS document.• Create rule configurations using home grown Business Intelligence module, Sentinel Rules Engine (SRE) and automate them within Jiva using SRE events, attributes, criteria, actions and decision tables. Graduate Assistant for Application Development Company Name Texas Tech University Dates Employed May 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo • Assisted project manager during all phases of maintenance of application-based systems within an agile development.• Updated and maintained department web pages using PHP and MySQL Workbench.• Performed optimization of SQL queries in the PHP code for web pages, using MySQL Workbench.• Worked on Data modeling; and design and development of ETL (Extract Transform Load) process using BI tool, Pentaho.• Responsible for performance tuning of some ETL mappings.• Worked on migration of department database from physical to virtual server.• Assisted PM in developing effective documents for students, which would be used campus wide. Web Engineer Company Name Texas Tech University Dates Employed Dec 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos In charge of creating web pages, maintaining and integrating changes in the department website, using MySQL and ASP.net. Systems Engineer Company Name Infosys Technologies Ltd Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos • Implemented business logic using PL SQL queries and Stored Procedures as per requirements.• Developed archival adaptors to integrate Finacle (top-Ranking, award winning product of Infosys for Core Banking) with HP Database Archiving, a solution that enables banks to segregate and store huge historical data from the bank's databases separately in XML format, in a secure environment. The adaptors were built using Groovy and SQL scripts. UNIX commands and Shell scripts were extensively used for the project.• Enhanced database tables to include new changes applied to Business logic.• Performed data loading and created scripts to multiply records for the test database environment.• Performed optimization of SQL queries in the Groovy scripts for web pages.• Carried out Performance Testing of the archival adaptors, measured CPU/Memory utilizations using nmon and vmstat.• Automated Status Reporting of Development progress by creating macros and graphs using MS Excel.• Created training manuals and reference guides (videos) to show clients the use of archival adaptors. Education Rawls College of Business at Texas Tech University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Management Information Systems Grade 3.916 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Amrita School of Engineering Degree Name Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) Field Of Study Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 10 endorsements for SQL 10 SQL Endorsed by Sayali Jojan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Reesha’s colleagues at Texas Tech University Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 2 endorsements for Data Warehousing 2 Data Warehousing Akhila R and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 4 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 4 Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by 2 of Reesha’s colleagues at Texas Tech University Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Reesha has 11 courses 11 Expand courses section Courses Business Analytics Business Intelligence & Data Management Data & Text Mining Database Concepts ERP Systems Financial & Managerial accounting Internet Programming Languages Operations Management & Management Science Project Management Statistical Concepts for Business Management Reesha has 8 projects 8 Expand projects section Projects Information Technology Project Management Predicting First Day IPO Returns, Business Analytics Corporate Financial Analysis, Business Intelligence Global Bike Inc, Enterprise Resource Planning Medical Clinic System, Object oriented Analysis & Design Systems Analysis and Design for a Medical Clinic Ecommerce Website Development, Internet Programming Library Management System, Object Oriented Database Modelling Reesha has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Foundation Program Reesha has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award India Student Association Scholarship Interests Google 4,871,422 followers Groupon 219,895 followers EY 1,713,980 followers Tata Consultancy Services 1,328,182 followers Amazon 2,206,241 followers ZeOmega 4,353 followers See all See all following
More Actions William has a account William Briggs Entrepreneur zipLogix Eastern Michigan University Ann Arbor, Michigan 202 202 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Product Manager Company Name zipLogix Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Founder & Developer Company Name iiggy Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Digital Analyst / Lead Consultant Company Name Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan [Genpact-Jawood] Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Detroit, MI Member of the board Company Name Own Point of Sale Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos VP of New Business Initiatives (Project & Product Management) Company Name Own Point of Sale Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Education Eastern Michigan University Field Of Study Aviation Flight Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Development See 9 endorsements for Business Development 9 Business Development Thomas Black and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management See 4 endorsements for Program Management 4 Program Management Nick Carter and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 4 endorsements for Start-ups 4 Start-ups Rita Heidtman and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (4) Verdi Ergün Founder at Punch Group July 22, 2011, Verdi managed William directly William is a man of character. He is trustworthy. As long as I have known William he has been disciplined and hard working. He has integrity. He never passes judgment and is a joy to work with. Will Stone Developer, Designer, Strategist, & User Entrepreneur April 8, 2012, William worked with Will in the same group Bill consistently demonstrated superb work ethic and diligence. He handled major responsibilities and projects seemingly effortlessly and always made himself available to help those in need. He is extremely bright and utterly determined- this enabled him to accomplish any task thrown his way, even if he had little prior knowledge or experience in the area. He single-handedly researched, navigated, and directed our payment processing efforts for both internal needs and for our B2B applications. Bill was an incredibly valuable asset and a pleasure to work with. Will Stone Developer, Designer, Strategist, & User Entrepreneur April 7, 2012, William worked with Will in different groups Will is a talented, driven entrepreneur, and with his technical capabilities it makes him an adroit leader, problem solver and team member. Jack Speece Executive Director, Channels & Alliances at TriNet March 6, 2012, William was a client of Jack’s Jack is the kind of person that recognizes when something isn't working, researches & constructs a solution and delivers on it. He's willing to point out these flaws and work diligently to resolve the problem. He'll always point you in the right direction; this is evidence of his experience and knowledge he is able to articulate. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests zipLogix 100 followers
More Actions Vy P. has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Vy P. Nguyen, MBA Supervisor, Data Analysis & Optimization Rodan + Fields University of North Carolina at Charlotte Charlotte, North Carolina Area 371 371 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Executive Consultant Company Name Rodan + Fields Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina Area Supervisor, Data Analysis & Optimization Company Name Direct ChassisLink Inc. Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Charlotte, North Carolina Area Lead Data Analyst Company Name Direct ChassisLink Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs • Investigate and analyze trends of errors in data to find causes and develop solutions• Conduct data quality assessments to measure the quality of data to ensure Accuracy, Completeness, and Consistency• Assist in identifying the impact of proposed application development/enhancements projects• Responsible for the training and development for a team of 10+ members • Keep track of team performance through weekly reviews to promote growth and efficiency Data Analyst Company Name Direct ChassisLink Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos • Researched and analyzed large volumes of data to identify best practices• Continuously improve data quality and develop processes to present actionable information to leadership team• Collaborated and supported key teams to ensure the accuracy of data and billing to help achieve overall goals of the company Wealth Management Client Associate Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina Area • Provided account information to clients and served as first point of contact• Assisted with administrative tasks, including account set-ups and client relations• Supported Senior Financial Advisor to reach yearly team goals• Researched and created analysis reports for clients See more positions Education University of North Carolina at Charlotte Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 MAGNA CUM LAUDE University of North Carolina at Charlotte Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, Vietnamese Student Association University of North Carolina at Charlotte Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, Vietnamese Student Association Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name The Salvation Army Dates volunteered Dec 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 6 mos Counted kettles for the holiday season Featured Skills & Endorsements Mutual Funds See 10 endorsements for Mutual Funds 10 Mutual Funds Eric Chan and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 10 endorsements for Analysis 10 Analysis Michael Burgess and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Wealth Management See 7 endorsements for Wealth Management 7 Wealth Management Eric Chan and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Vy P. has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Vietnamese Interests Morgan Stanley 580,590 followers MDD Forensic Accountants 2,186 followers SunTrust Robinson Humphrey 7,426 followers Bank of America 793,048 followers Chatham Capital 1,272 followers EY 1,713,980 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lu has a account Lu Chen Data Analyst at Linden Lab Linden Lab The George Washington University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Lu is currently an analyst and programmer. She loves to program in python to process data, make discoveries and predictions from data and implement the algorithm end-to-end. To do so, she is continuous learning and exercising machine learning and python programming. In addition to her technical skills, she quickly ramps up with projects, keeps the big picture in mind and is eager to make a meaningful impact.She is searching for a team that is willing to collaboratively work on projects to ensure time and quality of deliverables, also, to discuss machine learning and to learn new technologies together aside of individual work.Skill sets: Python (Pandas, Numpy, Scipy, matplotlib, scikitlearn, sqlalchemy, NLTK, graphlab, argparse, urllib, etc.), Docker, Snowflake, Hive, Impala, MySQL, Tableau, RabbitMQ, R. Mac OS, Windows, Linux environment (Debian, Ubuntu, Cygwin, Vagrant, intermediate bash). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Linden Lab Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area Data Analyst Company Name Boost Media Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area -- Co-designed and developed a scoring and deleting system to eliminate low performance ads. -- Worked closely with Customer Success team to build statistical models to estimate time of testing which helps monitoring clients’ accounts. -- Assisted developing and deploying the end-to-end data science services via RabbitMQ and Docker. -- In Snowflake data warehouse, built schemas and tables and stress tested concurrency performance.-- Wrote python modules to create connection with relational and non-relational databases, S3 and transform JSON to access data-- Performed ad hoc analysis by A/B testing clients’ ads performance using statistical tests.-- Analyzed text ad using Python NLTK library.-- Contributed Git repository with highly readable and clean Python code that follows PEP8 convention. Research Analyst Company Name FuturOn Capital LLC Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Falls Church, VA Assistant Accountant Company Name MSN Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Beijing City, China • Implemented automation of monthly statements by arranging Dynamics AX data in Excel using Excel VBA.• Processed account payables, account receivables, reimbursements and tax payments daily.• Collaborated with Deloitte auditors on the company’s 2011 fiscal year financial statement auditing.• Managed electronic contracts and hard copy receipts and assisted with monitoring data change on monthly basis. Education The George Washington University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Selected Coursework: Multivariate Regression Analysis, Data Analysis(SAS), Data Mining(R), Financial Statement Analysis, Clinical Trails, Legal Statistics,Statistical Inference, Econometrics. Beijing Forestry University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Economics, Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 41 endorsements for Data Analysis 41 Data Analysis Endorsed by Ran Wei and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Lu’s colleagues at Boost Media Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 15 endorsements for Python 15 Python Endorsed by 8 of Lu’s colleagues at Boost Media Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 21 endorsements for SAS 21 SAS Endorsed by Shan Wang, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Lu’s colleagues at Boost Media Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Lu has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English French Lu has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Data Mining on Portuguese Bank Direct Marketing Data Legal Statistics -Voting Rights Act: Shelby Cnty. Alabama v. Holder Lu has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9 Interests Big Data 5,065,158 followers MLV & Co 1,642 followers 北京林业大学 10,689 followers WisdomTree Asset Management 39,388 followers Stata users 16,615 members comScore, Inc. 36,587 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephanie has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Stephanie Tuller Business Data Analyst II at Sprint Sprint Northeastern State University Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent SQL Database Developer / Reporting and Analysis• Strong analytical, problem solving, negotiating, organizational and prioritization skills• Participated in multiple projects by providing raw data as well as detailed data analysis• Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively to senior management and across organizations • Adept at leading multiple lines of business while successfully managing multiple projects• Working knowledge of Oracle SQL and MS SQL, including query writing, creating stored procedures, tables and scheduling jobs. Analyze data from multiple Oracle and SQL databases• Currently work in SQL BIDS, SSMS and SSIS via SQL Server 2008 R2• Proficient developing queries and reports for the JIVE Core and Analytics databases• Patent Holder - System and method for a customer care document management system (U.S. Patent 9,626,442) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Data Analyst II Company Name Sprint Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos With a focus on Social Media and Device Lease Giveback Reporting Interim SQL Developer/Supervisor Company Name Sprint Nextel Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos Location Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Area • Initially developed a variety of reports currently being used by an offline technical team for productivity, AHT trending, quality analysis, and stack ranking in Microsoft Access and have since migrated the reports to SQL Server 2008 R2. Setting up scheduled jobs for the reports improved productivity and allowed time for the development of additional reports.• Have worked closely with team members and upper management, systems and reporting teams as well as Staff Operations to produce data and conduct root cause analysis to determine business process improvements.• Participated in multiple projects by providing data as well as acting as a subject matter expert for local processes.• Have analyzed, designed and developed multiple queries and reports through SSIS that have allowed for optimization of staffing within the Oklahoma City offline team.• Developed local and enterprise level ticket quality reports via SSIS and worked with local web designer to develop associated web-based coaching applications. The reports are now used to gage ticket quality from agent to supervisor and manager and up to site level. The coaching applications provide supervisor level accountability for coaching of the agents.• Technical Support Supervisor for multiple lines of business. At one point simultaneously supervising a software testing team, quality analysts, web developers, and ticket team specialists. I also coordinated new hire training for the ticket team and was the point of contact for ticket workers working executive escalations. Currently responsible for developing a professional staff of Software Application Testers and a Web Developer. Technical Support Company Name Sprint Nextel Dates Employed Nov 2003 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Provided Tier II support for customers experiencing issues requiring more technical support. Education Northeastern State University Degree Name Organismic Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Francis Tuttle Field Of Study Database Technologies - Oracle Academy Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Obtained 1Z0-007 Oracle 9i SQL Certification Northeastern State University Field Of Study Cell Biology and Anatomy Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft SQL Server See 434 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 99+ Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by Delown Hill [L.I.O.N] and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 31 of Stephanie’s colleagues at Sprint Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media See 183 endorsements for Social Media 99+ Social Media Endorsed by V.A.Z. Enterprises Vincent S. DiBenedetto / Vinny The Guido, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Stephanie’s colleagues at Sprint Click and drag to reorder skills Jive See 161 endorsements for Jive 99+ Jive Endorsed by 5 of Stephanie’s colleagues at Sprint Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Likeable Social Media 273 members Managing communities with Jive 135 members Microsoft Business Intelligence 139,782 members Jive Software 5,579 members JIVEJobs 132 members MicroStrategy 12,845 members See all See all following
More Actions Senduren has a account Senduren Sivakumar Data Analyst at Unata Inc. Unata Inc. University of Waterloo Toronto, Ontario, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Currently a Data Analyst at Unata.Experienced in Data Analysis, Campaign management, Technical Project Management and multiple aspects of Information Technology. Finding unique and innovative approaches to solve complex problems. Using automation to make work (and life) simpler and efficient.Interests and skills are primarily focused on data analysis, the use of data to solve various problems and technical project managementBachelor of Arts (Honors Economics / Honors Arts & Business) - University of WaterlooExcellent analytical, problem-solving and project management skillsCertified Associate in Project Management (CAPM)Resume Available Online: www.senduren.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Senduren’s Activity 567 followers Stoked for Torsten Scholak & Diego Maniloff to present on 'Bayesian Machine Learning - Reasoning under Uncertainty with Edward' - Thurs 9am @pycon Senduren shared this Stoked for Torsten Scholak & Diego Maniloff to present on 'Bayesian Machine Learning - Reasoning under Uncertainty with Edward' - Thurs 9am #PyCon Senduren shared this Stoked for Torsten Scholak & Diego Maniloff to present on 'Bayesian Machine Learning - Reasoning under Uncertainty with Edward' - Thurs 9am #PyCon via Unata Inc. Senduren shared this See all activity Experience Data Analyst Company Name Unata Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Toronto, Canada Area Senior Data Analyst - Buyer Cloud Company Name Rubicon Project Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area ** Chango was acquired by Rubicon Project on Apr 27th, 2015 **On a daily basis I jump between:• Analysis, Reporting & Investigation via MapReduce/Spark, SQL, Python or digging through raw data• Marketing Projections/Estimates• Campaign Optimization• A/B Testing• Python Scripting/Tool Development• Web/Tool Development (Flask/Python)• Client Integrations Data Analyst - Analytics and Data Science (Intent Marketing formerly Chango) Company Name Rubicon Project Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Toronto ** Chango was acquired by Rubicon Project on Apr 27th, 2015 **On a daily basis I jump between:• Analysis, Reporting & Investigation via MapReduce/Spark, SQL, Python or digging through raw data• Marketing Projections/Estimates• Campaign Optimization• A/B Testing• Python Scripting/Tool Development• Web/Tool Development (Flask/Python)• Client Integrations Media (1) This position has 1 media Chango Rubicon Project | Chango Chango Rubicon Project | Chango This media is a link Data Analyst - Analytics and Data Science Company Name Chango Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area ** Chango was acquired by Rubicon Project on Apr 27th, 2015 **On a daily basis I jump between:• Analysis, Reporting & Investigation via MapReduce/Spark, SQL, Python or digging through raw data• Marketing Projections/Estimates• Campaign Optimization• A/B Testing• Python Scripting/Tool Development• Web/Tool Development (Flask/Python)• Client Integrations Technical Project Co-ordinator Company Name BlackBerry | Research In Motion Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Waterloo, Ontario, Canada • Created tracking and auditing system to consolidate tracking of Change Lists across multiple platforms, Code-lines and teams.• Troubleshot bugs in release candidates and devices• Documented processes and best practices for future use• Automated and created consolidated method of reporting for use by engineers and management.• Setup and managed a web server to present reports for use by TPLs and also other teams.• Assisted in improving TPL best practices and processes (documentation, tool testing). See more positions Education University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Honours Economics, Honours Arts and Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 William Lyon Mackenzie Collegiate Institute Degree Name Ontario Secondary School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Valedictorian for the graduating class of 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Online Marketing Analysis Online Marketing Analysis No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Marketing Analytics See 2 endorsements for Marketing Analytics 2 Marketing Analytics Endorsed by 2 of Senduren’s colleagues at Rubicon Project Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 5 endorsements for Statistics 5 Statistics Endorsed by 4 of Senduren’s colleagues at Rubicon Project Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Monique Hambre People Operations & Employee Experience Professional November 3, 2016, Senduren worked with Monique in different groups Monique is an integral part of the Rubicon Project Toronto team. From facilitating the post-acquisition transition to managing vendor relationships (to make sure we always had the best catered lunches and snacks), Monique takes great pride in creating a welcoming, fun and comfortable work environment. Monique organized countless events to help foster the culture at Rubicon Project Toronto. From impromptu breakfast treats to an incredible 100+ person event at a Toronto Raptors Playoff game - Monique's creativity, organizational skills and love of seeing others happy made her the heart of the Toronto office. I had the pleasure of working with Monique while I was at Rubicon Toronto and she was invaluable during our transition post-acquisition (from Chango to Rubicon Project.) She is creative, attentive, professional and innovative. She was involved in vendor management, event planning, renovation coordination and anything involving the office and it's 100+ employees. I would recommend her to anyone looking not only for an office manager but someone to help build an awesome culture within the organization. Accomplishments Senduren has 18 courses 18 Expand courses section Courses Accounting Information for Managers Algorithms and Data Structures Business Finance 1 Cost-Benefit Analysis and Project Evaluation Electrical Engineering Engineering Design with Embedded Systems Engineering Economics Fundamentals of Programming Genres of Business Communication Government and Business Senduren has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) Digital Data Solutions Certification Senduren has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project FIRST Robotics Competition - Electrical Component Leader Interests Project Management Institute 210,428 followers Rubicon Project 18,201 followers Unata Inc. 1,084 followers University of Waterloo 23,214 members University of Waterloo 172,041 followers Chango 3,876 followers See all See all following
More Actions Priyanka has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Priyanka Walke Data Analyst EY The University of Texas at Dallas - School of Management Dallas/Fort Worth Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Managed scope & delivery for assigned releases; Documented & published release notes; Scope documents, Use cases & test scenarios.• Demonstrated expertise in BI applications throughout SDLC. Performed market research, modeling & ad-hoc analysis of massive data.• Performed complex queries & data mining on huge data extracted from server logs using SQL server & MS Access during internship.• Expertise in creating UML diagrams such as Use Case, Activity, Class & Sequence diagrams using Rational Rose for planning purposes.• Proficient in GAP analysis, by seeking clarity in understanding ‘as-is’ state & collecting user requirements to determine ‘to-be’ state.• Collaborated with stakeholders & leads to detail & prioritize business requirements & develop custom reports to maximize profitability.• Participated in creation of Test plans with QA testing teams & business.Specialities:Business IntelligenceData AnalysisBusiness Data Warehousing SQLSASMarket ResearchTechnical Skills:• Databases : SQL Server 2008, MS Access, Oracle, Postgresql & MySQL.• Tools : MS Word/Excel/Visio/Access/PowerPoint/Project/SharePoint, SAP R/3, XL Miner, SAS Enterprise Miner 9.2 & Rational Clear case & Rose.• Operating Systems : UNIX, Ubuntu, Windows XP/NT & Linux Red Hat.• Methodologies : SDLC, Waterfall, RUP, Agile, SWOT, FTD, ERP, FIFO, OOD, Six Sigma, UML & Change management. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name EY Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Dallas, Texas Information Analyst II Company Name JPMorgan Chase Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Dallas, Texas • Develop and maintain SQL queries and procedures and troubleshoot SQL errors and performance issues for report generation.• Automate and streamline existing reporting and develop new reports to meet client requirements and enhance production process.• Worked on DOJ Second Lien Remediation Project to identify loans which meet the stipulated criteria and coded for the same.• Perform the necessary data analysis for report generation and daily report production to support Default operations and analysis. Solution Analyst Intern Company Name Ericsson Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area • Performed traffic modeling for the AT&T LTE MME traffic characteristics reports to analyze the performance & the processor load of the MME nodes.• Used MS Excel & internal tools like CANDI and PDC for analysis & generated reports.• Utilized MS SharePoint for Internal site creation and for creating requirement documents.• Wrote BRD, FSD, use cases, test scenarios & cases for testing the functional requirement & evaluated product performance using excel.• Wrote monthly reports, business cases, process models, test plans & coordinated the roll out of the IBACv4 boards to the different CUs.• Demonstrated expertise in preparing workflow charts, business documents, forms, technical manual & in researching test reports through testing.• Performed requirements gathering for Engagement Practices RNAM operators & consolidated the critical requirements. Data Analyst Company Name Cyquator Technologies Dates Employed Jan 2009 – May 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos • Developed an analyzer using JAVA to derive web site surfing trends & to determine the amount of data transfer & bandwidth utilization.• Wrote clear & complete Detailed Functional Specification & Impact Matrix documentation, ensuring the design is of the most efficient streamlined flow without redundancies.• Created database tables & performed complex queries on massive data sets for extracting useful information to meet customer needs.• Built reports that answered end-user questions and conducted data validation. Generated JSP pages to display results/reports. Education The University of Texas at Dallas - School of Management Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Management Information Systems, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Graduate Business Society, Entrepreneur's Club Shreemati Nathibai Damodar Thackersey Women's University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Computer Science and Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: IEEE Bhavan's College Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Databases See 25 endorsements for Databases 25 Databases Endorsed by Amey Shetye and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Priyanka’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 19 endorsements for Business Intelligence 19 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Swapnil Sonar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Priyanka’s colleagues at Ericsson Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 18 endorsements for SQL 18 SQL Endorsed by Swapnil Sonar and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Priyanka’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Doug Eckel MS Economics Program Coordinator Texas A&M University June 20, 2012, Doug was Priyanka’s mentor Priyanka was a leader in the Graduate Business Society, for which I was the faculty adviser. She contributed so much to the school through her involvement in student events and programs. She received a Dean’s Excellence Scholarship during her tenure here for her high academic performance and the role she played in the School of Management. As the Associate Dean for Graduate Programs at the Naveen Jindal School of Management, I highly recommend her for her technical skill, her buoyant attitude, and her leadership and seriousness. She will be a strong contributor to any organization she chooses to join. Eckel Jitesh Madhanlal Senior Business Consultant at Sabre Holdings March 3, 2012, Jitesh and Priyanka were students together Priyanka is a diligent student who is always open to new ideas and ways to implement them. She always finds a creative approach to solving even the most complex tasks. She is persistent in achieving goals and has high efficiency. I have known her as a very focused and hard working professional. She is a committed, talented and energetic individual with a strong work ethic.She also quickly learns new technologies and applies them in practice.She builds rapport and operates effectively with people at all levels of the organization. Her analytic and problem solving skills along with her practical skills will make her a catch for any employer. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Priyanka has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Advance Business Intelligence Business Data Warehousing Business Intelligence Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Information Technology and Strategy Management Operations Management Project Management Quantitative Analysis in risk and uncertainty in Business Spreadsheet Modelling System Analysis and Project Management Priyanka has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications ITIL V3 SAS Certification in Data Mining and Business Intelligence Interests AMD Consulting 297 followers CommonFloor.com 14,410 followers NetApp 332,563 followers Continental Airlines 39,673 followers Teradata 143,427 followers Philips 806,526 followers See all See all following
More Actions Swati has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Swati Bhatia Vice President at PayPal PayPal Birla Institute of Technology and Science San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Results-producing leader in Financial Services and Payments. Regularly chosen to spearhead business critical projects in diverse settings.Core Competencies: ★ General Business Management ★ Risk Management ★ Product Development ★ Team Building & Leadership ★ Analytics ★ Strategy ★ Statistical modeling ★ Business Management – Employ an entrepreneurial approach in translating ideas into actionable solutions. Work with senior executives to further business objectives and drive cultural change. Select accomplishment – At PayPal, aided the change in culture from a pure loss reduction to a balanced approach of enabling growth through lowering friction from Risk experiences while managing Risk. Drove PayPal’s Voice of Customer initiatives for Risk resulting in $30M additional profitability while reducing over $50M in losses. ★ Risk Management – An accredited Credit Officer at CapitalOne and a member of PayPal’s Risk leadership team with demonstrated ability to manage risk while driving growth and profitability. Select accomplishment – Engineered CapitalOne’s market entry strategy into Prime Transactor Credit card business through behavior based risk modeling approach. Got recognition for most innovative analytics approach for decision making from Chief Credit Officer. ★ Product development – An innovative change leader with strong track record of leveraging Customer inputs, experimentation, data and analysis to develop disruptive new products, taking them from concept to market. Select accomplishment – Grew share of online originations for CapitalOne from 5% to over 30% within a year by creating solutions that better matched products to customers based on their need and credit profile in a non-prescreened environment ★ Team Assembly & Direction – Building and sustaining top-performing teams. Excellent ability to locate, hire, and direct top talent. Utilize a motivational, employee empowerment style to push team members towards exceeding expectations. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Vice President, Product simplification & growth Company Name PayPal Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Head of Regional Risk, Financial Risk Management Company Name PayPal Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Responsible for financial risk management for all Regions (NA/EMEA/APAC/LATAM) . Manage portfolio risk, deliver risk strategies optimized for business profitability with minimal customer friction. Responsible for PayPal’s Dispute Resolutions and Customer Protection program for solving conflicts between buyers and sellers for PayPal’s payments. Managing the end to end decisioning and execution of the program. Total program costs over $200 million/year impacting millions of PayPal users. Sr. Director, Global Risk Strategy and Policy Company Name PayPal Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Responsible for risk policy, with accountability for both loss and customer experienceDeveloped PayPal’s overall risk strategy and built the governance framework to improve quality of risk management.Lead the charge for managing both buyer (predominantly fraud) and seller (predominantly credit) risk Changed the culture from a pure loss reduction focus to a balanced approach of enabling growth, maximizing margin and lowering customer friction while managing risk.Drove over $50M in loss reduction and delivered over $30M in additional profitability via business enablement on an annual basis.Played a leadership role on the PayPal Voice of Customer program, which dramatically improved the user-experience for our customers.Played a leadership role on the PayPal Sr. Director & Credit Officer - National Lending Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Hand-picked to lead the effort to transform underwriting methodology for National Lending businesses (US Card, Small Business Lending, Personal Lending) in the face of worsening credit environment Led a cross-functional SWAT team from all business areas to overhaul credit policy standards employing cutting-edge analytics and retooled decision frameworksAdvise and consult with business units on credit governance matters and handhold them through the business planning and approval process, gaining sign-off from the office of the Chief Credit Officer Director – Online Product Strategy & Customer Experience, US Card Marketing & Analysis Company Name Capital One Dates Employed May 2006 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Accomplishments: Achieved the 6 fold increase in online share that was targeted; Crafted the product offer strategy and customer experience on the Capital One website, growing the share of online originations from under 5% to over 30% of total originations within 1 yearLed the overhauling of credit underwriting methodologies to mitigate the historically high credit risk of online originations, rendering the growth strategy viablePartnered with Brand Marketing to create compelling advertising campaignsManaged and developed a team of 15+ analysts See more positions Education Birla Institute of Technology and Science Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 54 endorsements for Analytics 54 Analytics Endorsed by Tom Poole and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Swati’s colleagues at PayPal Click and drag to reorder skills Risk Management See 49 endorsements for Risk Management 49 Risk Management Endorsed by Karim Noorali and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 18 of Swati’s colleagues at PayPal Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 32 endorsements for Strategy 32 Strategy Endorsed by Patrick Gauthier and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Swati’s colleagues at PayPal Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Lu Su Modeling Executive at Bank of America April 29, 2010, Swati worked with Lu in the same group I have partnered with Swati on a number of complex projects at Capital One. She was responsible for the business results, while I was responsible for statistical solutions. She has always stuck me as the kind of business leader who deeply understands the problem at hand and set effective strategic directions. Combined with exellent communication skills, she is able to channel resources to the most critical issues. She also drives results with energy and conviction that brings along people around her. I have truly enjoyed working with her because she has brought out the best in me as a business partner. Molly Vick Experienced Financial Services Analyst and Manager September 16, 2010, Swati managed Molly directly Molly worked as a direct report on my team at Capital One for almost a year and a half. She is an exceptional performer with talents that range far beyond analytics. She consistently pushed my thinking, on broad strategic questions as well as deeply technical ones, and played a big hand in shaping the business. Molly is energetic, enthusiastic, and really fun to be around. I would be delighted to have the opportunity to work with Molly again. Accomplishments Swati has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Hindi Interests Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani 84,524 followers Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani 90,921 followers ModernAnalyst.com - Business Analyst Community 68,629 members Pulse 1,535,188 followers Banking Careers 625,248 members Capital One Alumni Network 12,103 members See all See all following
More Actions Kim has a account Kim Marchek Programmer/Analyst at The Pennsylvania State University The Pennsylvania State University Learning Tree State College, Pennsylvania Area 82 82 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent First, I LOVE what I do! I love coming to work everyday and exploring new data and new ways to analyze the information to provide strategic insights to lead business decisions.During my career, I have gained a wide knowledge and understanding of data collection methodologies, principles and techniques. I have excellent data mining, cleansing and processing skills utilizing MS Excel, MS Access, and SQL. As a Data Analyst, a significant portion of my job is spent mining the data to determine what information is available to be analyzed. I often come across data that I think would be helpful for business decision making and share that information with key business leaders. I feel it is my responsibility to constantly seek ways to help those not as familiar with the data understand what information is available to them and how it might add value to their decisions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Programmer/Analyst Company Name The Pennsylvania State University Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location University Park, PA Data Analyst Company Name Penn State Outreach Marketing and Communications Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location University Park, PA - Promoted to Manger of the Customer Analytics team in March of 2014- Manage and develop strategic insights into our customers to drive business, marketing plan, and email campaign decisions and strategies.- Manage, train, and lead a team of 4 employees on the customer analytics team.- Oversee the development and deployment of charts and dashboards within iDashboards for Marketing Strategy use.- Identify and direct data analyses to ensure the needed strategic insight is provided to our customers.- Perform data analysis on a daily basis pertaining to Outreach prospects, applicants, students, and alumni.- Perform data cleansing and data validation through SQL on internal relational databases as well as data extracted from PSU Data Warehouse and external vendors.- Analyze customer data from multiple sources to predict who is more likely to continue through the buying stages (ongoing).- Leading a RFP to acquire a vendor who can provide more detailed information about our prospects so that we can perform lead scoring in order to develop more targeted campaign strategies. Business Analyst Company Name Penn State Human Resources Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Location University Park, PA - Met with staff to determine current and future data needs; develop and present recommendations for future business intelligence system.- Analyzed internal and external data to compare and contrast key performance indicators of PSU workforce trends versus other similar institutions.- Performed data cleansing and data validation through SQL on OHR relational databases. Business Analyst Company Name Penn State Outreach Marketing and Communications Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location University Park, PA - Rapidly learned and mastered SQL 2005 and 2008 to gather data from several sources and compile it together into prescribed format(s) for CRM system.- Utilized SQL 2008 to perform data cleansing, transformation and validation.- Led and facilitated meetings with Penn State Outreach managers and directors, and their academic partners, to determine and document current business processes and information needs.- Prepared and analyzed reports on system use.- Served as resource person for all system users on how the database is modeled and how to compile the data into accurate and useful reports to drive decision making. Data Analyst Company Name Penn State University Dates Employed Mar 2007 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location University Park, PA - Met with Penn State Outreach personnel to determine their information and data needs; performed and presented analyses with recommendations to guide business decisions. - Compiled and analyzed large datasets to analyze trends and identify potential business opportunities.- Evaluated requests; determined methodologies and procedures to carry out effective analyses.- Designed and prepared complex reports by compiling and analyzing data from multiple data sources (Penn State Data Warehouse, CRM system, and other Outreach systems) into reports to support strategic planning, performance measurement, and budget planning utilizing SQL 2005, MS Access, and MS Excel.- Created, nurtured, and maintained relationships with key leaders and staff within World Campus. Education Learning Tree Degree Name N/A Field Of Study Developing SQL Queries for SQL Server Grade Successfully passed the exam Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 - Develop complex and robust SQL queries, test queries and avoid common pitfalls- Leverage SQL to apply best practices for solving problems- Query multiple tables with inner joins, outer joins and self-joins- Transform data with built-in functions- Summarize data using aggregation and grouping Penn State University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Agriculture and Extension Education Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Penn State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Landscape Contracting Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 8 endorsements for Data Analysis 8 Data Analysis Mersida Kurti and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Higher Education See 7 endorsements for Higher Education 7 Higher Education Mersida Kurti and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Market Research See 5 endorsements for Market Research 5 Market Research Olivia Lewis and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,188 followers TMMData 300 followers Penn State World Campus 6,522 followers Penn State University 444,918 followers IMG College 5,952 followers iDashboards 3,215 followers See all See all following
More Actions Grant has a account Grant Jostol Business Data Analyst at Seattle Mariners Rover.com Brandman University, Part of the Chapman University System Seattle, Washington 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am currently a Business Data Analyst for the Seattle Mariners, and have extensive experience as a CRM administrator. I graduated from the University of Redlands in May, 2011 with a B.A. in Managerial Studies and a B.A. in Economics. I also have an MBA (emphasis in marketing) from Brandman University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Marketing Analyst Company Name Rover.com Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Business Data Analyst Company Name Seattle Mariners Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Data Analyst Company Name Sacramento Kings Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Sacramento, California Area • Strive to change company culture and use analytics to drive business decisions• Establish a standardized set of dashboards and reports that can be used throughout each season to monitor success, identify trends, and capitalize on opportunities• Develop prioritization and expectancy models in order to maximize sales efficiency• Use TIBCO Spotfire software for data visualization and real time reporting CRM & Analytics Coordinator Company Name Sacramento Kings Dates Employed May 2012 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Sacramento, California Area • Act as Salesforce Database Administrator for 75+ users, including ongoing training for sales reps, lead scoring and assignment, sales campaign design, and reporting for sales managers• Create dashboards and reports to share data with executives and NBA TMBO representatives• Use data and analysis to monitor sales and make recommendations for marketing strategies• Work closely with vendors to implement new programs and boost CRM capabilities• Manage call system that allows sales rep to make 75-100 phone calls per hour• Assist partnership representatives in market research for proposals to organizations across various industries• Strategically acquire new leads for targeted sales and marketing campaigns Inside Sales Representative Company Name Sacramento Kings Dates Employed Dec 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Sacramento, California Area • Led hiring class in sales revenue• Made personal and business phone conversations discussing products for Kings’ events• Provided consistently high levels of customer service• Used Salesforce CRM technology to maximize efficiency See more positions Education Brandman University, Part of the Chapman University System Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2015 University of Redlands Degree Name B.A. Managerial Studies and B.A. Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Study Abroad in Salzburg, Austria; Fall 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Salesforce.com See 16 endorsements for Salesforce.com 16 Salesforce.com Endorsed by Sheldon Gruendl, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Grant’s colleagues at Sacramento Kings Click and drag to reorder skills Sales See 14 endorsements for Sales 14 Sales Endorsed by 5 of Grant’s colleagues at Sacramento Kings Click and drag to reorder skills CRM See 10 endorsements for CRM 10 CRM Michael Peyton and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Katelyn Cassidy Recruiting for top Accounting and Finance talent November 18, 2011, Katelyn was senior to Grant but didn’t manage directly Grant Jostol is a compassionate, hard working person. When we worked together he showed dedication to his client building and perserverance when met with challenges. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Washington 379,015 followers University of Washington - School of Medicine 45,810 followers Microsoft 3,687,264 followers University of Washington - School of Medicine 45,639 followers University of Washington 357,818 followers eBay 274,362 followers See all See all following
More Actions Edison has a account Edison Guzmán-Prado SAP Consultant; Business Process Analyst. SABMiller Cornell Institute of Business and Technology Otago & Southland, New Zealand 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A skilled SAP Human Resource Consultant and Business Process Analyst with 8 years 5 months of working experience on full lifecycle projects as well as supporting upgrades, integration and successful roll-outs. Able to use initiative to develop effective solutions to process problems, with an active and dynamic approach to work and getting things done efficiently.‬My career objective is acquire the position of a Business Process Analyst or ERP Consultant and provide guidance to the organisation for planning and managing resources, and practical experience under expert guidance. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Process Analyst Company Name SABMiller Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Bogota, Colombia Responsibilities and achievements:• Recommend optimal solution delivery timescale/ mechanism (wave approach) to assure optimized deployment of functionality in SAP within each HR business processes. • Support each test with the different tools used to operate master data maintenance requests (i.e. CranSoft and HP Quality Centre (HPQC), and create LSMW or massive uploads.• Monitoring and resolution of inconsistencies in master data during Post-Implementation Review (PIR), to ensure proposed design solutions are optimized and take an end-to-end process view.• Train employees during and after SAP HR Implementation in 5 countries of the region.• Responsible for developing and reviewing of Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM), RICEFWs, and validating data quality and cleansing rules.• Responsible for creating MDM reports as well as other required deliverables and lead centralisation activities for the handover to the global delivery centre.Projects:DATA MANAGEMENT SHARED SERVICE CENTRE IMPLEMENTATION IN LATIN AMERICA: The project Data Management SSC promoted the data as a corporate asset and minimised operational risk through management of an effective master data governance organisation.This project designed and developed a Regional Data Management operating model for a centralised organisation in a Global Delivery Centre location (Bogota), as well as implemented IT tools (Cransoft for Data Quality and custom MDM Tool for Data Governance and Maintenance) as enablers of the operational enhancements. REGIONAL ORGANISATIONAL MANAGEMENT AUTHORITIES IN LATIN AMERICA: I provide an efficient and effective service to create and maintain relevant aspects of the regional organisation in SAP HR, whilst adhering to prescribed governance rules and business processes and in accordance to agreed Service Level Agreements (SLAs). SAP Junior Consultant Company Name Ideal Network Corporation S.A.S. Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Colombia Responsibilities and achievements:• Provide and customise SAP solutions to the requirements and problems faced by the organisation in each project stage. • Analyse HR processes and advise users on best practices in the SAP system.• Organisational processes re-engineering and training program definition in each project.Rollout Projects:IMPLEMENTATION PROCESS IN MINUTE OF GOD UNIVERSITY: Founded in 1990, educates more than 100,000 students. In this Project my role was review and correction on the system, each Human Resources Processes. As a result of this successful configuration, I customised the solutions in the SPRO transaction, providing user advice and training system.CORPORATION CHARISMATIC CENTRE: In this Project the connection points were defined and transported in each company codes. In addition, user scripts were successfully tested and documented. Business Process Consultant Company Name Estrategia Humana Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Bogota, Colombia Responsibilities and achievements:• I reviewed data of business functions and analysed how the business infrastructure is affected. I also reviewed customer inquiries, reports, and issues for quick response, proper documentation and trouble-shooting. Furthermore, I drafted reports and created diagrams on business process maps.Project:ANDES UNIVERSITY: Support the design of its organisational structure. A total of 1760 processes were reviewed and improved, in addition to the description of the positions and participation in the construction of an instrument for the evaluation of roles and responsibilities. HR Administrator & SAP Key User Company Name CLINICA PALERMO Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Bogota, Colombia Responsibilities and achievements:• Support SAP HR processes during testing period (i.e. Recruitment, Organisational Management, Personnel Administration, and Development Training). • Solving all problems regarding HR module (i.e. errors system, workflows, policies, etc.) • Write new documentation with the best practices. • Training with all employees regarding the HR processes.Project:• SAP IMPLEMENTATION PROCESS: As a Key User, I was responsible for HR implementation, integration and consulting of SAP Application during the project and after going live. In addition to helping with the requirement gathering, gap analysis, testing, user training conducting, application documentation and interface to end-customers. Practitioner Company Name Empresa de Acueducto y Alcantaillado de Bogotá ESP Dates Employed Jul 2004 – Jul 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Bogota, Colombia Responsibilities and achievements: • Worked closely with departmental managers to develop more efficient ways to complete various business processes. • Assisted in auditing company business plans and offering input on more efficient ways to complete certain processes. • Responsible for maintaining all digital and hard copy files for all business process analyst work in the company.Project:SAP CUSTOMISATION PROCESS: As a super user, I knew the business and supported people to answer system functionality or business process questions. I understood the process areas and how they are assigned department’s function. I further understood how the system has been implemented to support the business. Education Cornell Institute of Business and Technology Degree Name Intensive English Language Course at IELTS Field Of Study English Language and Literature, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Auckland, New Zealand. Since 17/Sep/2016 until 07/May/2017 Universitat de Barcelona & EAE Business School Degree Name Master Business Intelligence Field Of Study Business Intelligence Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Universitat de Barcelona, EAE Business School & OBS Skills SAP HR SAP HR Click and drag to reorder skills SAP R/3 SAP R/3 Click and drag to reorder skills SAP SAP Click and drag to reorder skills Smartforms Smartforms Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Oscar Meza Information Systems Director October 24, 2011, Edison worked with Oscar in the same group I have known Edison Guzman as a SAP Consultant for about a year, we worked together at Idealnetwork Corp, on a project based on Bogotá, Colombia.During that time i was able to realise that Edison is organized, efficient, extremely competent, and has an excellent rapport with coworkers and users. His communication skills, both written and verbal, are excellent.In summary, I highly recommend Edison for any position or endeavor that he may seek to pursue. I really think he will be a valuable asset for any organization.If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.Sincerely,Eng. Oscar Meza Abelardo Nuñez Pinzon Consultor SAP - ABAP March 7, 2013, Abelardo worked with Edison in the same group It is my pleasure to recommend Abelardo Nuñez, his performance working as ABAP Consultant for Ideal Network Corporation demonstrates that he will be a valuable asset to any company. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Sincerely,Edison Guzmán-Prado Accomplishments Edison has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Edison has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Data Management Shared Service Center Implementation in Latam HR - Regional Organisational Management Authorities (ROMA) Edison has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Fundamentals of Cooperative Behavior: Contributions to Building a Multidisciplinary Perspective Interests Bayer 697,607 followers Oxy 152,004 followers KPMG New Zealand 14,919 followers Efes Rus 2,208 followers University of Auckland 136,208 followers Sodimac Colombia 11,097 followers See all See all following
More Actions Spss has a account Spss Data Analyst SPSS Data Analyst Romania 9 9 connections Highlights Experience sales marketing Company Name SPSS Data Analyst Company Name self employed Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Location timisoara Descriptive statistics: Cross tabulation, Frequencies, Descriptives, Explore, Descriptive Ratio StatisticsBivariate statistics: Means, t-test, ANOVA, Correlation (bivariate, partial, distances), Nonparametric testsPrediction for numerical outcomes: Linear regressionPrediction for identifying groups: Factor analysis, cluster analysis (two-step, K-means, hierarchical), Discriminant Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,190 followers
More Actions Chris has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Chris Saden Software Engineer at Udacity Udacity Emory University San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a Full Stack Software Engineer at Udacity. I get to do incredible things everyday. If you want to learn more about Udacity, gain technical skills, or start a career in tech, visit udacity.com. Highlights Experience Full Stack Software Engineer Company Name Udacity Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location San Francisco As an engineer on Udacity's Careers team, I help students find a job they love, and I help employers find the talent they want. My work ranges across a number of projects including... Udacity Profiles (React, CSSModules, Webpack, Enzyme) marketing and product landing pages (Ruby/Rails, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, Sass, Rspec, Jasmine) data reporting and internal tools (React, Webpack, CSS Modules, Enzyme, Jasmine) back end APIs (Node, Coffeescript, PostgreSQL, GraphQL, ElasticSearch, Chai/Sinon) Career Resource Center (Ruby/Rails, Alchemy CMS, RSpec) Media (4) This position has 4 media Previous Next Student Success Stories Student Success Stories This media is a link Career Resource Center Career Resource Center This media is a link Hire Udacity Talent Hire Udacity Talent This media is a link Career Support Offerings Career Support Offerings This media is a link Course Developer Company Name Udacity Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Palo Alto, California Taught and designed 4 online courses (Product Design, Data Visualization with D3.js, Data Analysis with R, and Visualizing Algebra) in collaboration with industry experts to reach 100,000+ learners.Beta tested curriculum and revised assessments to increase student retention in paid subscriptions.Drafted and refined Content Team’s values guiding course development for 60+ employees.Product Design - https://www.udacity.com/course/product-design--ud509Learn the foundations of product validation and user experience design through Google’s Design Sprint methodology. You'll learn strategies for ideation, research, validation, prototyping, and measurement (product metrics).Data Visualization and D3.js - https://www.udacity.com/course/data-visualization-and-d3js--ud507Learn the fundamentals of data visualization and apply design and narrative concepts to create your own visualization.Data Analysis with R - https://www.udacity.com/course/data-analysis-with-r--ud651Learn how to visualize and interpret data sets alongside myself and three data scientists at Facebook. Break free from Excel to have reproducible results, web-ready reports, and documented analyses written in code.Visualizing Algebra - https://www.udacity.com/course/visualizing-algebra--ma006Learn how to solve problems with visual algebra methods. Topics range from fractions to factoring to logarithmic functions. Media (4) This position has 4 media Previous Next Product Design | Udacity Product Design | Udacity This media is a link Data Visualization and D3.js Course | Udacity Data Visualization and D3.js Course | Udacity This media is a link Exploratory Data Analysis Using R | Udacity Exploratory Data Analysis Using R | Udacity This media is a link Visualizing Algebra (Intermediate College Algebra) Course | Udacity Visualizing Algebra (Intermediate College Algebra) Course | Udacity This media is a link Faculty Member Company Name Elite Educational Institute Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Instructed classes of 18 students for SAT I Math with an average growth of 20% per student.Provided over 180 hours of tutoring in Mathematics (all levels), Chemistry and Physics.Taught specialized curriculum for SAT II Subject Tests (Math IIC and Chemistry) and SSAT leading to an average of 150 point gains per student.Created curricula to teach preview classes of Geometry and AP Chemistry, 17 and 5 students respectively. Administrative Assistant Company Name Pacific Coast Psychiatric Associates Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Managed $1.3 million in billing through insurance payments, reports and patient outreach to yield an average monthly collection rate of 98%.Confirmed scheduling and insurance coverage for approximately 400 clients.Created 40+ paged Standard Operating Procedures Manual including technical troubleshooting for claims and usage of Psych Advantage, a business management software. Corps Member Company Name Teach for America Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos One of 250 Bay Area Corps Members selected from over 35,000 applicants who commit two years to teach in under-resourced or rural schools and become lifelong advocates for educational equity.High School Math Teacher, Life Academy, Oakland UnifiedRewrote Algebra II curricula for 100 students resulting in a 22% increase of students scoring “Basic” and above on the Algebra II CA standardized test.Coordinated and instructed 4 hours of weekly academic intervention with the Extended Day Program resulting in a 73% CAHSEE passage in 2010 and 82% passage in 2011 (65% passage at Life Academy and 63% passage in OUSD in 2009).Aligned Geometry curricula to state standards for 40 students and created two units of inquiry.Advised 20 students (all grade levels) in academics, internships and college/career paths. See more positions Education Emory University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Chemistry and Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: 100 Senior Honorary, Founding Father of the Kappa Sigma Fraternity Alpha Chapter, FAME Student and Staff Leader, Orientation Leader, Tour Guide, Club Tennis, Knight of Emory Spirit, National Society of Collegiate Scholars, Order of Omega, Omicron Delta Kappa Hack Reactor Field Of Study Software Engineering and Javascript Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 HackReactor is an immersive, advanced software engineering program specializing in Javascript, Full Stack Development, and Pair Programming. Alliant International University Degree Name Single Subject Teaching Credential Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Preliminary Single Subject Teaching Credential Featured Skills & Endorsements Curriculum Design See 41 endorsements for Curriculum Design 41 Curriculum Design Endorsed by Nisha Wadhwani, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Chris’ colleagues at Udacity Click and drag to reorder skills Curriculum Development See 34 endorsements for Curriculum Development 34 Curriculum Development Endorsed by Nisha Wadhwani, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Chris’ colleagues at Udacity Click and drag to reorder skills JavaScript See 28 endorsements for JavaScript 28 JavaScript Endorsed by Eric Le and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Chris’ colleagues at Udacity Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Eric Le Senior Software Engineer at Atlassian September 24, 2015, Chris worked with Eric in the same group I worked with Chris on a 4-week thesis project at Hack Reactor. Chris is very smart and fun to work with. He helps the rest of the team understand React, Redux and Webpack and that is tremendously useful for our project. I would love to work with Chris again on future project Jennie S Yip Hybrid // Designer + Developer // Front-end Design Engineer @ Udacity October 11, 2016, Chris worked with Jennie S in different groups I had the pleasure of working with Jennie on a number of Udacity's landing pages and Udacity's first major rebrand. She brought strong technical skills and an exceptional attention to detail to each of our projects. In addition, Jennie held herself to a high standard when it came to writing modular, re-usable code. She consistently found ways to refactor our Sass architecture and JavaScript, keeping technical debt low and developer happiness high. She excels at code reviews and feature testing, and our projects were a success because of her commitment to her work and the team.In addition to being a strong developer, Jennie charged herself with making development and design easier at Udacity. Jennie created a manifesto of Front-End development standards, and many of Udacity's developers and products have benefited from that work.All in all, I simply wish I had more opportunities to work with Jennie. Eric Le Senior Software Engineer at Atlassian September 22, 2015, Eric worked with Chris in the same group While working with Eric, he remain dedicated to the project from start to finish. He's a great collaborator, and he consistently uncovered new information to integrate external APIs into the codebase, including Amazon's Product Advertising API, Clarifai's API, and Etsy's API. Eric particularly shined when setting up models and data handlers on the backend using MongoDB/Mongoose. I'd be happy to work with Eric again, and I'd highly recommend him for other software projects. Accomplishments Chris has 25 courses 25 Expand courses section Courses Algorithms: Crunching Social Networks Computing for Data Analysis (R) Data Analysis (R) Data Wrangling Intro jQuery Intro to AJAX Intro to Marketing Intro to Relational Databases Intro. Object Oriented Programming Intro. to Computer Science (Python) Chris has 14 certifications 14 Expand certifications section Certifications Ruby Programming Nanodegree Learning How to Learn Principles of Computing Practical Machine Learning Regression Models Exploratory Data Analysis Reproducible Research Statistical Inference Getting and Cleaning Data R Programming Chris has 6 projects 6 Expand projects section Projects Product Design Data Visualization and D3.js Data Analysis with R Visualizing Algebra Drink Tab Jibe Chris has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages French Italian Spanish Interests Emory University 8,084 members Emory Alumni Association 24,624 members Hack Reactor 3,396 followers Emory University 92,822 followers Sebastian ThrunSebastian Thrun is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO KittyHawk Corporation / President, Udacity / Adjunct Professor, Stanford 80,668 followers Udacity 54,470 followers See all See all following
More Actions JIM has a account JIM VILLANUEVA Data Analyst at Globe Telecom Globe Telecom Philippines 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Globe Telecom Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Globe Telecom 61,137 followers Pulse 1,535,190 followers
More Actions Micah has a account Micah Ricketts Real Time Coordinator/ Data Analyst at LanguageLine Solutions LanguageLine Solutions UK University of Hertfordshire London, Greater London, United Kingdom 368 368 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am highly competent, quick learner, motivated and enthusiastic analyst with experience, working on my own or as part of a team in a busy office environment. I possess a proactive work ethic; great attention to detail and take pride in being highly organised. I am confident I can walk into any work place and hit the ground running. I am a confident user of all IT systems and have great understanding of Microsoft office programs and others such as intermediate in Salesforce, Kibana, and self-learning SQL. I am extremely approachable and flexible with a ‘can-do’ attitude that engenders respect and admiration from work colleagues. I have a proven ability to meet strict deadlines and am proficient at prioritizing and working through challenges on my own initiative. I am looking for a challenging and dynamic role where I can make a significant and valuable contribution. I am continuously seeking new challenges, as self-development is very important to me. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Micah’s Activity 367 followers I interviewed a candidate yesterday and can't get him out of my head. He wasn't a rock star, purple squirrel, or any other absurd term. He didn't wow me or change my world view. He did, however, leave an impression. He was forthcoming, honest, articulate, and lit up when he talked about the things he was passionate about. He seemed very genuine to me. When I was filling out the interview forms, I began to compare him to others that I've interviewed and in turn to doubt myself about whether or not to push him forward. After talking with one of the other interviewers (Stephanie Hinten), we came to the same conclusion: he's not earth-shattering, but there's something there. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it will become. I don't know if I made the right decision with pushing him forward. But my gut tells me he's special. We had him meet with a director and that director felt it (or something like it) too. So we offered him the job. We don't know how this will turn out, but we know he's worth a shot and possibly much more. We have to stop putting people side by side and instead let them stand alone. We have to see them for who they are outside of what we want them to be. We need to be willing to take chances on people. I'm excited to see if we're right about him. Micah liked I am on the search for Real Time Analysts who are looking for a new challenge or to possibly re-locate. I am working with a large FTSE 100 company who are aggressively expanding their Real Time function to 25+ analysts. Very Competitive package with huge opportunity to progress internally. Location is North West London. Please email me at:- lawrence@pactrecruit.com or call 0203 869 4544 if you are interested. Micah liked At age 23, Tina Fey was working at a YMCA. At age 23, Oprah was fired from her first reporting job. At age 24, Stephen King was working as a janitor and living in a trailer. At age 27, Vincent Van Gogh failed as a missionary and decided to go to art school. At age 28, J.K. Rowling was a suicidal single parent living on welfare. At age 30, Harrison Ford was a carpenter. Julia Child released her first cookbook at age 39, and got her own cooking show at age 51. Vera Wang failed to make the Olympic figure skating team, didn’t get the Editor-in-Chief position at Vogue, and designed her first dress at age 40. Stan Lee didn’t release his first big comic book until he was 40. Samuel L. Jackson didn’t get his first major movie role until he was 46. Morgan Freeman landed his first major movie role at age 52. Whatever your dream is, it is not too late to achieve it. Never tell yourself you’re too old to make it. Never tell yourself you missed your chance. Never tell yourself that you aren’t good enough. You can do it. Whatever it is. Micah shared this "Someone became a CEO at 25, and died at 50, while another became a CEO at 50and lived to 90 years. Obama retires at 55, while Trump starts at 70. Everyone in this world works based on their "time zone"​. Everyone is running in their own time. Life is about waiting for the right moment to act. So, RELAX. We are not late we are not early. We are very much ON TIME in our TIME ZONE." Micah shared this See all activity Experience Real Time Coordinator and Data Analyst Company Name LanguageLine Solutions UK Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Canary Wharf, London, United Kingdom • Being the first point of contact for all freelance telephone interpreters. Providing analysis of peak times for telephone calls, assisting with technical telephone system queries.• Producing and presenting weekly report to senior management on the effectiveness of process improvement projects • Review volumes of available call agents and average call answer times and communicate with Real Time Operations in the US team to ensure remedial action is taken when necessary• Contributing to comprehensive project aimed at delivering increased service levels for UK clients using the telephone interpreter service. • Designing, implementing and managing process improvement initiative aimed at increasing the engagement levels of new freelance interpreters. Freelance Administrator Company Name Work experience Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Intermittently working to set up computer networks and systemsCoordinating & administering training for the new systemsCreating spreadsheets, invoices and database documentsKey Achievements: Teaching my Mother how to use a computer and her new Smartphone. Administrative Assistant Company Name Chartered institute of Public Relations Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Taking payments from Current and New MembersInputting new member’s information onto the Integra systemMaking outbound calls to current members checking information on the system is correctRestructuring the file room with new members files as well as removing lapsed members fileReceiving inbound calls from current members and answering queries Paying great attention while handling members information Membership Development Executive (Contract) Company Name RIBA Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom Using Integra database/ Updating RIBA systemCrosschecking members information on Integra & Arb database while paying attention to little detailsAppraising head of membership development services on daily workloads; Gaining the ability to understand and adhere to organisational membership rules and regulations Making sure bulk data cleansing and de-duping on Integra – ensuring accurate membership details; Creating time to assist other members of staff within the Membership team with ad-hoc duties as and when it seems required to help reduce the load. Telephonist / Student Executive (Contract) Company Name LSBF - London School of Business & Finance (LSBF) Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Holborn Training the new staff that join the team Calling students that have shown interest in courses and discussed their needsQualifying students’ interest in the university through questioning to find out if they are suitedUpdating Excel Spreadsheets with outcomes of calls with students Booking meetings with Students and Advisors using text marketer and outlookUsing Microsoft Dynamics CRM to record interactions with qualifying studentsChasing down new leads that have been supplied by the street team See more positions Education University of Hertfordshire Degree Name Journalism, Media Culture and Sports Studies Field Of Study Journalism, media culture and sports studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Hertfordshire Hurricanes American Football Team 2012 Hertfordshire Hurricanes British American Football League Champion. (2011-2012 Season)2013 Hertfordshire Hurricanes British American Football League Runner Ups (2012 -2013 Season)2014 Hertfordshire Hurricanes British American Football League Semi-Finalists (2013 - 2014 Season) SIr George Monoux College Degree Name BTEC Level 3 National Diploma IT Practitioners (Software Development) Field Of Study Information Technology Grade Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Steel pans Club Sir George Monoux College Degree Name BTEC Level 2 First Diploma IT Practitioners Field Of Study Information Technology Grade Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Steel Pans Club I studied IT for 3 years. See more education Volunteer Experience Administrator Company Name home Dates volunteered Apr 2014 – Aug 2016 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 5 mos Setting up networks, creating emails. doing invoices, Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 5 endorsements for Teamwork 5 Teamwork Louis Hill and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media See 3 endorsements for Social Media 3 Social Media Eden Lowe and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 3 endorsements for Microsoft Office 3 Microsoft Office Sutton Brown and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Micah has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests London School of Business and Finance LSBF 21,041 followers PSD Group 15,512 followers Oval Recruit Ltd. 5,164 followers WilsonHCG 14,708 followers Liberty Living 3,739 followers Huntress 21,486 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrea has a account Andrea Johnson Higher Information Analyst, NHS Digital (Health and Social Care Information Centre) NHS Digital (Health and Social Care Information Centre) University of Leicester Leeds, West Yorkshire, United Kingdom 140 140 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Andrea’s Activity 140 followers Maternity Services Monthly Statistics, England - December 2016, Experimental statistics Andrea shared this See all activity Experience Higher Datasets Maintenance Analyst Company Name NHS Digital (Health and Social Care Information Centre) Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Working on the development, maintenance and implementation of the Maternity Services Data Set and Children and Young People's Health Services Data Set. Higher Information Analyst Company Name Health and Social Care Information Centre Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location leeds, west yorkshire, england Community and Mental HealthWorking as part of the Improving Access to Psychological Therapies team, assisting with the production and development of monthly, quarterly, annual IAPT reports, ad-hoc analysis and Parliamentary Questions using SQL and SSRS.Www.hscic.gov.uk/iaptmonthly Www.hscic.gov.uk/iaptreports Information Analyst Company Name Health and social care information centre Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location leeds, west yorkshire, england Assisting with the production of the annual GP and Primary Care Staff census.Working on the development and piloting process of the new Primary Care Workforce Minimum Dataset. Information Analyst Company Name Health and Social Care Information Centre Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location leeds, west yorkshire, england Production of Summary Hospital-level Mortality Indicator (SHMI) data, associated reports and contextual indicators. Development work for indicator improvement. Analysis of extremely large data sets using SQL and Microsoft Excel. Assisting with Indicator Assurance Service through secretariat duties and peer review. Public Health Intelligence Analyst Company Name North East Lincolnshire CTP Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Responsible for analysing complex data and producing and disseminating reports to a wide range of audiences. Assisted with multi agency groups to improve data collection systems and help the area to become credited as a leader in alcohol treatment and data analysis.Produced a variety of research questionnaires and literature reviews, interviewed large numbers of participants (including through focus groups) and produced several written publications which can be found online.During this employment I achieved my ECDL. See more positions Education University of Leicester Degree Name MSc Applied Field Of Study Forensic Psychology Pass Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 The University of Sheffield Degree Name Bsc (Hons) Field Of Study Psychology 2:1 Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 John Leggott College GSCE Spanish Grade AA Level Psychology Grade AA Level General Studies Grade AA Level Media Studies Grade B See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 8 endorsements for Analysis 8 Analysis Edward Cox and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 8 endorsements for Data Analysis 8 Data Analysis James Jones and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Training See 5 endorsements for Training 5 Training Edward Cox and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Andrea has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages French German Spanish Interests UK Statistics Authority 102 followers NHS Information Centre 3,863 followers Pulse 1,535,190 followers University of Leicester 101,478 followers Data Analyst Forum 13,529 members SQLSERVER User Group 30,399 members See all See all following
More Actions JIM has a account JIM VILLANUEVA Data Analyst at Globe Telecom Globe Telecom Philippines 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Globe Telecom Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Globe Telecom 61,137 followers Pulse 1,535,190 followers
More Actions Marcus has a account Marcus Knox Data Analyst at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital Brooksource Computer Learning Center Greater Philadelphia Area 215 215 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Helpdesk Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Windows 7, Technical Support, Sales, Customer Satisfaction, and Remote Desktop. Strong healthcare services professional with a Certificate focused in Computer Information technology from Computer Learning Center. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Helpdesk Analyst for Jefferson Hospital Company Name Brooksource Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  Responsible for the technical support for levels 1 - 3 of all internal employees.  Supporting our client’s internal employees with basic technical support needs. Majority of requests are Active Directory and administering and resetting passwords and software support. Assisting the helpdesk teams with excessive call volumes during Epic software implementation.  Utilizing Service Now ticketing systems, responding to a high volume of support tickets.  Respond to internal employee inquiries in a timely and professional manner. Use remote access to support software issues such as Microsoft Exchange , Windows and Hospital and Epic applications. Support and trouble shoot VPN connectivity issues. Support and trouble shoot user network single sign on .. Differentiating and reverting networking, security and Epic specific issues to the appropriate team. Data Analyst Company Name Ricoh USA, Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Norristown, Pennsylvania  Supporting our client’s internal employees with basic technical support needs. Majority of requests are Active Directory and Lotus Notes related – administering and resetting passwords. Assisting the helpdesk teams with excessive call volumes during a Lotus Notes upgrade/implementation.  Utilizing Service Now ticketing systems, responding to a high volume of support tickets.  Respond to internal employee inquiries in a timely and professional manner. Set up and troubleshoot Mobile Devices such as iPhones /Androids and variety of Tablets.  Use remote access to support software issues such as Lotus Notes, Windows and Oracle applications. Support and trouble shoot VPN connectivity issues. Support and trouble shoot user network single sign on . Helpdesk Analyst Company Name Brooksource Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Norristown Pa  Supporting our client’s internal employees with basic technical support needs. Majority of requests are Active Directory and Lotus Notes related – administering and resetting passwords. Assisting the helpdesk teams with excessive call volumes during a Lotus Notes upgrade/implementation.  Utilizing Service Now ticketing systems, responding to a high volume of support tickets.  Respond to internal employee inquiries in a timely and professional manner. Set up and troubleshoot Mobile Devices such as iPhones /Androids and variety of Tablets.  Use remote access to support software issues such as Lotus Notes, Windows and Oracle applications. Support and trouble shoot VPN connectivity issues. Support and trouble shoot user network single sign on . Media (1) This position has 1 media Marcus Knox Resume Marcus Knox Resume This media is a document Escalations Administrator Company Name Comcast Dates Employed May 2010 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Horsham Assign technical and billing escalations received from within the region to our Tier2 representatives as well as troubleshooting technical and billing issues for commercial business class services. CA4 Technical Support Representative Company Name Comcast Dates Employed Aug 2005 – May 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Plymouth Meeting, Pa Education Computer Learning Center Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Computer Information technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Troubleshooting See 53 endorsements for Troubleshooting 53 Troubleshooting Marian King and 52 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Technical Support See 48 endorsements for Technical Support 48 Technical Support Marian King and 47 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Networking See 39 endorsements for Networking 39 Networking Norman Collier and 38 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (1) Norris Bankhead Vice President-Microsoft Azure Consultancy & Professional Services March 29, 2013, Marcus was a client of Norris’ I had the opportunity to work with Marcus for many years, and I must say he is one of the most promising young men I know. Extremely professional, very knowledge of Network infrastructure, and support. He has been a pleasure to work with. Mark Foster Call Center Operations Management Professional. I drive Change, Innovation & Creativity. March 23, 2013, Marcus worked with Mark in the same group Marcus is a customer focused, detail oriented professional. His prime objective has always been putting the customer first, regardless of the situation. I had the pleasure of working with Marcus side by side at Comcast, and he consistently demonstrated customer service excellence day in and day out. Marcus has my highest recommedation. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Tony Myers Field Support Analyst at Robert Half Technology April 17, 2013, Marcus was senior to Tony but didn’t manage directly I have mentored Tony during his time at Comcast.Tony is the most well rounded, dedicated person I have had the honor of working with. Not only is he dedicated and very technically sound but he has also proven to be a great trainer, mentor, and leader to many here and is greatly missed because of those skill sets. I would recommend him for any challenge he is willing to take on. Accomplishments Interests IT Specialist Network 437,519 members Apple 3,419,473 followers CIMCO Communications 694 followers CUSTOMER SUPPORT PROFESSIONALS 40,384 members inMusic Inc. 7,030 followers Software & Technology (#1 in Jobs, HR, Managers, Cloud, Mobile, Voice, CRM & Big Data) 2,645,801 members See all See all following
More Actions Philippa has a account Philippa Lacey Market data analyst RBC Capital Markets Middlesex University London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Market Data Analyst Company Name RBC Capital Markets Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Senior Market Data Analyst Company Name 3D Innovations Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Market Data Analyst Company Name Nomura Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Market Data Analyst Company Name HSBC Dates Employed Feb 2008 – May 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Market Data Business Analyst Company Name UBS Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos See more positions Education Middlesex University Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1989 Featured Skills & Endorsements Market Data See 37 endorsements for Market Data 37 Market Data Endorsed by Martin Gibbons and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Philippa’s colleagues at 3D Innovations Click and drag to reorder skills Trading Systems See 20 endorsements for Trading Systems 20 Trading Systems Endorsed by Stephen Veasey, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Philippa’s colleagues at 3D Innovations Click and drag to reorder skills Reference Data See 18 endorsements for Reference Data 18 Reference Data Endorsed by 2 of Philippa’s colleagues at HSBC Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Market Data professionals 11,319 members EDM Council - Enterprise Data Management 5,113 members Financial Services Regulation 238,622 members London Night Life 78 members Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,695 followers Vendor Management Group 15,467 members See all See all following
More Actions Gergely has a account Gergely Gyurics Data analyst at CX-Ray Inc CX-Ray Inc. Budapesti Mûszaki és Gazdaságtudományi Egyetem Hungary area 316 316 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent At CX-Ray we measure collaboration, make it visible and show its evolution over time. Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name CX-Ray Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Budapest I am currently responsible for coding analytical moduls for both social network and statistical analysis, to model workplace dynamics and group behaviour. I also handle the onboarding and mentoring projects, provide some of the scientific content of our blogs, and proactively share my innovative ideas to help decide on future directions.Occasionly I help out with demonstrations, or speak on meetups, workshops, representing the rich know-how of our company. Python trainee Company Name CX-Ray Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Francisco, Budapest Three month internship, learning Python basics, company standards, finished with a succesful onboarding. Trainee Company Name Clementine Consulting (former SPSS Hungary) Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Behavioral analyst Company Name Karolina Kórház Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 11 mos Education Budapesti Mûszaki és Gazdaságtudományi Egyetem Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study work- and organisational psychology Grade Excellent Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Statistics help team member in the second year. During my work- and organizational psychology Ma studies, I found time to learn about data mining, SPSS Modeler, and have been selected to participate in the Statistics Helper team. I even helped out in a couple of research projects as a volunteer, and I took a Codecademy course about Python when I saw a job opportunity. Eötvös Loránd Tudományegyetem Field Of Study Clinical and health psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Károli Gáspár Református Egyetem Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Psychology See 22 endorsements for Psychology 22 Psychology Molnár Antal 🔴 and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Teamwork See 20 endorsements for Teamwork 20 Teamwork Zsanett Magyar and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Critical Thinking See 16 endorsements for Critical Thinking 16 Critical Thinking Molnár Antal 🔴 and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gergely has 9 courses 9 Expand courses section Courses Intelligent applications at work Interdisciplinal analysis of economical behaviour Organisational Leadership Organisational behaviour Psychological adequacy and selection Psychology of Fashion and Advertisement Research design Statistics Stock Exchange Interests Eötvös Loránd University 33,896 followers Károli Gáspár Református Egyetem 2,832 followers Adam GrantAdam Grant is a LinkedIn Influencer Author: GIVE AND TAKE, ORIGINALS, OPTION B; Wharton professor; NYT writer 1,361,261 followers Budapest University of Technology and Economics 40,664 followers Synetiq Ltd. 242 followers Pulse 1,535,191 followers See all See all following
More Actions Shanshan has a account Shanshan Chen Data Analyst at Microsoft Microsoft Indiana University Bloomington Greater Seattle Area 314 314 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Aspired by data driven analytics to gain business insights and extremely self-motivated to work as a data/business analyst to achieve the business goals with demonstrated interpersonal and analytical skills. Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Redmond WA Lead and built anomaly detection system, which monitors KPI in over millions of segments and send alert to stake holders;Apply Machine Learning methods and collaborate with Universal store application catalog team in application quality control and etc. Data Analyst, Universal Store, Windows Device Group Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Bellevue WA Extensive experience in business analytics in e-commerce risk, payment and billing;Design and Implement KPIs of risk business of E-commerce for multiple fiscal years;Lead a team to design and deliver reports and evaluation measures to a global manual review team of over 100+ members;Innovative thinkers: deliver project in SQL/C#/Python/ML model to solve business problems with great ROI. Recent project saved OperationTeam 26 head month;Quick learner and fast-paced working style. Reporting Analyst Company Name Pactera Technology International Ltd. Dates Employed Dec 2012 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Advanta B, Microsoft Work on fraud reporting covering all commerce platform partners, such as Xbox, MSStore, BingAds and others. And dive deep to conduct ad-hoc analysis to trouble shoot data integration issues or find and resolve issues due to upstream business changes. Played a key role to design, develop and maintain all different scorecards to achieve team's goal to report and prevent fraud on Commerce platform. Data Analyst & Web Development Company Name United States Infrastructure Corp., Inc. (USIC) Dates Employed May 2011 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Indianapolis, Indiana Area Manage and maintain the data warehouse for analytics team, including integrating data source, create and automate ETL process, build logic and present into reports. Design, build and automate dozen's of web and email based reports for all other departments with work acknowledged by highest management. Develop several web based strategic decisioning tool and dashboard for analytics and management. Research Assistant Company Name VIVO Dates Employed Oct 2009 – May 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Bloomington, Indiana Area See more positions Education Indiana University Bloomington Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Information Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Renmin University of China Degree Name BS Field Of Study Management Information Systems, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Volunteer Experience Digital Consultant in 2008 Beijing Olympic Event Company Name Eastman Kodak Company Dates volunteered Aug 2008 – Aug 2008 Volunteer duration 1 mo Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 15 endorsements for SQL 15 SQL Endorsed by Derek Koh and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Shanshan’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills JavaScript See 14 endorsements for JavaScript 14 JavaScript Endorsed by Chintan Tank, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Shanshan’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 11 endorsements for Java 11 Java Endorsed by Xiaoming Gao and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Shanshan’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Shanshan has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Japanese Shanshan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Machine Learning Shanshan has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Machine Learning Shanshan has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Adding Community and Dynamic to Topic Models Interests Facebook 1,533,595 followers Indiana University Bloomington 264,126 followers Renmin University of China 58,350 followers Career Explorer 63,152 members Microsoft 3,687,273 followers VIVO | connect * share * discover 363 members See all See all following
More Actions Jonathan has a account Jonathan Steinberg Manager, Data Analysis & Computational Research at Educational Testing Service Educational Testing Service Columbia University in the City of New York Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Jonathan Steinberg joined ETS in 2005 and serves as a Manager of Data Analysis and Computational Research in the Data Analysis and Research Technologies department within the Research & Development Division. Previously, he spent five years at Young & Rubicam Advertising in the Consumer Research department. He earned his B.A. in Statistics from the University of Rochester in 1999 and his M.A. in Statistics from Columbia University in 2003. His work at ETS has been quite diversified. He has helped with development and validation of new assessments, most recently SuccessNavigator and the Reading Inventory and Student Evaluation (RISE) Form, as well providing support for existing assessments, especially the use of the SAT® as part of the Admitted Class Evaluation Service (ACES) in conjunction with The College Board. He contributes to teacher licensure research initiatives within ETS and with outside organizations, particularly concerning Praxis. Jonathan has also provided data analysis support for a joint mathematics professional development grant with Tennessee State University as part of Tennessee’s First to the Top program, where he has worked with school districts to obtain student achievement and demographic data. His other contributions include factor analysis of various large-scale state-based assessments, as well as noncognitive assessments for secondary school and higher education students. He has presented and contributed to many different articles and educational research and technical conference presentations. His additional interests include segmentation techniques and career interest assessment.Please feel free to check out my list of publications and presentations as well as a short video describing the work done by me and my department at ETS. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Jonathan’s Activity 3,014 followers The ETS Mission is grounded in principles of fairness, equity and opportunity. Today, @Niel Dorans spoke on the history of ETS research on fairness. I could not be more proud to work at a company with a social mission. Educational Testing Service (ETS) Ida M. Lawrence , Kadriye Ercikan , John Mazzeo Jonathan liked See all activity Experience Manager, Data Analysis & Computational Research Company Name Educational Testing Service Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 4 mos Location Princeton, New Jersey Senior Brand Analyst Company Name Young & Rubicam Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Jan 2005 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 University of Rochester Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 81 endorsements for Data Analysis 81 Data Analysis Endorsed by Matthias von Davier and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 38 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Educational Testing Service (ETS) Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 78 endorsements for Statistics 78 Statistics Endorsed by Matthias von Davier and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 34 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Educational Testing Service (ETS) Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 55 endorsements for Research 55 Research Endorsed by Mihai Caragiu and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Educational Testing Service (ETS) Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Paul Fox Lecturer at NYU; Brand consulting January 29, 2014, Paul managed Jonathan directly Jonathan was an excellent analyst, well versed in statistical applications and dedicated to doing his projects with professional care. Jonathan often went beyond the project requirements and found ways to enhance them. You could not want a more dedicated and personable professional researcher. Gerard Peter T. Roldan, MBA I heart Data Science: Statistics/Machine Learning, Databases, Viz/Story Telling, Problem Solving September 9, 2014, Gerard Peter T. worked with Jonathan in the same group Gerard is a great guy to work with! He shows great initiative and efficiency in going about his work, always showing interest and desire to learn and improve his skill set and shows great teamwork. Amy Riker National Executive Director, High School Equivalency Testing (HiSET) Program June 8, 2012, Jonathan worked with Amy in different groups I have had the pleasure of working with Amy at ETS in a collaborative role between the Data Analysis area where I work and the Teacher Licensure program side in putting together conference presentations. Amy is very detail-oriented, conscientious, and gets the job done, all while juggling a lot of responsibilities in her role as Client Manager. She is fantastic to work with and is always very cheerful, so I highly recommend her. Accomplishments Jonathan has 8 publications 8 Expand publications section Publications A Comparison of Achievement Gaps and Test-Taker Characteristics on Computer-Delivered and Paper-Delivered Praxis I® Tests Designing Reading Comprehension Assessments for Reading Interventions: How a Theoretically Motivated Assessment Can Serve as an Outcome Measure Identifying the Most Important 21st Century Workforce Competencies: An Analysis of the Occupational Information Network (O*NET) SARA Reading Components Tests, RISE Form: Test Design and Technical Adequacy Performance and Passing Rate Differences of African American and White Prospective Teachers on Praxis Examinations: A Joint Project of the National Education Association (NEA) and Educational Testing Service (ETS) Toward Increasing Teacher Diversity: Targeting Support and Intervention for Teacher Licensure Candidates Examining the Factor Structure of a State Standards-Based Assessment of Science for Students With Learning Disabilities Examining the validity and fairness of a state standards-based assessment of English-language arts for deaf and hard of hearing students Jonathan has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations American Educational Research Association Northeastern Educational Research Association Interests Educational and Psychological Measurement 3,134 members Michelle RheeMichelle Rhee is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder / CEO at StudentsFirst 215,105 followers Mathifold 2,657 members Columbia University in the City of New York 283,716 followers SAS/SPSS Marketing & Data Analysts 6,965 members APPLIED MULTIVARIATE TECHNIQUES - Statistics, IRT/CAT, Analytics, Machine Learning, BIG Data, Hadoop 1,927 members See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Christianson BI Analyst, Business Analyst | Chief Executive Officer RSM US LLP University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 475 475 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A business intelligence and human resource systems professional, with extensive experience with leading organizations, business analysis, requirements definition, report development, data integration, dashboards, and in-house and cloud-based business intelligence solutions enabling organizations to gain actionable insights into their business and their human resources. Also experienced in vendor selection, and vendor project management.Specialties: Business and Talent Intelligence; Human Capital Management Systems; Business Analysis; Data Analysis, Modeling and Integration; GoodData; Business Objects; Web Intelligence; Crystal Reports.StrengthFinder Top 5 Themes: Responsibility, Relator, Empathy, Belief, Harmony See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Mark’s Articles & Activity 499 followers Grab 2 Harness integrated with an SCBA Mark Christianson on LinkedIn See 2 more articles Welcome to My Personal Page Mark liked Passing along data proven airway skills using the @northamericanrescue cric kit and few pig necks! @emi_group offers the best #TACMED training in the world using qualified clinicians and Combat Proven SOF medics! #LEO #EMS #SWAT #SOCM #18Z #18D #GreenBeret #SpecialForces #Corpsman @corpsman Mark liked See all activity Experience Sr. Business Analyst | Business Intelligence Company Name RSM US LLP Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Chief Executive Officer Company Name Strategic Rescue Products, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Leading the launch of a new company creating innovative products for fire, rescue, first responder, law enforcement, and military applications. Sr. Business Analyst | Business Intelligence Analysis, Data Analyst, GoodData, Data Visualization Company Name GED Testing Service Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Bloomington, MN Senior Business Analyst (BI) in an Agile Development Technology Team creating technology solution for GED Testing - High School equivalency testing used in most US states and Canadian provinces. Responsible for managing the implementation, technical product management, and maintenance of a Cloud-based BI platform (GoodData) for internal and external users and the design of data integration between GED Testing Service and states. Specific responsibilities include the following:• Mutli-facted roles in development of Cloud-based Business Intelligence dashboard and reporting system for new computer-based GED High School equivalency tests• Gather requirements for creating a internal and customer-facing dashboard for the monitoring of GED High School Equivalency tests; worked closely with internal and external stakeholders• Manage vendor's professional staff during implementation projects and enhancements• Create stories for development of data exports to populate GoodData infrastructure• Develop data model needed to deliver user-specified metrics and reports• Create requirements for Data Mart for storing GED test data for Business Intelligence application development• Develop reports for display on dashboards and for internal data requests• Work closely with Product Management to identify dashboard content and priorities• Test reports and metrics• Deploy enhancements to over 40 GoodData projects• Perform dashboard presentations at annual conferences Developed and modified existing Business Objects reports for GED Testing Service. Analyzed data files sent to credential printing vendor for accuracy; specified mapping rules.Business Intelligence Business Analyst, Data Analyst Talent Intelligence Consultant Company Name HRIZONS Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Business Intelligence services for performance management for organizations implementing cloud-based Talent Management, Human Capital and HCM technologies. Performed activities to improve automated data gathering and develop Business Intelligence/Reporting services. Performed client report training custom report development. Business Intelligence Consultant Company Name Lancet Data Sciences Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Crystal Reports, Business Objects, and MicroStrategy Development, Project Management and Business Analysis for a suite of Business Intelligence reports. • Technologies employed included Crystal Reports using SQL Server stored procedures, and Business Objects Universes as data sources.• Other report development was on Business Objects Web Intelligence (Web and Rich Client).• Reports ranged from highly formatted pixel-perfect reports with complex graphics to unformatted comma-delimited and fixed length data downloads. • Provided development input and made modifications to Business Objects Universes.• Modified SQL Server stored procedures as needed Performed requirements analysis, design and development of reports integral to the rollout of a new English language testing offering. This involved:• Coordinating requirements development meetings with UK-based client,• Documenting requirements for over 20 reports, • Creating report and dashboard mock-ups Developed financial reconciliation reports using Crystal Reports and Business Objects Web Intelligence and Business Objects Universes. See more positions Education University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Degree Name BSB Field Of Study Business Administration Volunteer Experience Food Shelf Volunteer - New Hope Church, New Hope, MN Company Name New Hope Church, EFCA Choir Member Company Name New Hope Church (EFCA) Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 38 endorsements for Business Intelligence 38 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Julie Brown, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mark’s colleagues at Lancet Data Sciences - Business Intelligence Consulting Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 33 endorsements for Business Analysis 33 Business Analysis Endorsed by Randy Smook and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mark’s colleagues at Strategic Rescue Products, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Business Objects See 24 endorsements for Business Objects 24 Business Objects Endorsed by 2 of Mark’s colleagues at Strategic Rescue Products, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (6) Michal Hauzirek Principal Solutions Architect June 25, 2015, Michal worked with Mark but at different companies I've been working with Mark on two generations of complex BI project implemented in GoodData. He was the main owner on their side responsible for definition of business requirements but also technical aspects of the solution.I was impressed by his combination of technical understanding and business orientation. He was able to clearly communicate the business needs, translate those to project requirements and also understand the consequences of various options and come with his own solutions.Our communication was allways very pleasant and I enjoyed working with him. Jiri Stovicek IT Project Manager at MSD June 24, 2015, Mark was a client of Jiri’s I worked with Mark for more than a year on a continuous implementation of a huge BI project. Mark earned my respect by being able to grasp all aspects of the project from overall concept to every technical detail of its implementation. I have never met any other customer who was able to define such a complex metrics on the top of event-based data model. Our meetings were always friendly, constructive and productive. In one sentence: I like working with Mark. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Jiri Stovicek IT Project Manager at MSD July 27, 2015, Mark was a client of Jiri’s I worked with Jiri on a GoodData dashboard implementation and recommend him to others needing a highly competent Program/Project Manager. He did a masterful job in overseeing the implementation from the GoodData side and I would request him on any future GoodData implementation projects. His leadership and project oversight skills are excellent. Michal Hauzirek Principal Solutions Architect July 27, 2015, Mark was a client of Michal’s I worked with Michal over three years on multiple iterations of a GoodData dashboard project. He was a highly valued member of the implementation team. Michal did a great job in understanding the business and technical rationale for project deliverables and designed and implemented solutions that always met our requirements. I would welcome him on any future GoodData projects. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests TDWI: Analytics and Data Management Discussion Group 76,477 members Hot Data Jobs 185 followers Voya Financial 38,900 followers University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management 40,645 followers Anaplan 18,587 followers Pentair 93,091 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Updike Senior Master Data Analyst at Church & Dwight, Co., Inc. Church & Dwight, Co., Inc. Boston University Greater New York City Area 260 260 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: SAP ERP SAP NetWeaver MDM Data ManagerCustomer CareLogistics Highlights Experience Senior Master Data Analyst Company Name Church & Dwight, Co., Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Member of a corporate team responsible for the maintenance and integrity of customer, vendor, and material master data within SAP ERP, as well as providing business awareness of the critical importance of this dataCreation and updates of data performed using SAP Front End, MDM Data Manager, and a customized workflow toolResponsible for master data that touches all areas of the business, including supply chain, procurement, manufacturing, customer service, logistics, and demand planningHandled data cleansing and migration on four corporate acquisitionsProvide data analysis on a quarterly basis to a corporate data governance councilAuthored procedures and work instructions to support training within the department Sales Administration Manager Company Name Croda Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Created and staffed a Sales Administration department to handle the implementation of SAP ERPwhich led to managing a five person sales support team Responsible for master data management within SAP including customer and item master files, pricing and commission data, quality notifications, and customer reporting hierarchies Authored and implemented policies, procedures, and standardized forms utilized to ensure accuracy and continuous improvement of master data management Headed a quality compliance group responsible for obtaining ISO 9000 certification in 2003 through the authoring of established policies, procedures, and work instructions Lead support for sales reps with large customers such as Procter & Gamble and J&J  Team lead member for two SAP implementations in 2004-2005 and 2007-2008 Customer Care Manager Company Name Troy Corporation Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Sep 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Customer Care Manager Company Name MW International Dates Employed Nov 1995 – Jan 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Operations Coordinator Company Name Pamic International Dates Employed Sep 1991 – Oct 1995 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Education Boston University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Communications Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Rutgers Preparatory School Degree Name High School Field Of Study College/University Preparatory and Advanced High School/Secondary Diploma Program Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Featured Skills & Endorsements SAP ERP See 15 endorsements for SAP ERP 15 SAP ERP Derek Gagnon and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Cross-functional Team Leadership See 9 endorsements for Cross-functional Team Leadership 9 Cross-functional Team Leadership Derek Gagnon and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAP See 9 endorsements for SAP 9 SAP Jerry Burke and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rutgers Preparatory School Alumni Network 460 members Boston University 279,192 followers Masterfoods 6,757 followers SAP Master Data Management (SAP MDM) 3,431 members Johnson & Johnson 1,394,191 followers Boston University 266,372 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Shao IT Consultant - Freelance IT Consultant Freelance National Taiwan University Taiwan 189 189 connections - Self-motivated professional with over 25 years experiences in I.T. with strong domain knowledge in Retail sector, in particular Food Retailing and Home Furnishing Business and Logistic- Developed IT strategic plans to achieve competitive advantages in small, medium and large retail environment- Proven ability to lead the implementation of I.T. projects from medium to high complexity- Skill in planning , organization, leadership , management with creative approach to problem resolution- Result oriented; consistently achieve company objectives See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience IT Consultant Company Name IT Consultant Freelance Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos IT Director Company Name IKEA Taiwan Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location Taipei City, Taiwan - Maintains organization effectivesness and efficiency by defining, delivering and supporting strategic plans for implementing information technologies- Project director for implementing IKEA global I.T. platform that encompassed standard Business Processes, software applications and I.T. infrastructure- Responsible for new store set up in I.T.areas which include data center build up , I.T. infrastructure design , business applications implemented and staff training- Preserves company assets by implementing Disaster Recovery Plan and assist business owners to prepare Business Continunity Plan to reduce business impact in case of disaster Vice President - I.T. & Logistic Company Name Far Eastern Geant Co. LTD Dates Employed Jul 2003 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Taipei , Taiwan - Established I.T. governance which is built on three dimensions - Steer , Demand & Deliver. Set I.T. policy and standard- To lead the implementation of Customer Loyalty Programs that was developed by Casino France Group with additional modification for local market- Manage logistic team and outsource warehouse operations to 3rd party logistic company- To lead Business applications development and add new functions and features that are needed for business expansion Regional I.T. Director - South Asia Company Name Dairy Farm International, South Asia Dates Employed Feb 1999 – Jun 2003 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Singapore -Overall responsibility is to develop I.T strategic plans and Enterprise Architecture for different retail format across the region- Project Director for the implementation of JDA Merchandising system and data warehouse for Giant Hypermarket in Malaysia and Singapore- Project Director for the implementation of Guardian Retail System and roll out to over 100 stores in Singapore- I.T. due diligence for new business acquisition Education National Taiwan University Degree Name Bachelor of Electrical Engineering Field Of Study Major in Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1972 – 1997 Brooklyn College Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Computer Science Grade A Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1982 Featured Skills & Endorsements Project Management See 18 endorsements for Project Management 18 Project Management 偉獅李 and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 11 endorsements for Business Analysis 11 Business Analysis Yosua Tobing and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 9 endorsements for Management 9 Management 偉獅李 and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Paul has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Interests City University of New York-Brooklyn College 71,204 followers YFY Inc. 1,685 followers eBaoTech Corporation 5,921 followers 國立臺灣大學 65,522 followers National Taiwan University 69,130 followers Pou Chen Group 1,750 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Updike Senior Master Data Analyst at Church & Dwight, Co., Inc. Church & Dwight, Co., Inc. Boston University Greater New York City Area 260 260 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: SAP ERP SAP NetWeaver MDM Data ManagerCustomer CareLogistics Highlights Experience Senior Master Data Analyst Company Name Church & Dwight, Co., Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Member of a corporate team responsible for the maintenance and integrity of customer, vendor, and material master data within SAP ERP, as well as providing business awareness of the critical importance of this dataCreation and updates of data performed using SAP Front End, MDM Data Manager, and a customized workflow toolResponsible for master data that touches all areas of the business, including supply chain, procurement, manufacturing, customer service, logistics, and demand planningHandled data cleansing and migration on four corporate acquisitionsProvide data analysis on a quarterly basis to a corporate data governance councilAuthored procedures and work instructions to support training within the department Sales Administration Manager Company Name Croda Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Created and staffed a Sales Administration department to handle the implementation of SAP ERPwhich led to managing a five person sales support team Responsible for master data management within SAP including customer and item master files, pricing and commission data, quality notifications, and customer reporting hierarchies Authored and implemented policies, procedures, and standardized forms utilized to ensure accuracy and continuous improvement of master data management Headed a quality compliance group responsible for obtaining ISO 9000 certification in 2003 through the authoring of established policies, procedures, and work instructions Lead support for sales reps with large customers such as Procter & Gamble and J&J  Team lead member for two SAP implementations in 2004-2005 and 2007-2008 Customer Care Manager Company Name Troy Corporation Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Sep 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Customer Care Manager Company Name MW International Dates Employed Nov 1995 – Jan 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Operations Coordinator Company Name Pamic International Dates Employed Sep 1991 – Oct 1995 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Education Boston University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Communications Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Rutgers Preparatory School Degree Name High School Field Of Study College/University Preparatory and Advanced High School/Secondary Diploma Program Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Featured Skills & Endorsements SAP ERP See 15 endorsements for SAP ERP 15 SAP ERP Derek Gagnon and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Cross-functional Team Leadership See 9 endorsements for Cross-functional Team Leadership 9 Cross-functional Team Leadership Derek Gagnon and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAP See 9 endorsements for SAP 9 SAP Jerry Burke and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Boston University 266,380 followers SAP Master Data Management (SAP MDM) 3,431 members Master Data Management Interest Group 22,903 members Masterfoods 6,757 followers Master Data Management Pros 15,846 members Mars 338,112 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeffrey has a account Jeffrey Lai Marketing Data Quality Analyst at ServiceNow ServiceNow UC Santa Barbara San Jose, California 191 191 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Marketing Data Quality Analyst Company Name ServiceNow Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Santa Clara, California Senior Team Lead Company Name Vaco Onsite at Google Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Google - Collaborate with cross functional teams to troubleshoot user-impacting issues and launch new product features for GreenTea Tasks, Google’s sales consulting platform for AdWords- Manage a team of 4 support specialists to ensure timely completion of routine requests and quarterly projects, which include the onboarding of new AdWords product support, the piloting of several specialized support initiatives, and the migration of support between Google’s proprietary CRM systems- Organize and perform user acceptance testing (UAT) to ensure the successful launches of feature launches and fixes for system bugs - Analyze sales feedback and ticket submission trends to find and optimize inefficient sales support workflows Product Support Specialist Company Name Cognizant Technology Solutions at Google Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Mountain View, CA - Provide pre- and post-launch support for 600+ support issues on Google’s Sales support consulting platform, aMaze/GreenTea Tasks- Reactively troubleshoot and investigate issues for account managers and support teams, ranging from un-submittable forms to broken routing and lost tickets- Optimize sales efficiency through analysis of ticket data and sales feedback- Facilitate the design and creation of Google’s Online Help Center articles, including FAQs, common user issues, and recently launched product features- Document workflows for over 40 support teams, detailing sales channel, escalation paths, and product support Business Development Representative in Charge of Strategic Accounts Company Name Green Hills Software Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Santa Barbara, California Area • Successfully completed an intense three-month training program involving computer security concepts of Common Criteria – Evaluation Assurance Level (EAL), Security Protection Level (PL)• Learned and maintained in-depth knowledge of products and services, industry trends, and competition.• Maintained current and accurate account information and contact information within CRM system Sage SalesLogix. System Administrator Company Name Almaden Family Dentistry Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location San Jose, California ● Maintained office computer systems including two servers and four workstations that hosted the office website, billings, specialized dental software, and several software utilities.● Installed different networking hardware such as routers, auditing systems, and IP cameras to ensure system is secured from unauthorized access.● Provided support to office workers to automate routine office tasks on their workstations.● Performed daily office operations that included interacting with patients by phone, electronically, or face to face to provide and process information in response to dental treatment. Education UC Santa Barbara Degree Name BA Field Of Study Sociology Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements CRM See 7 endorsements for CRM 7 CRM Cynthia Cervantes and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Development See 6 endorsements for Business Development 6 Business Development Cynthia Cervantes and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Security See 6 endorsements for Security 6 Security Cynthia Cervantes and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jeffrey has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications CompTIA A+ Information Technology Certificate Interests Pulse 1,535,192 followers Green Hills Software 4,027 followers University of California, Santa Barbara 177,794 followers Software & Technology (#1 in Jobs, HR, Managers, Cloud, Mobile, Voice, CRM & Big Data) 2,645,801 members ServiceNow 81,917 followers University of California, Santa Barbara 169,133 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anoosha has a account Anoosha Shetty Certified Scrum Master/ Big Data Analyst/ Quality Assurance (Looking for new opportunity in Dubai) MetLife Visvesvaraya Technological University United Arab Emirates 321 321 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent  9+ years experience in software development, testing, Big Data analytics and project management. Extensive experience in the retail domain, having worked in areas like merchandising, finance, point of sale, financial and retail services, e-commerce. Strong experience in various project management activities like billing activities, resource allocation, leave allocation, estimation, timesheet approval, internal quality audits, agile delivery. Proven expert in translating business requirements into technology solutions. Proficient in Big Data technologies like Pig, Hive, Sqoop, Flume, Pyspark, Scala. Well versed with data analytical tools like Excel. Requirement specifications gathering and documentation. Strong background in planning and monitoring high budget projects, eliciting project requirements and transforming business into technology solutions. Strong experience in various areas of software testing. Excellent client facing abilities and have dealt with people from other geographies like US, UK. Team management, good coordination skills, and excellent multi-tasking skills. Quick learner, good analytical skills, good leadership skills, ability to work under pressure, good problem-solving skills, extremely flexible in working out of my comfort zone. Languages : Apache Pig, Apache Hive, Java Basics, SQL, Python, Scala, VBA Databases : DB2, Cassandra Framework : Apache Hadoop, Spark Other Tools : Filezilla, Sqoop, Flume, Oozie Testing : POS testing, Regression testing, Unit testing, System testing, System integration testing, Functional testing, UAT, Test management, Defect Management, HP Quality Center Project Management : Estimation, Resource Allocation, Internal Audit, Budget Allocation, Team Leadership, CoordinationTools used: (MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Visio, MS Project, Jira)SDLC models: Waterfall, Agile See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Anoosha’s Activity 321 followers Database Tip : keep the number of columns in index to as minimum as possible. It helps both Optimizer and the DBA. Seen the cases where in 18 column table there is 8 column index !!. It is like baby is bigger than father :) . For me, I always start with 1 , if needed then 2 and then think 20 time if needed to add third column. For further just check with Functional expert of that table and 99% cases , you will not need the another column Anoosha liked I spent 3 months applying to jobs after a coding bootcamp. Here's what I learned. Anoosha liked See all activity Experience Sales Support Specialist Company Name MetLife Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Dubai, United Arab Emirates Technical Lead Company Name Tata Consultancy Services Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India • Supervised a team of 5 for a data migration project.• Trained the new joiners in the team on the various tools used in Big Data. Groomed them to work independently. Involved in code review.• Defined and verified the table structure in Hive based on the existing legacy table layout. Extracted the data from Teradata into HDFS.• Extensive experience in writing Pig scripts to transform raw data from several data sources into forming baseline data. Developed Hive scripts for business analyst requirements to perform ad hoc analysis.• Solid understanding of Partitions, Bucketing concepts in Hive. Solved performance issues in Hive and Pig scripts with understanding of Joins, Group and aggregation and how does it translate to MapReduce jobs.• Preparing project status report on a weekly basis.• Coordinating with various other departments like L&D for technical training. Solution Engineer Company Name Tata Consultancy Services Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India • Supported and coordinated with the business analysts by resolving the business user queries regarding the application functionality during various phases of the project like requirements gathering, testing.• Designed the optimal solution for the requirements provided, coded and unit tested the components.• Supporting the testing team during various testing phases. Identified the application jobs during system testing, system integration testing phase.• Coordinated with other vendors for seamless integration of the application and successfully integrated the applications with minimal issues.• Successfully implemented the code in production with zero issues. Assisted in post production support. Test Analyst/ Test Lead Company Name Tata Consultancy Services Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location London/ Bangalore • Understanding of the different system interfaces and their interactions. • Actively involved in numerous design discussions as part of System and Technical specifications preparation.• Coding, unit testing, setting up the test data for system testing.• Implementing the codes to various regions like testing, production. System Analyst Company Name Tata Consultancy Services Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Chennai/London • Understanding of the different system interfaces and their interactions. • Actively involved in numerous design discussions as part of System and Technical specifications preparation.• Coding, unit testing, setting up the test data for system testing.• Implementing the codes to various regions like testing, production. See more positions Education Visvesvaraya Technological University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (BE) Field Of Study Electronics and Communications Engineering Grade 71.02% (FCD) Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 St. Mary's P.U. College, Shirva Degree Name P.U.C Field Of Study PCMB Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 John XXIII High School, Virar(W), Mumbai Degree Name S.S.C Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Requirements Analysis See 12 endorsements for Requirements Analysis 12 Requirements Analysis Endorsed by Jacob K John, CSM,CSPO and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Anoosha’s colleagues at Tata Consultancy Services Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 7 endorsements for Business Analysis 7 Business Analysis Endorsed by 4 of Anoosha’s colleagues at Tata Consultancy Services Click and drag to reorder skills DB2 See 8 endorsements for DB2 8 DB2 Jacob K John, CSM,CSPO and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Hari Kiran M C Agile Analyst | Certified Scrum Master May 3, 2017, Hari Kiran was a client of Anoosha’s One of the Best Developers I have ever worked with. Anoosha is dedicated, committed resource who always worked with Passion. She is a prerequisite for any project with her Analytical & Presentation capability. Shabina L S Lead Automation Engineer at Abbott Laboratories December 15, 2016, Shabina managed Anoosha directly It was really a great experience working with Anoosha for 2+ years and we both together have worked in one of the critical systems for M&S. I have seen her grow from Tester to Senior Test Analyst.Anoosha has always been very hard working and she is very determined in her milestones. She is a quick learner which has helped our team to accomplish goals even before the deadline.I recommend her for a Senior QA position at any organization that chooses to take benefit from her diverse skills. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Anoosha has 13 certifications 13 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Science Foundations - Level 2 DA 440 - Apache Hive Essentials DA 450 - Apache Pig Essentials Data Science Foundations - Level 1 DEV 301 - Developing Hadoop Applications Big Data - Administration Big Data - Foundations Big Data - Programming Big Data Hadoop Fundamentals SCRUM Master Accredited Certification Anoosha has 5 courses 5 Expand courses section Courses Certificate in Advanced Retail Management and Store Operations (by TCS Business Domain Academy) Certificate in E-commerce (by TCS Business Domain Academy) Certificate in M-commerce (by TCS Business Domain Academy) Certificate in Retail Management (by TCS Business Domain Academy) Edureka - Big Data and Hadoop Anoosha has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Kannada Marathi Anoosha has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards TCS - (S)miles TCS (S)miles TCS - On the Spot Award Interests IT Versity - Certifications 3,315 members Cantaloupe Consulting 3,344 followers VAM Systems Inc. 5,718 followers Dubai Jobs, Gulf Jobs, Jobs in Dubai, Qatar, Kuwait - Boyen Haddin & The Giant HR Consultant 103,651 followers Cloud, Data Science and BigData Analytics 6,031 members HH Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al MaktoumHH Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum is a LinkedIn Influencer We are building a new reality for our people, a new future for our children, and a new model of development 1,382,122 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Richard Actuarial Analyst at Sentry Insurance Sentry Insurance University of Wisconsin-Whitewater Whitewater, Wisconsin 297 297 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent -Dedicated, goal-driven individual-Leader in every aspect of my life-Passionate about mathematics and problem solving-Main goals in life are to become an actuary and to have a family-Strong communicator and team member-Able to adapt to new environments-Knowledgeable about business world through coursework (Accounting, Insurance, and Finance)-Enjoy exercise, cooking, and fantasy football in my free time See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Actuarial Analyst Company Name Sentry Insurance Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Stevens Point, WI -Actuarial Analyst I of the BP-Pricing Team Tutor Company Name University of Wisconsin - Whitewater Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Whitewater, WI -Tutor students in all various math courses offered by the university-Work in a walk-in center where students sit down and I answer questions on the fly-Required to show methods in a timely, effective fashion to engage learning Actuarial Intern Company Name Sentry Insurance Dates Employed May 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Stevens Point, WI -Worked in Transportation Department pricing unit-Completed projects requiring data collection, analysis, and presentation to upper management-Winner of Team Case Competition; required teamwork, research, networking, and presentation skills Trainer Company Name Oscar's Frozen Custard Dates Employed May 2008 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Education University of Wisconsin-Whitewater Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Mathematics and Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Spanish Club President, Spanish Honor Society, Pi Mu Epsilon, Student Math Association, Actuarial Club, Whitewater Community Adult ESL Program Volunteer, Wisconsin Math Meet Participant and Volunteer, Intramural Basketball, Ultimate Frisbee and Futsal Volunteer Experience Lesson Planner Company Name Whitewater Community ESL Program Dates volunteered Sep 2014 – Sep 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children -Volunteer as an instructor of English, math, and science to students age 10 or under-Provide engaging activities for students to participate in individually or with a group-Required to speak in Spanish in some situations due to varying English levels Ice Cream Scooper Company Name Walk for Wags Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Jul 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Animal Welfare -Volunteered to help with efforts to support the Humane Society in Portage, WI Award Distributor Company Name Special Olympics Dates volunteered Jun 2015 – Jun 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children -Volunteered to help out with the Special Olympics in Stevens Point, WI-Have volunteered for the Special Olympics in Waukesha, as well Featured Skills & Endorsements Leadership See 6 endorsements for Leadership 6 Leadership Sai Karri and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 2 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 2 Microsoft Excel Erin Dinjer and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Mathematics See 2 endorsements for Mathematics 2 Mathematics Sai Karri and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Daniel has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Sentry Actuarial Networking Group 85 members University of Wisconsin-Whitewater 60,465 followers Pulse 1,535,193 followers Sentry Insurance Talent Network - Stevens Point, WI 144 members University of Wisconsin-Madison 293,597 followers Sentry 11,090 followers See all See all following
More Actions Arturo has a account Arturo Carreon Production Planner CTO at Schneider Electric Schneider Electric Monterrey Graduate School El Paso, Texas Area 168 168 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Be a part of a Enterprise where I can develop my career and help the enterprise to achieve its goals. Highlights Experience Production Planner CTO Company Name Schneider Electric Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location El Paso, Texas Area This production line is recently added to El Paso’s facility, I participated as data owner for SCM in the first phase of the projectDownload the demand of customers for this line and do the level load, run release simulations to ask ETA to expeditorsCreate a production plan with the resources available and taking in consideration the committed dates to ship Production Planner RTI, RTN Company Name Schneider Electric Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location El Paso, Texas Area Analyze demand on the warehouses and the Factory orders and provide a production plan according to the rates for each lineAttend production meetings and cycles related to both linesProvide visibility to expeditors if a large order quantity is needed Supervisor Supply Chain Planning PZ4 & Print Room Company Name Schneider Electric Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location El Paso, Texas Area Supervise subjects related to production planning and procurement of PZ4Develop best practices to run the print room for PZ4 and MetalcladAsk for updates to materials for the print room Domain Team leader SCM Company Name Schneider Electric Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location El Paso, Texas Area Domain Team Leader for SCM in SAP Implementation for El Paso Plant 2Calculate strategies for replenishment of materials for the expansion project for the ETO ( engineer to order) products Metal Clad and Low Voltage Participate in all the phases of the project , data preparation , quality assurance of data , prepare the test scenarios , test the scenarios , if needed create Change Requests of configurationAssure the backward schedule for the procurement (MRP) and the processes of subcontracting Master Data Analyst/Key user SCM Company Name Schneider Electric Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Monterrey Area, Mexico / USA (projects) Analysis and data clean up in AMAPS Lead Data cleansing process in ETO plant in Monterrey MexicoPart of the regional process (North America) data cleansingEl Paso SAP Implementation ETO/Standard Foundation Phase Kickoff and training Be a part of the business transformation and configuration testsDeliverable Actions Complete As is Maps Support to develop special map processes Identify and support the projects of business transformation Data validation for TC2 in test environment Run test business scenarios for supply chain in test environment (LQT) Identify roles an responsibilities and business profiles for SCM Support for data stabilization Hyper care PhaseSupport the business processes after go live See more positions Education Monterrey Graduate School Degree Name Material Management Module SAP Field Of Study Logistics, Materials, and Supply Chain Management Grade Certificate Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 SAP Module relevant of materials management (Supply Chain) Universidad Autónoma de La Laguna, A.C. Degree Name C.P. Field Of Study Contador Publico Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Preparatoria la Salle (Torreon) Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Ciencias Administrativas Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements SAP See 12 endorsements for SAP 12 SAP Laura Borrego and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Process See 11 endorsements for Business Process 11 Business Process Laura Borrego and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Supply Chain Management See 5 endorsements for Supply Chain Management 5 Supply Chain Management Santiago Segovia and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Arturo has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Procurement with SAP ERP 6.0 EHP6 Arturo has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests The Coca-Cola Company 1,264,208 followers Pfizer 1,506,177 followers Master Data Management Pros 15,846 members Universidad Autónoma de La Laguna, A.C. 1,310 followers Danone North America 48,918 followers Danone 743,929 followers See all See all following
More Actions Luis has a account Luis Ortiz Financial Analyst at Moody's Investors Service Moody's Investors Service St. John's University Bronx, New York 390 390 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Manager- Analytic Data Company Name Moody's Investors Service Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Financial Analyst Company Name Moody's Investors Service Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Lead Financial Data Analyst Company Name Moody's Investors Service Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Personal Banker Company Name Wells Fargo Dates Employed May 2009 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Serve as Subject Matter Expert for Insurance and Banking in the creation of all-encompassing program for collecting data for financial institution group. Aramark Supervisor Company Name ARAMARK Dates Employed Mar 2007 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Data Analysis, inventory analysis Education St. John's University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Economics Grade 3.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Brooklyn Techinal High School Field Of Study Liberal Arts and Sciences/Liberal Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 12 endorsements for Financial Analysis 12 Financial Analysis Sikandar Hashmi and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 12 endorsements for Microsoft Office 12 Microsoft Office Sikandar Hashmi and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Banking See 10 endorsements for Banking 10 Banking Sikandar Hashmi and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Luis has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Google 4,871,434 followers Wells Fargo 564,486 followers St. John's University 90,019 followers Baker Boyer Bank 965 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,732 followers Jamie DimonJamie Dimon is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 517,513 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ford has a account Ford Galvin Data Management and Business Intelligence at Los Angeles Rams Los Angeles Rams The University of Kansas Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Ford Galvin, Director of Data Management and Business Intelligence with the St. Louis Rams NFL Franchise . He is a leader and primary administrator for the Business data systems. He has the ability to perceive the needs and demands of customers and form creative solutions based on those demands, while continuing to promote the Rams in a positive atmosphere. He strives to find efficient and effective solutions.Galvin previously held the position of Analytics Specialist with the Rams. He was responsible for implementing and designing the company wide CRM system.Prior to joining the St. Louis Rams, Galvin was the Manager, Database Marketing for the St. Louis Blues NHL Club, and was responsible for creating new and innovative ways to grow revenue through Client Services, Fan Development, Sales, Sponsorship and Marketing. He was also the Assistant Vice President of Ticketing at the 12th Man Foundation. Galvin also held several positions with Kansas Athletics. He formerly served as a member of their Athletics Sales and Marketing Department. While at both the 12th Man Foundation and Kansas Athletics, Galvin has held a lead position over twenty NCAA and Big XII events including; 2012 NCAA Women’s Basketball 1st and 2nd Round, 2011 Cotton Bowl, 2011 NCAA Women’s Basketball Final Four, 2011 NCAA College World Series, 2011 NCAA Women’s Golf Championship, 2011 NCAA Indoor Men’s and Women’s Track Championship, 2010 Independence Bowl, 2009 NCAA Women’s College Cup, 2008 NCAA Men’s Basketball Final Four, 2008 Insight Bowl, and 2008 BCS Orange Bowl.A native of St. Louis, Missouri, Galvin received his Bachelor of Science and Master’s degrees in sports administration from the University of Kansas and is currently pursuing a MBA in Finance from Webster University.Specialties: Management, creative problem solving, nonprofits, marketing, ticket operations, sales, branding, data mining, strategic planning, NCAA compliance, XML, HTML, Javascript, CSS, CRM, MS-Office Suite See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Management and Business Intelligence Company Name Los Angeles Rams Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Director of Data Management and Business Intelligence Company Name St. Louis Rams Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Media (1) This position has 1 media Rams' Ford Galvin uses data to create the ultimate fan experience - Silicon Prairie News Rams' Ford Galvin uses data to create the ultimate fan experience - Silicon Prairie News This media is a link Analytics Specialist Company Name St. Louis Rams Dates Employed May 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Created and implemented the organization wide CRM system. Vets and implements new technologies.Created and manages a central data warehouse.Integrates data sources to one central data warehouse.Provided reporting, insights and analytics to help executives make business decisions. Media (1) This position has 1 media Rams' Galvin Renovates Data for Fan Benefits Rams' Galvin Renovates Data for Fan Benefits This media is a link Manager, Database Marketing Company Name St. Louis Blues Dates Employed Mar 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area • Responsible for creating new and innovative ways to grow revenue through Client Services, Fan Development, Sales, Sponsorship and Marketing.• Create a working relationship among multiple departments to maximize revenue across all departments.• Used existing technologies to sell various theme night tickets online and increased tickets sold and revenue from the previous season, with only half as many games available. o Military Night 10% increase in revenue. o Student Night $62,000 of Revenue exclusively through new sales channels.• Developed dynamic web technologies to create specific websites and offers for preferred partners to purchase tickets online. This allows for reporting by company and has generated $59,000 in revenue through this new sales channel.• Increased online Group Ticket Sales by 52% from the 2012 season to the 2013 half season, due to the 2013 Lockout; generating $170,000 in Ticket Revenue with only half the available games.• Created a Social Media driven ticket promotion during the Playoffs that resulted in 3,000 new leads, regional positive press and interaction within the fan base.• Active data mining and research to create and qualify leads.• Maintenance and enhancement of the current database. Create and facilitate a long term plan for the data ecosystem of the entire organization. Assistant Vice President of Ticketing Company Name 12th Man Foundation Dates Employed 2009 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location College Station, TX • Responsible for hiring, training, evaluating and managing 40-50 hourly employees for standard office hours and over 300 sporting events annually. • Member of the team, directed by the 12th Man Foundation’s Board of Trustees, that strategically markets the 12th Man Foundation to increase membership, total giving, and ticket sales.• Meet with the Aggie Athletics Marketing and Promotions Department to develop strategies to promote and sell tickets for all ten ticketed sports.\• Sport Supervisor for Women's Soccer, Men's Tennis, and Women's Tennis.• Administers all recruiting and HS Coaches tickets in compliance with NCAA, University and Conference rules for all sports during Texas A&amp;M Football Games.• Daily sales and customer service interaction. See more positions Education The University of Kansas Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Sports Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 The University of Kansas Degree Name BSE Field Of Study Sports Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Parkway Central Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Volunteer Experience Rams Staff Day of Service Volunteer Company Name St. Louis Rams Dates volunteered May 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 1 mo As a member of the St. Louis Rams organization we volunteer one day a month to various local and national charities. http://www.stlouisrams.com/videos/videos/2014-Rams-Community-Highlights/7efa2446-9b51-4ba1-aa56-060e9824d521 Featured Skills & Endorsements Sports See 18 endorsements for Sports 18 Sports Endorsed by 2 of Ford’s colleagues at St. Louis Rams Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media See 14 endorsements for Social Media 14 Social Media Endorsed by Jeremy Maldonado, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ford’s colleagues at St. Louis Rams Click and drag to reorder skills Ticket Sales See 9 endorsements for Ticket Sales 9 Ticket Sales Endorsed by Jeremy Maldonado, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ford’s colleagues at St. Louis Blues Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) W Miles Marks Managing Director, Client Development February 15, 2012, W Miles was senior to Ford but didn’t manage directly Ford is a very creative mind, dedicated to making our operation the best it can be. Great generator of new ideas. Passionate about giving excellent customer service. Valued team player that makes us better and stronger. Leader. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ford has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization SEAT Interests Sporting Kansas City 8,282 followers KU Alumni Association 2,517 followers University of Kansas Medical Center 25,131 followers Sports Business Journal/Daily 48,725 members The University of Kansas Sport Management Alumni 469 members Saint Louis Tableau User Group 395 members See all See all following
More Actions Adam G. has a account Adam G. Karl Digital Analytics | Marketing | Web | Mobile App | Victoria's Secret Victoria's Secret The Ohio State University Columbus, Ohio 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced analyst and strategic thinker with an eye for identifying growth opportunities and developing effective solutions that produce significant results in a short amount of time. Motivated to solve complex business problems using data, creativity, and collaboration. Possesses the ability to be both meticulously methodical and intuitively observant. Experience with advanced quantitative analysis and sophisticated modeling. Strong IT proficiency, including advanced skills in relational database management systems, IBM Digital Analytics, Coremetrics, Google Analytics, Localytics, SQL, SAS, Charles Proxy, SAP (PLM, CRM, Web Intelligence, Crystal Reports, & Lumira), Adobe Acrobat, Microsoft Office (Access, Word, PowerPoint, Visio, and Excel). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Marketing Web Analytics Consultant Company Name Victoria's Secret Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Manage engagement and commerce driven projects for multiple teams to maximize success of campaignsProvide insight into the meaning of data sets and propose actions based on that understandingCreate simple visualizations to translate intricate data into concise narrativesDesign and implement analytics solutions to support strategic initiatives, working directly with executive leadershipConstruct customized dashboards and automated reporting for senior management utilizing data analytics toolsEmploy analytics software including SAS to gather and consolidate figures for ad hoc requestsGuide analysis and reporting on efficiency of internet and digital marketing initiativesCreate instructional materials and provide training on data software and methods for both business and technical users Partner with marketing teams and vendors to consolidate and organize internal and third party dataCollaborate with web and mobile app teams to validate tagging to ensure the quality digital metrics Regulatory Affairs Consultant Company Name L Brands Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Restructured key business processes to yield an annual recurring saving of over $150,000Developed an electronic submission process that reduces document processing time by more than 85%Aligned recommendations with the strategic objectives of the enterprise and reported progress to managementDelivered compelling presentations of solutions in verbal, written and visual forms to stakeholders Lead effective group meetings, conference calls and brainstorming sessions with domestic and international partnersEnhanced vendor on-time performance by 100% by executing an effective supplier relationship management practiceConstructed comprehensive performance metrics and KPIs to translate data into lucid, actionable insightsCreated and maintained large product databases using advanced Excel, Access, and SQL skills Collaborate with cross-functional partners to ensure accurate material data set-ups and maintenance in SAPUtilized pivot tables/charts, VBA and macros to interactively organize material data for all business groupsWorked closely with product management teams to support assigned product portfolios Analytical Standards Company Name GFS Chemicals Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Collaborated with upper management and customers to address product issues and solutionsSupported management and customers regarding regulatory and potential non-compliance issuesProvided guidance to resolve and prevent non-compliance through appropriate corrective actionEstablished and implemented quality management system through continuous improvementLed research and development projects to create new productsIdentified and executed process improvements using Lean Manufacturing conceptsPerformed prolonged and complex tasks simultaneously while maintaining a high level of qualityMaximized efficiency of production by identifying and prioritizing essential tasks Staff Soccer Coach Company Name Columbus Crew Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area Youth soccer coach for Columbus Crew Juniors Research Assistant Company Name OSU LABS in Life @ COSI Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Columbus, Ohio Area Promoted university values by educating local students in a community program.Established and maintained favorable public relations through interactive demonstrations.Compiled and organized accurate scientific data for university research.Collaborated with Abbott Nutrition on product research and development projects.Analyzed scholarly scientific literature to assist in creation of research proposal. Assisted with interpretation and organization of research findings for professional presentation. Education The Ohio State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Nutrition Activities and Societies: Young Life Dean's List The Ohio State University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Chemistry Activities and Societies: Young Life Dean's List Volunteer Experience High School/Middle School Leader Company Name Young Life Dates volunteered Mar 2006 – Mar 2011 Volunteer duration 5 yrs 1 mo Cause Children Mentored high school and middle school students on individual and small group levels.Volunteered an average of over 30 hours a week. Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 8 endorsements for Strategy 8 Strategy Lucy Blake and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy See 8 endorsements for Business Strategy 8 Business Strategy Lucy Blake and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 6 endorsements for Analytics 6 Analytics Mike Bryant and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Adam G. has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Calculus and Analytic Geometry Development Studies Individual Studies in Human Nutrition Microeconomics Professional Experience Internship in Human Nutrition Public Speaking Statistics for the Business Sciences Undergraduate Research in Human Nutrition Adam G. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification ISO/IEC 17025 Internal Auditor Training Adam G. has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score GMAT Interests Change Consulting | Digital | Disruptive | Data | Strategy | Transformation | Jobs | #1 in CHANGE 110,490 members David EdelmanDavid Edelman is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Marketing Officer at Aetna 1,097,927 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,238,281 followers Boston University Questrom School of Business 38,260 followers NetJets 37,881 followers L Brands 109,541 followers See all See all following
More Actions Emad has a account Emad Hamdy BI & Big Data Analyst at The Cultural Village Foundation - Katara The Cultural Village Foundation - Katara Faculty of electronic engineer Qatar 439 439 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Bigdata , Hadoop ,tabluea , SSIS ,PRINCE2, COBIT 5 and ITIL certified , Project Management professional offering a wealth of more than 7 years of experience in IT field, technology planning, framework development, technology / business integration, and consulting, provide the overall management of all IT , applications , services and to lead a team of professionals in executing the IT and business plan . Visionary strategist effective guiding organizational development of business and technology plans. Business developer skilled at creating engaging presentations. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience BI & Big Data Analyst Company Name The Cultural Village Foundation - Katara Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Qatar Assist with implementation and support of business information systems across multiple departments.Conduct market analysis and analyze both product lines and the overall profitability of the business.Develop and share reports that enable advertising, customer service, finance, sales and marketing managers to make better business decisions by understanding geography, supply chain and price.Ensure that business data and reporting needs are met.Directs, organizes, and leads BI work stream projects in the implementation and use of new BI software tools and systems.Works on highly complex, cross functional, and enterprise IT and business intelligence solutions.Provides subject matter expertise for key BI core functions.Implement Tableau for all internal data sources System Analyst Company Name Cultural Village - Katara Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 3 mos Location Qatar Served as key project team member for full life cycle Oracle systems integration to key clients. Delivered hands-on systems planning, integration, problem-solving, training, and client relationship management. Coordinated delivery of multiple concurrent projects across KATARA . Served as authoritative decision maker for ensuring client satisfaction and ensuring project profitabilityDevelop and ensure the implementation of the IT support services strategy that supports the business objectives and enhances productivity, functionality and efficiencies in the organization’s business processes, in line with company standards and best practice.Manage the provision of user support and ensure access control procedures are followed for secure areas so that organizational productivity and effectiveness are guaranteedLead the performance of root cause analysis on critical or recurring issues, analyzing issue history in order to identify projects that will have the maximum impact toward reduction of these issues.Selected Projects & Achievements: Implemented Oracle E-Business Suite R12 for Supply chain , Inventory and HR .  Implemented new infrastructure of servers and storage . Implementation of Workflow System and design . Implemented Document management System . Implemented intranet portal SharePoint 2013. Built and implemented performance measurements frameworks and skills development mentoring program. Implemented Event management system . Support and project manager for Exchange. Implemented System Center 2012 . Leveled resources and managed risks across multiple concurrent projects. Programmer Company Name TAQA For Marketing Oil Products (S.A.E) Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Suez Check programs to ensure the validity of data storage and the work of modernization Programs and reports from the system and viewing software, Tests software to evaluate ease of use and whether product will aid user in performing work; Performs daily checks to verify system availability, Tests and deploys new software and procedures, installation, conversion and upgrade activities.Interviews user to collect information about problem and leads user through diagnostic procedures to determine source of error, Handles problem recognition, research, isolation, resolution and follow-up for user problems, Creating logical and innovative solutions to complex problems. Research and recommend hardware and software implementation; Education Faculty of electronic engineer Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Grade Good Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Big Data See 1 endorsement for Big Data 1 Big Data Mohamed Moawad has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Apache Spark See 1 endorsement for Apache Spark 1 Apache Spark Mohamed Moawad has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tableau See 1 endorsement for Tableau 1 Tableau Mohamed Moawad has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Emad has 15 courses 15 Expand courses section Courses COBIT 5 Data ONTAP 7-Mode Administration Designing security for a Microsoft server 2003 network Exchange2007 ITIL Framework Maintaining a Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 Oracle Certified Professional PMP PRINCE2 Foundation Planning , implementing ,and maintaining a Microsoft server 2003 active directory Infrastructure Emad has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English Interests Qatar Ports Management Company- Mwani Qatar 12,477 followers The Project Manager Network - #1 Group for Project Managers 1,003,292 members Big Data Professional Network 92,011 members Big Data Middle East & Africa 616 members Big Data, Analytics, Hadoop, NoSQL & Cloud Computing 73,386 members Qatar Foundation 112,151 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ford has a account Ford Galvin Data Management and Business Intelligence at Los Angeles Rams Los Angeles Rams The University of Kansas Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Ford Galvin, Director of Data Management and Business Intelligence with the St. Louis Rams NFL Franchise . He is a leader and primary administrator for the Business data systems. He has the ability to perceive the needs and demands of customers and form creative solutions based on those demands, while continuing to promote the Rams in a positive atmosphere. He strives to find efficient and effective solutions.Galvin previously held the position of Analytics Specialist with the Rams. He was responsible for implementing and designing the company wide CRM system.Prior to joining the St. Louis Rams, Galvin was the Manager, Database Marketing for the St. Louis Blues NHL Club, and was responsible for creating new and innovative ways to grow revenue through Client Services, Fan Development, Sales, Sponsorship and Marketing. He was also the Assistant Vice President of Ticketing at the 12th Man Foundation. Galvin also held several positions with Kansas Athletics. He formerly served as a member of their Athletics Sales and Marketing Department. While at both the 12th Man Foundation and Kansas Athletics, Galvin has held a lead position over twenty NCAA and Big XII events including; 2012 NCAA Women’s Basketball 1st and 2nd Round, 2011 Cotton Bowl, 2011 NCAA Women’s Basketball Final Four, 2011 NCAA College World Series, 2011 NCAA Women’s Golf Championship, 2011 NCAA Indoor Men’s and Women’s Track Championship, 2010 Independence Bowl, 2009 NCAA Women’s College Cup, 2008 NCAA Men’s Basketball Final Four, 2008 Insight Bowl, and 2008 BCS Orange Bowl.A native of St. Louis, Missouri, Galvin received his Bachelor of Science and Master’s degrees in sports administration from the University of Kansas and is currently pursuing a MBA in Finance from Webster University.Specialties: Management, creative problem solving, nonprofits, marketing, ticket operations, sales, branding, data mining, strategic planning, NCAA compliance, XML, HTML, Javascript, CSS, CRM, MS-Office Suite See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Management and Business Intelligence Company Name Los Angeles Rams Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Director of Data Management and Business Intelligence Company Name St. Louis Rams Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Media (1) This position has 1 media Rams' Ford Galvin uses data to create the ultimate fan experience - Silicon Prairie News Rams' Ford Galvin uses data to create the ultimate fan experience - Silicon Prairie News This media is a link Analytics Specialist Company Name St. Louis Rams Dates Employed May 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Created and implemented the organization wide CRM system. Vets and implements new technologies.Created and manages a central data warehouse.Integrates data sources to one central data warehouse.Provided reporting, insights and analytics to help executives make business decisions. Media (1) This position has 1 media Rams' Galvin Renovates Data for Fan Benefits Rams' Galvin Renovates Data for Fan Benefits This media is a link Manager, Database Marketing Company Name St. Louis Blues Dates Employed Mar 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area • Responsible for creating new and innovative ways to grow revenue through Client Services, Fan Development, Sales, Sponsorship and Marketing.• Create a working relationship among multiple departments to maximize revenue across all departments.• Used existing technologies to sell various theme night tickets online and increased tickets sold and revenue from the previous season, with only half as many games available. o Military Night 10% increase in revenue. o Student Night $62,000 of Revenue exclusively through new sales channels.• Developed dynamic web technologies to create specific websites and offers for preferred partners to purchase tickets online. This allows for reporting by company and has generated $59,000 in revenue through this new sales channel.• Increased online Group Ticket Sales by 52% from the 2012 season to the 2013 half season, due to the 2013 Lockout; generating $170,000 in Ticket Revenue with only half the available games.• Created a Social Media driven ticket promotion during the Playoffs that resulted in 3,000 new leads, regional positive press and interaction within the fan base.• Active data mining and research to create and qualify leads.• Maintenance and enhancement of the current database. Create and facilitate a long term plan for the data ecosystem of the entire organization. Assistant Vice President of Ticketing Company Name 12th Man Foundation Dates Employed 2009 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location College Station, TX • Responsible for hiring, training, evaluating and managing 40-50 hourly employees for standard office hours and over 300 sporting events annually. • Member of the team, directed by the 12th Man Foundation’s Board of Trustees, that strategically markets the 12th Man Foundation to increase membership, total giving, and ticket sales.• Meet with the Aggie Athletics Marketing and Promotions Department to develop strategies to promote and sell tickets for all ten ticketed sports.\• Sport Supervisor for Women's Soccer, Men's Tennis, and Women's Tennis.• Administers all recruiting and HS Coaches tickets in compliance with NCAA, University and Conference rules for all sports during Texas A&amp;M Football Games.• Daily sales and customer service interaction. See more positions Education The University of Kansas Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Sports Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 The University of Kansas Degree Name BSE Field Of Study Sports Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Parkway Central Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Volunteer Experience Rams Staff Day of Service Volunteer Company Name St. Louis Rams Dates volunteered May 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 1 mo As a member of the St. Louis Rams organization we volunteer one day a month to various local and national charities. http://www.stlouisrams.com/videos/videos/2014-Rams-Community-Highlights/7efa2446-9b51-4ba1-aa56-060e9824d521 Featured Skills & Endorsements Sports See 18 endorsements for Sports 18 Sports Endorsed by 2 of Ford’s colleagues at St. Louis Rams Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media See 14 endorsements for Social Media 14 Social Media Endorsed by Jeremy Maldonado, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ford’s colleagues at St. Louis Rams Click and drag to reorder skills Ticket Sales See 9 endorsements for Ticket Sales 9 Ticket Sales Endorsed by Jeremy Maldonado, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ford’s colleagues at St. Louis Blues Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) W Miles Marks Managing Director, Client Development February 15, 2012, W Miles was senior to Ford but didn’t manage directly Ford is a very creative mind, dedicated to making our operation the best it can be. Great generator of new ideas. Passionate about giving excellent customer service. Valued team player that makes us better and stronger. Leader. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ford has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization SEAT Interests Database Marketing in Sports, Media & Entertainment 863 members Tableau Software 201,810 followers Pulse 1,535,198 followers Webster University 103,016 followers Ticketmaster 74,841 followers KU Alumni Association 2,517 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kim has a account Kim Vuong Data Scientist RedPixie City University London Bromley, United Kingdom 218 218 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A senior data analyst with a newly obtained Masters in Data Science, looking to utilise my experience and new acquired skills to solve interesting problems for clients. A genuine inquisitiveness is used to consult with internal and external stakeholders to discern their business problems and come up with meaningful discoveries. I am experienced in transforming semi structured and unstructured data (using SPSS, SQL or Python) into insightful information using applied statistics and visualisation techniques. I am comfortable and experienced in presenting quantified insights to non-technical teams and C-level management. Best part of my job is using data to tell a story and highlight important content and findings.Technical Knowledge:SPSS | SQL | Anaconda Python Data Science Platform (Numpy, Pandas, Bokeh) | Tableau (academically) | Matlab (academically) | Knowledge of NHS (UK) clinical systems/data (RiO, SUS, HES & NDTMS)Core Professional Competencies:Stakeholder Consultation | Survey Design & Implementation | Statistical & Quantitative Research Methods | Market Research | Data wrangling & mining | Database Management See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Kim’s Activity 220 followers Is it time for us all to think a bit more like the Millennials? Kim liked Who's Who: The 6 Top Thinkers In AI And Machine Learning Kim liked John Arundel on Twitter Kim shared this Women @ Pydata reception. Great to meet other women in the data science community Kim shared this See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name RedPixie Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom Manager Data Analyst Company Name The Adecco Group Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Zürich, Switzerland and London, England • Based in the global headquarters of the world’s largest staffing firm. • Responsible for the company's global customer insights programme (scope in 2016: 23 countries, 18 languages, 14 brands & 1.5mn respondents) and analysis team.• Managing a team consisting of a lead analyst and project coordinator.• Managed, extract, clean (wrangling), and prepared data for analysis using SPSS and Python.• Performed statistical analysis and modelling with visualisation in SPSS to identify factors affecting client satisfaction, exploring indictors related to business performance for marketing departments and business operation managers globally.• Designed a survey and implemented an experiment evaluating an in-house training programme using pairwise comparison of results in SPSS.• Data mined finance and staffing data in Python to learn more about their customers, staffing behaviours and activities to improve internal processes.• Report preparation, presentation and translating analysis into actions for service improvement for C-level Management. • Process optimisation and restructuring of the Global Satisfaction Survey programme resulted in improved data quality and fast turnaround time for data and report delivery from 6 months to 2 months.• Project managing the survey deployment, resources and budgets (requirements management, SLA definition & contract negotiation.• Maintain and chair a global wide Customer Satisfaction community meet-ups. Data Analyst Company Name Dr Foster Intelligence Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location London, United Kingdom • Analysed up to 80 million records of secondary health care data to derive information and reports to client's specification using T-SQL. • Assisted in quality checking key statistical analysis such as confidence intervals, regression and relative risk.• Validate the statistical methodologies used to create information published in the Dr Foster hospital guide.• Investigated the impact of industry changes on Dr Foster. Provided feedback and consulted on measures to take to minimise disruption to the business. • Adopted a business analysis role, translating the business requirements into actions for the development team. Healthcare Analyst Company Name Central London Community Healthcare Dates Employed May 2009 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom Consultant Analyst Company Name National Treatment Agency for Substance Misuse Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom • Set up and managed a research project investigating the impact and effectiveness of long term drug treatment• Statistically analysed data to create a case mix review• Deliver in-person presentations to the board, proposing ways to take the project forward. See more positions Education City University London Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Data Science Grade Pass with merit Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2017 Dissertation: Visualising Dynamic Topic Models for Twitter data with Hierarchical Dirichlet ProcessCore modules: Introduction to Data Science, Big Data, Visual Analytics, Neural Computing, Machine Learning, Computer Vision and Data Visualisation. University of Southampton Degree Name Module 1: Data collection and interpretation Field Of Study Royal Statistical Society Distant Learning Programme Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 City, University of London Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Advanced Social Research Methods and Statistics Grade Pass Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 23 endorsements for Data Analysis 23 Data Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Kim’s colleagues at The Adecco Group Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 13 endorsements for Business Analysis 13 Business Analysis Endorsed by Maria Manuela Almeida and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Kim’s colleagues at Dr Foster Click and drag to reorder skills SPSS See 11 endorsements for SPSS 11 SPSS Endorsed by 4 of Kim’s colleagues at National Treatment Agency for Substance Misuse Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (2) Fran Savage Project Manager at Dr Foster Intelligence June 14, 2012, Fran managed Kim directly Kim proved herself to be an excellent data analyst in her time working for me at Dr Foster Intelligence. She fitted in very well, picked up new concepts exceptionally quickly and was not afraid to ask questions where needed. Kim has a wealth of technical abilities and was able to take complex information and explain it in clear and simple terms. Kim’s SQL skills allowed her to query large datasets, accurately identifying, reporting and where needed, correcting issues raised by both internal and external clients. Kim’s ability to understand and analyse the impact of industry changes was an invaluable addition to the department. I was always impressed by Kim’s desire to build on her existing statistical and technical knowledge and her tenacious nature to get to the root of a problem meant she excelled in her role. Steve Beckitt No.1 Technology for Fast Growth Recruitment Companies - We are hiring! February 25, 2010, Steve was a client of Kim’s Kim has worked at NHS Westminster through JP Gray since May 2009. From the outset, Kim produced outstanding results and continues to do so, resulting in her contract now being extended for a second time.Possessing an excellent work ethic and a bright personality, Kim is an absolute pleasure to represent and I have no hesitation in recommending her. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Robin Melville Director, Confidential Document Exchange Ltd July 5, 2011, Robin worked with Kim in the same group Passionate about making a positive difference. Great attention is given to ensure accurate data is captured for business and research needs. Steve Beckitt No.1 Technology for Fast Growth Recruitment Companies - We are hiring! February 25, 2010, Kim was a client of Steve’s Steve has represented me for the last 12 months, and during that time he has provided the most exemplary service and professional advice towards my career. He possesses exceptional communication skills and eye for detail, and this has resulted in me obtaining an employment situation of which I am happy with. Personally, he is a very easy going and approachable person, and I wouldn't hesitate in recommending him to prospective employers or job-seekers. Accomplishments Interests City, University of London 92,866 followers City, University of London 85,336 followers RedPixie 627 followers University of Southampton 112,167 followers University of Sussex 76,660 followers The Adecco Group 620,445 followers See all See all following
More Actions Luis has a account Luis Ortiz Financial Analyst at Moody's Investors Service Moody's Investors Service St. John's University Bronx, New York 390 390 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Manager- Analytic Data Company Name Moody's Investors Service Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Financial Analyst Company Name Moody's Investors Service Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Lead Financial Data Analyst Company Name Moody's Investors Service Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Personal Banker Company Name Wells Fargo Dates Employed May 2009 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Serve as Subject Matter Expert for Insurance and Banking in the creation of all-encompassing program for collecting data for financial institution group. Aramark Supervisor Company Name ARAMARK Dates Employed Mar 2007 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Data Analysis, inventory analysis Education St. John's University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Economics Grade 3.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Brooklyn Techinal High School Field Of Study Liberal Arts and Sciences/Liberal Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 12 endorsements for Financial Analysis 12 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Sikandar Hashmi, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 12 endorsements for Microsoft Office 12 Microsoft Office Sikandar Hashmi and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Banking See 10 endorsements for Banking 10 Banking Sikandar Hashmi and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Luis has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Pulse 1,535,198 followers Bank of America 793,053 followers Jamie DimonJamie Dimon is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 517,515 followers Wells Fargo Financial Alumni 5,376 members St. John's University 88,671 followers Wells Fargo Capital Finance 12,703 followers See all See all following
More Actions Duncan has a account Duncan Patton Data Analyst at Seattle Seahawks Seattle Seahawks Gonzaga University Seattle, Washington 104 104 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I graduated from Gonzaga University in the summer of 2012 with honors, earning dual B.A. degrees in the fields of chemistry and mathematics. While attending Gonzaga University, I participated in many extracurricular research projects on top of my classes, performing computational modeling of deuterated amino acids to better understand their adjusted conformations, as well as writing code in Fortran 90 to predict nonlinear optical properties of small molecules. My culminating senior thesis work was a review article centered on the role of rare earth metals and catalysts containing these, in order to promote anti-Markovnikov hydroamination, a process that is currently very difficult in the scientific community. Since graduating from Gonzaga, I have moved back to Seattle and have been working as assistant manager to The Dubliner bar in Fremont, in order to gain more hands on experience of the food and beverage industry, but also to further my understanding of how business is conducted on a day to day basis, and what is necessary in order for a business to run smoothly each day. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Seattle Seahawks Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Bartender and Assistant Manager Company Name The Dubliner Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Responsible for maintaining and servicing the general bar area, including any construction related activities and weekly ordering of all beer and bar supplies. Operated as full manager when necessary, fulfilling managerial duties including spirit purchases, coordinating with various distribution companies, supervising general contract work, organizing all beer purchases and marketing sales. Tutor Company Name Gonzaga University Dates Employed Jan 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Spokane, Washington Area Coached high school students in a variety of subjects, including algebra, geometry, and calculus Research Assistant Company Name Gonzaga University Dates Employed May 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Spokane, Washington Area Performed computational research on predicting non-linear optical properties of small molecules in the Gidofalvi Lab summer 2011, utilizing programming skills within the Fortran 90 code on a Linux based platform, involving heavy use of matrix based math mechanics. Research Assistant Company Name Gonzaga University Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Spokane, Washington Area Performed B3LYP computer based computations of conformational changes of deuterated amino acids as probes for the investigation and characterization within the biophysical field. Education Gonzaga University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Gonzaga University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 8 endorsements for Research 8 Research Cameron Stout and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 5 endorsements for Management 5 Management Cameron Stout and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 4 Microsoft Excel Cameron Stout and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Duncan has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Hickert, A. S.; Durgan, A. C.; Patton, D. A.; Blake, S. A.; Cremeens, M. E.“A B3LYP investigation of the conformational and environmental sensitivity of carbon–deuterium frequencies of aryl-perdeuterated phenylalanine and tryptophan.” Theor. Chem. Acc. Interests Larvol 1,307 followers Young's Market Company 11,491 followers Benaroya Research Institute at Virginia Mason 2,531 followers Blitz, Inc 1,546 followers Allen Institute 5,989 followers Center for Infectious Disease Research 4,603 followers See all See all following
More Actions Xiaoyu (Helen) has a account Xiaoyu (Helen) Yang Data Analyst II at AIG AIG Commercial Underwriting Analytics Columbia University in the City of New York Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent As a Data Analyst, I have been working on advanced analytics for consumer marketing and business intelligence for firm-wide KPI dashboard visualization. Currently I am looking for opportunities in advanced analytics and business intelligence in technology and financial services industries. Please contact me at xiaoyu.yang1104@gmail.com.My technical skills include:- R- SQL- SAS (Base and Enterprise Miner)- QlikView, Shiny- Excel (including Pivot Table, advanced functions such as VLOOKUP/HLOOKUP and VBA)- MATLAB See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst II Company Name AIG Commercial Underwriting Analytics Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Data Analyst I Company Name AIG Consumer IT Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Ireland Marketing Analytics• Created customer segments and predicted consumer insurance products cross-sell opportunities, based on which the customer email list of email marketing campaign was generated• Identified operational processes with automation potential by generating topic segments from call center notes• Analyzed customer sentiments from call center notes to improve customer experience and satisfaction• Built SQL queries in SAS via Hadoop engine to extract, merge and cleanse data tables from various sources• Developed Single Customer View Dashboard in QlikView to track business development and profitability KPIs• Automated actuarial reports of auto insurance in Excel with VBA to identify most profitable customer segments• Visualized 750K customers across all product lines on interactive map using Shiny and Leaflet packages in R• Presented key insights and recommendations of analytical projects to senior management of Ireland Marketing and Actuarial teamsExecutive Dashboard Visualization• Partnered with business units and functional teams across AIG to create Executive Dashboard Visualization web application using agile development methodology to accommodate requirement changes in a timely fashion• Defined and analyzed defect metrics to locate root causes within development and deployment processes which reduced redundant efforts and improved efficiency for each application release• Created defect tracking template to ensure timely and accurate status updates on data validation and UAT testsAIG Action Learning Project• Provided thought leadership to improving underwriting profits using behavioral analytics of Personal Insurance business data to help AIG transition into a capital-light business model• Managed the project, communicated with SMEs in business functions across AIG and presented insights and recommendations to CFO of consumer business line Summer Analyst Company Name AIG Data Solutions Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area • Developed VBA automation to have improved maintenance and query issues of the data governance accountability framework and accelerated the role assignment process• Created data source tracking ACCESS database and key communication materials to have facilitated the initialization of model data quality project• Designed project monitor processes and project health scorecard to identify risky projects for proactive risk mitigation actions• Liaised between Data Solutions and business partners across AIG for data governance efforts• Presented sophisticated models and algorithms to senior management team of AIG Global Data Solutions Summer Analyst Company Name KPMG China Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Beijing • Performed exploratory analysis on warranty surplus rate trends of major wind power companies• Developed VBA automation to improve the efficiency of creating financial statement reports Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Operations Research Grade 3.80/4.00 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Columbia Data Science Institute, Entrepreneurship Leadership & Consulting Club, Columbia Graduate Consulting Club, Columbia Spectator University of International Business and Economics Degree Name Bachelor of Economics Field Of Study Risk Management and Insurance Grade GPA 3.88/4.00 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: UIBE Student Government Academics & Practices Department, UIBE Volunteer Group UIBE STUDENT GOVERNMENT, Coordinator of Academics & Practices Department• Organized campus-wide events for 60th Anniversary National Day Celebration Series• Planned and developed UIBE Knowledge Series (UIBE version of TED Talk) UIBE VOLUNTEER GROUP, Volunteer Teacher• Taught in primary schools for migrating workers in suburban and rural areas of Beijing Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name Visiting Student Field Of Study Economics General Grade GPA 3.99/4.00 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Columbia Spectator, Community Impact COLUMBIA SPECTATOR, Staff Writer and Reporter• Interviewed 5 different specialists in food and cuisine industry in New York City• Drafted and edited a feature article regarding New American Cuisine in the 4th issue of The Eye magazine under Columbia Spectator Volunteer Experience Volunteer Teacher Company Name UIBE Volunteer Group Dates volunteered Mar 2011 – Jul 2011 Volunteer duration 5 mos Cause Education UIBE Volunteer GroupProgram Coordinator and Teaching Assistance Volunteer• Liaised UIBE Volunteer Group with 2 headmasters of primary schools to launch teaching assistance programs• Taught in 8 different classes in Yucai Primary School for children of migrating workers in Beijing rural areas Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 16 endorsements for R 16 R Endorsed by Zijian Xie and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Xiaoyu (Helen)’s colleagues at AIG Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 4 endorsements for SQL 4 SQL Endorsed by Siyu Hou, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Xiaoyu (Helen)’s colleagues at AIG Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 5 endorsements for SAS 5 SAS Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Xiaoyu (Helen)’s colleagues at AIG Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Raghavan Kirthivasan AIG Science April 28, 2016, Raghavan was senior to Xiaoyu (Helen) but didn’t manage directly Helen and I worked on a consumer analytics project in AIG. Helen brings together all the qualities required of a really good analyst - number crunching skills, in-depth knowledge of stats techniques and presentation skills. She turned around any analysis required in a short duration without compromising on any aspect. Helen is also able to work in a cross cultural team environment and this makes her a very valuable member for any team. I wish her the best for all her endeavours hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Xiaoyu (Helen) has 20 courses 20 Expand courses section Courses Actuarial Mathematics Algorithmic Trading Asset Management Capital Markets Data Mining Deterministic Models Econometrics Financial Economics Financial Engineering Financial Risk Management Xiaoyu (Helen) has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Spanish Xiaoyu (Helen) has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Email Spam Detector Prototype Authorship Attribution of Federalists' Papers Facial Image Reconstruction Xiaoyu (Helen) has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards UIBE Academic Scholarship National Academic Scholarship Xiaoyu (Helen) has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9 Interests Leadership & Management 24,848,418 followers TED Conferences 5,361,660 followers University of International Business and Economics 34,357 followers Columbia University Actuarial Science Alumni 514 members Jet.com 22,210 followers J.P. Morgan 821,704 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chelsea has a account Chelsea Heaven Data Professional Fuzion Indiana University Bloomington Indianapolis, Indiana Area 323 323 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a data professional currently based in Carmel, Indiana. My primary skills are using SQL, R, and Excel for data analysis, predictive analytics, data management, and reproducible reporting. I am also a statistical consultant with experience in analysis consultation, SAS tutorial creation, and reporting. My statistical interests are exploratory data analysis (i.e. data mining), visualization, and hierarchical linear/non-linear modeling. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Fuzion Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Location Carmel, IN • Build and interpret regression and clustering models to forecast insurance claim activity and cost.• Coordinate ad-hoc ticket system to fulfill data requests and manage data team activities.• Investigate data cleaning issues and document accordingly. Data Analyst Company Name Maven Analytics Group Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Carmel, IN • On contract at Fuzion Analytics• Engage in T-SQL programming with Microsoft SQL Server in order to: - Pull and clean data for adhoc data requests. - Formulate data for end of month/quarter/year financial reporting. - Redesign production queries to allow them to be more efficient. - Create valid datasets for use in software development applications.• Work with Information Technology team to develop a BI database layer utilizing dimensional modeling in order to increase efficiency of data reporting.• Develop protocol for predictive analytics procedures using industry-standard modeling tools. Consulting Associate Intern Company Name Indiana Statistical Consulting Center Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Bloomington, Indiana Area • Assist undergraduate and graduate students, faculty, and staff from across Indiana University's campuses in developing research projects, analyzing primary and secondary data, and interpreting results. • Use SPSS, R, and SAS, and Excel to manage, investigate, summarize, and visualize client data. • Work independently and collaboratively with coworkers and supervisor to develop optimal solutions for clients, and writing detailed recommendation reports supporting our findings.• Build and maintain a statistics wiki for the use of staff and client reference. Data Manager Company Name Indiana Center for Sexual Health Promotion Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Bloomington, Indiana Area • Coordinate teams of volunteers to efficiently run data entry and coding projects.• Prepare large data files for analysis using SPSS syntax.• Create comprehensible codebooks for large, qualitative datasets.• Research duties such as data analysis, literature reviews, scientific writing, and creating indexes for print publications. Teaching Assistant Company Name Indiana University Bloomington Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Bloomington, Indiana Area • Grade assignments and assist students with course content of an undergraduate Epidemiology course (HPER C311).• Enter student performance data and amend as needed. See more positions Education Indiana University Bloomington Degree Name Masters of Public Health Field Of Study Biostatistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Mental Health Working Group MPH Program emphasized practical experience with research, advanced statistical methods to assist in planning and evaluating public health programs, and training in SAS. Queen's University Degree Name Bachelors of Arts (Hons.) Field Of Study Psychology, Gender Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: ASUS Graphic Design Team, Orientation Leader, Mental Health Awareness Committee, Developed and defended an undergraduate thesis. Skills Microsoft SQL Server Microsoft SQL Server Click and drag to reorder skills T-SQL T-SQL Click and drag to reorder skills R R Click and drag to reorder skills SAS SAS Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Debby Herbenick President at DH Health & Media LLC July 15, 2011, Debby managed Chelsea directly Chelsea is a detail-oriented and conscientious research assistant who has worked with us on a variety of projects including data cleaning and entry. She is smart, curious, motivated, dependable and interested in the world around her - characteristics which are valuable and in our (often demanding) research environment. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chelsea has 9 courses 9 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Experimental Psychology Categorical Data Analysis Exploratory Data Analysis Honours Thesis Multilevel Modeling Multivariate Statistical Analysis Research Methods in Psychology Statistical Consulting Statistics in Psychology Chelsea has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Basic Statistics with SAS® Enterprise Guide: For Learners and Teachers and Everyone Else Scene Context Influences without Scene Gist: Eye Movements Guided by Spatial Associations in Visual Search The Relative Contribution of Scene Context and Target Features to Visual Search in Scenes Chelsea has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects MCCSC School Project Attending to Bullying: A Psychophysical Approach to Understanding Peer Aggression and Victimization Chelsea has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Donald Ludwig Scholarship Interests Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 113,536 followers Cytel 6,749 followers Healthcare 6,528,552 followers The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,576 members Socius Group 31 followers Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania (SHIP) 494 followers See all See all following
More Actions Qamar has a account Qamar Khan Data Analyst | Data Manager Bell York University Toronto, Canada Area 377 377 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Result oriented Business Intelligence & Data Analysis professional with 9+ of professional experience in Financial Services and Telecom Industries. Employs quantitative analysis and quality assurance principles to identify trends and root causes. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Intelligence Analyst, Data Company Name Bell Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Senior Analyst Enterprise Data Management - Office of The Chief Data Officer Company Name TD Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada Data Analyst - Revenue Assurance Company Name Telus Mobility Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Analyst, Corporate & Channels Company Name Telus Mobility Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Business Analyst Company Name Scotiabank Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area See more positions Education York University Degree Name B.A Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Member of York Federation of Students. Worked on third world economies during Politics of Global Economies course. Institute of Canadian Bankers Degree Name Investment Funds in Canada Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2007 Ryerson University Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Data Analytics, Big Data, and Predictive Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Certificate in Data Analytics, Big Data, and Predictive Analytics will provide relevant, timely, and effective education in data analytics foundations, basic and advanced analytics methods, and big data analytics tools. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining Data Mining No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 7 endorsements for Data Analysis 7 Data Analysis Endorsed by Jeffrey Strickland, Ph.D., CMSP, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 3 endorsements for Business Intelligence 3 Business Intelligence Adeel Humayun and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Rajiv Jani SAP ISU device management consultant at Capgemini October 31, 2013, Rajiv managed Qamar directly Qamar is one of those rare team members on whom you can always rely on. When I had to delegate a delicate client issue, I had complete faith that Qamar would resolve it promptly and delight the client. He never proved me wrong! I recommend Qamar to any organization/position as I know he will be a great asset wherever he works. Thanks for being you Qamar! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Qamar has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Lean Six Sigma & DFSS Six Sigma Green Belt Certified Qamar has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Urdu Qamar has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Project Scorpion, launch of sub brand under the name of ClearNet Interests RMIT University 220,969 followers Heidrick & Struggles 108,918 followers MCG Associates 155,876 followers Gulf Recruitment 209,086 members Saudi Recruiters Club 55,916 members Kuwait Telecommunication Company- VIVA 19,725 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nitin has a account Nitin Puranik Sr. Agile Business Analyst, CBAP, Data Analyst, Statistical Analyst Accenture Pandit Ravishankar Shukla University San Francisco Bay Area 229 229 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Since I started doing Business, Systems & Data Analysis almost 12 years ago, I have been a zealot for connecting Business with Technology and harnessing the power of data to assess and define solutions. I have partnered with my clients across various industries and geographies, deriving insights and designing solutions to help enable new end-to-end business processes and capabilities and transform legacy processes.I am an IT Business Systems Analyst / Agile Product Owner who is equally at home doing Data Analysis, using Data Visualization and Statistical methods to identify the best solutions to business problems and opportunities. I have demonstrated success in the following:• Commerce and Partner facing applications, • Software & SAAS subscription commerce, • Sales & Marketing: Campaign Management, Quote/Opportunity Management, Loyalty Management etc., • Order & Asset Management: Provisioning, Asset-based Ordering, Products & Pricing• Other CRM areas like Customer & Contact Management etc.I am also an experienced Agile Professional who has knowledge of Data Visualization and Statistical Analysis using R Programming: Exploratory Data Analysis, Linear & Multiple Linear Regression, ANOVA (Analysis of Variance), K means clustering etc.Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP) from IIBA, Canada See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Nitin’s Activity 229 followers Alphabet's Sidewalk Labs Eyes Toronto for Its Digital City Nitin liked Hi, Network! IBM is looking for Maximo Consultants all over Canada, Functional/Technical/Business Analysts/Project Managers/Architects - all levels available for full-time roles. Let me know if you or someone you know are interested in an exciting new opportunity with IBM! Nitin liked See all activity Experience Sr. BA/Agile Product Owner, Data Analyst Company Name Accenture Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Project: Multi-National High Tech CompanyProject Duration: September 2016 - PresentResponsibilities: • Working as Sr.Business Analyst for Software Subscriptions & SAAS Annuity related business needs/issues.• Working as Sr.Business Analyst for Contracts/Renewals for Software and other products/services. Sr. Business Systems Analyst/Agile Product Owner Company Name Accenture Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Project: Multi-National High Tech CompanyProject Duration: December 2015 - August 2016Responsibilities: • Delivered requirements, User Stories, functional design specifications, to deploy a new partner program on new application to provide incentives to partners for their influence in Sales and Renewals/Upgrades of Software products including premise, subscriptions and cloud - SAAS.• Played the role of an Agile SME and helped the team in Agile Transformation and successfully deliver using Agile methodology. Sr. Business Systems Analyst/Lead Company Name Accenture Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area Project: Multi-National High Tech CompanyProject Duration: November 2014 - November 2015Responsibilities: • Business Analyst for multiple Partner Programs. • Also played Release Mgmt./Scrum Master Role, in addition to Business Systems Analyst role.Delivered consecutive releases successfully without any schedule slippage.• Delivered requirements, User Stories, functional design specifications, to deploy a new/enhanced features for various Sales Incentive Partner Programs i.e. Program Definition, Roll-out, Enrollment, Transaction/Criteria validation, Rebate Payout. Sr. Business Systems Analyst/Agile Product Owner/Scrum Master Company Name Accenture Dates Employed May 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Project: Multi-National High Tech CompanyProject Duration: May 2014 - October 2014Responsibilities: • Provided User Stories, requirements refinement and data analysis to resolve partner issues - integrated view of distributed list of tools, identification of relevant client contacts based on partner profile, transactional data like Deals/Opportunities etc. and enable collaboration through multiple channels, localization/multilingual implementation.• Managed User Stories for multiple tracks.• As a Scrum Master also managed the sprints and successfully delivered the release roadmap.• Gathered weekly statutes from all project tracks and conducted weekly status meetings. Updated executive status templates for weekly reporting. Business Systems Analyst Company Name Accenture Dates Employed Nov 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Project: Multi-National High Tech CompanyProject Duration: November 2013 - May 2014Responsibilities: • Delivered Requirements, Analysis and Functional Design for an eCommerce Application in Quote-to-Order, Capture Order area for Deal Approval, Sales Discount, Return Orders (RMA). • Maintained Use Cases in the repository. • Analyzed business rules maintained for all geographies related to Client business to reduce the number of rules and improve Deal Approval timelines.• Delivered functional design/system requirements to improve margins on Deals with by providing better guidance on applicable discounts to a Sales Account Managers in Commerce Application.• Managed Business Acceptance Test for the Return Orders (RMA).Verified that the functionality matches the Business needs/requirements. See more positions Education Pandit Ravishankar Shukla University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Electronics & Telecom Grade First Division Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Cricket, Football, Annual Fest at my college Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics & Telecom) Ramkrishna Vidya Mandir, Gwalior Degree Name Class 12th Field Of Study Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics Grade First Division Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Cricket, Football, Annual Fest Ramkrishna Vidya Mandir, Gwalior Degree Name Class 10th Field Of Study Mathematics, Science Grade First Division Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Cricket, Football, Annual Fest, Quiz Competition Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Second Harvest Food Bank of Santa Clara and San Mateo Counties Dates volunteered Aug 2016 – Aug 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief Participated as volunteer in sorting of fruits donated by farmers and then packing them in small boxes for distribution. Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 8 endorsements for Business Analysis 8 Business Analysis Gilbert Savery and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills User Stories See 1 endorsement for User Stories 1 User Stories Manish Gandhi has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Scrum See 1 endorsement for Scrum 1 Scrum Manish Gandhi has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (0) Mausami Vasha Business Analyst April 25, 2017, Nitin was a client of Mausami’s I work with Nitin on the day to day basis. His knowledge base and aptitude to learn new things are commendable. He is very focused, smart, hardworking and knows how to get his job done and deliver the best results. His biggest strength is subject matter expertise and communication skill. He is a friendly and a fun loving personality. Rahul Singh Certified Scrum Master, Product Owner, Safe Agilist, Sr Business Analyst at Cisco October 20, 2016, Nitin worked with Rahul in the same group I got a chance to work with Nitin on a Channels strategic initiative for almost a year. I was particularly impressed by his dedication, work ethics and commitment. He takes charge and full responsibility for ensuring successful end to end execution. He has a innovative mind, full of ideas and has a out of box thinking. He is excellent in multitasking and juggling multiple responsibilities. He is and will be undoubtedly an asset for any team. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nitin has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications The Data Scientist’s Toolbox by Johns Hopkins University on Coursera Salesforce.com Certified Developer (DEV401) Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP) Nitin has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Marathi Nitin has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization International Institute of Business Analysis (IIBA) Interests IIBA (International Institute of Business Analysis) 141,187 members Accenture in Canada 5,031 members Big Data, Analytics, Business Intelligence & Visualization Experts Community 232,436 members Pulse 1,535,198 followers Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,428 members Accenture Digital 50,873 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amol has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Amol Date Data Engineer II/ BI Analyst at Amazon Corporate LLC Amazon The University of Texas at Dallas - School of Management Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Data Analysis professional with a strong understanding of banking and finance concepts, currently working with Fortune 500 client, Capital One.- Solid foundation of technical database knowledge and working with large amounts of data.- Strong proficiency in analytic software such as Tableau, Teradata, Business Objects, Crystal Reports, MS Access, and Advanced MS Excel.- Customer oriented with strong communication skills with the ability to gather requirements and deliver robust reporting solutions to business customers.Specialities :Data Analytics - SQL, PL-SQL, T-SQL, Data Cleansing & PreprocessingBusiness Intelligence & Data MiningAdvanced MS Excel: Pivot Tables, V-Look Up, H-Look Up, Excel Modeling and MacrosRequirement GatheringConsultingData MigrationSDLCRelease ManagementChange ManagementIT Support Management and Batch MonitoringApplication Production Testing See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Engineer II/BI Analyst Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Sustainability, Health Safety Sustainability Security and Compliance(HS3C) Data Analyst III/Tableau Developer Consultant Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Marketing & Analytic (M&A)Project Summary: M&A project is targeted to horizontal strategy functions like pricing, valuation, credit decision, campaigns.• Created analytical reports and dashboards for business lines within Home Loans using Tableau• Migrated existing reports from current environment (BoBj, OA reports etc.) to Tableau• Automated data load processes using Unix shell scriptingTools used: Teradata V.13, Tableau, Business Objects, SAS, Unix, Shell Scripting Data/Info Analyst III Consultant Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Home Loans Data Analyst, SLQ2CQ Process Improvement TeamProject Summary: SLQ2CQ project is targeted to enhance performance of internal processes of the bank by undergoing Six-Sigma Lean methodology. It affects Reporting and Dashboard domain through translating BOBJ reports and new business metrics to Tableau reports and dashboards. FHA and GNMA sprints cater to compliance and regulatory requirements of FHA Loans and Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA) respectively.• Created analytical reports and dashboards for business lines within Home Loans using Tableau• Translated business requirements and unstructured business issues into data analytic problems and proposed solutions• Developed and managed business metrics for current and legacy portfolios using Teradata, SAS and MS Excel• Migrated existing reports from current environment (BoBj, OA reports etc.) to Tableau• Defined new business metrics and operational reports; and built scorecards which track them.• Gathered compliance, regulatory and other requirements from business and ops customers• Successfully oversaw code optimization and coding standard initiative to improve SLA performance by approximately three times• Analyzed large and complex data sets to help customers improve their efficiency through conducting quantitative and qualitative analysesTools used: Teradata V.13, Tableau, Business Objects, SAS, Unix Student Worker Company Name University of Texas at Dallas Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Richardson, Texas Student Worker at Financial Services, University of Texas at Dallas• Trained to help students who come to the Bursar's Office for assistance. • Duties will include cashiering responsibilities, answering students questions regarding their account, and filing. Support & Release Analyst Company Name BNP Paribas Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Mumbai Area, India and London, United Kingdom Profit & Loss, Application Production Support, CIB TPS P&L-V&RC-Finance Support, Capital Markets Transversal ITProject Summary: P&L APS team in Corporate and Investment Banking domain caters to business critical global applications like Profit and Loss(PLATO), Exchange Layer(ELA) and Valuation and Risk Control (V&RC) for Fixed Income métier following the ‘Follow the Sun’ approach based on ITIL Framework.• Handled large volume of data from over 15 business source systems, mainly MUREX and FXO and 3 global business regions comprising of EU, Americas and APAC.• Proficiently investigated, analyzed and solved user queries in a timely manner and successfully implemented Service Support procedures for business critical applications by utilizing ITSM Toolset.• Led release management team and ensured the integrity of the live environment post release.• Monitored the efficiency and effectiveness of the Release management process across the organization, and make recommendations for improvement.• Planned and organized monthly schedule of production release testing and successfully executed production release deployments.• Maintained quality checks on releases and recorded those that directly or indirectly cause support Incidents.• Ensured a successful implementation providing comprehensive post production support via reporting and ad-hoc problem solving to make sure data quality requirements are met.Tools : Sybase ASE, Sybase IQ, Business Objects Universe Designer, Business Objects Web Intelligence, Informatica, PERL, See more positions Education The University of Texas at Dallas - School of Management Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Information Technology and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 University of Mumbai Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Computer Engineering Grade 61.2% Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 95 endorsements for SQL 95 SQL Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 33 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Amol’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 70 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 70 Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by Sanjeev Reddy and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Amol’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 49 endorsements for Databases 49 Databases Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Amol’s colleagues at The University of Texas at Dallas Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Amol has 25 courses 25 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Business Intelligence(Fall 2014) Advanced Database Systems Analysis of Algorithms Applied Mathematics & Statistics Business Data Warehousing(Spring 2014) Business Intelligence : Capstone Project(Spring 2014) Business Intelligence : Data Visualization & Information Provisioning(Spring 2014) Business Intelligence Software and Techniques(Fall 2013) Computer Programming with C Computer Programming with C++ Amol has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects Improvisation of Luggage Tracking System using RFID Analysis of English Premier League Season 2012-13 Capstone Project with a leading Game Developement Company : Recommender System for Game Enhancement Cloud Analytics Server : Jaspersoft BI Designing a Remote Administration Tool (RAT) Amol has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Marathi Amol has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Enactus - UTD MIS Club - UT Dallas UTD Infinity Lions Club Amol has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Interests Brooksource 83,305 followers Qualtré Inc. 2,267 followers SoftwareONE 38,494 followers Société Générale 258,719 followers Daugherty Business Solutions 15,533 followers Genpact Pharmalink 17,181 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jennifer has a account Jennifer Turner, BA, MSc, EP Business Manager - Covanta Durham York Renewable Energy L.P. Covanta McGill University Courtice, Ontario, Canada 457 457 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an environmental professional specializing in waste management, environmental assessments and socio-economic impact assessments, with experience in the public and private sectors. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Jennifer’s Articles & Activity 469 followers ONEIA Business & Policy Forum - May 17, 2016 Jennifer Turner, BA, MSc, EP on LinkedIn See all articles Why is Energy-From-Waste Slow to Catch on in the U.S.? Jennifer liked Facility Friday - Covanta Indianapolis, an Energy-from-Waste facility in Indiana, provides municipal solid waste services and steam to approximately 815,000 residents. Jennifer liked a comment Bowmanville’s Safe + Sound Manufacturing to close | DurhamRegion.com Jennifer liked See all activity Experience Business Manager - Durham York Energy Centre Company Name Covanta Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Clarington, Ontario - Oversee and manage the facility's overall service provided to the primary municipal client and secondary clients as per the Service Agreement;- Implement Covanta's business initiatives, primarily handling restructuring deals and contract modifications;- Lead local government and community relations and local media relations;- Implement facility capital improvements, waste sourcing, client construction projects and the off-take contract obligations and any permit issues affecting client services. Waste Management Consultant Company Name Golder Associates Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Whitby, ON Located in the Whitby, Ontario office, I acted as project manager, project coordinator, or technical specialist on various projects, including: Environmental Compliance (ECA) Permitting of Waste Disposal Sites; Transfer Station Design; Waste Management Master Planning; Aerobic and Anaerobic Digestion Projects; Landfill Reclamation and Re-Engineering / Design; Environmental Assessments; Requests for Quotations; and Business Development and Client Relations. Owner Company Name Focus on Learning Tutorial Services Dates Employed 1998 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 13 yrs I tutored individuals and groups in the following subjects:Grades 1-9 - All subjectsGrades 10 and 11 - All subjects excluding mathematicsGrades 12 and University - All subjects excluding mathematics, chemistry, biology, physics and accounting.Specialities: English, Social Sciences, Geography (Human and Physical) and Environmental Sciences. Waste Evaluator Company Name Ontario Ministry of the Environment Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos As a Waste Evaluator I was responsible for reviewing applications from municipalities and private companies that transport, process and store waste in Ontario. I would then amend or create a Certificate of Approval to allow the stakeholder to transport/process/store solid and liquid waste.Responsibilities:- Liaison with stakeholders, other Ministry departments and regional offices;- Address public queries regarding waste management in Ontario;- Participate in the creation of guides for applying for approval of waste disposal sites in Ontario. Stand-In Issues Manager Company Name Ontario Ministry of the Environment Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 10 mos On an occasional/as needed basis. Reporting directly to the branch directors, the Issues Manager leads the branch in issue management activities involving complex, sensitive issues within tight timelines.Responsibilities:- Thorough knowledge of the MOE hierarchy required to obtain accurate project information quickly;- A multi-disciplinary background is essential to obtain all the required data to satisfy the information request; - The ability to work professionally under duress and to keep information priviledged;- To edit documentation for content/clarity before it passes to senior levels of government. See more positions Education McGill University Degree Name M.Sc. Field Of Study Geography Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Activities and Societies: McGill Geography Graduate Student Society Awards:- Eben Hopson Fellowship in Arctic Studies- European Space Agency Aurora Student Design Travel Fellowship- Best Student Poster, American Geophysical Union Joint Assembly- AINA Grand-in-Aid (awarded twice) University of Ottawa Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Geography Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Graduated Cum Laude University of Ottawa Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study English Literature Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Graduated Cum Laude Volunteer Experience Member Company Name Rotary Club of Bowmanville Dates volunteered May 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Judge Company Name University of Ontario Institute of Technology (UOIT) 3M Competition Dates volunteered Mar 2016 – Mar 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Three Minute Thesis (3MT®) is a university-wide competition for graduate students in which participants present their research and its wider impact in three minutes or less to a panel of non-specialist judges. The challenge is to present complex research in an engaging, accessible and compelling way, using only one static slide. Featured Skills & Endorsements Environmental Impact Assessment See 22 endorsements for Environmental Impact Assessment 22 Environmental Impact Assessment Endorsed by Karl Reimer and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Jennifer’s colleagues at Golder Associates Click and drag to reorder skills Environmental Awareness See 16 endorsements for Environmental Awareness 16 Environmental Awareness Endorsed by 5 of Jennifer’s colleagues at Golder Associates Click and drag to reorder skills Environmental Consulting See 15 endorsements for Environmental Consulting 15 Environmental Consulting Endorsed by Karl Reimer and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jennifer’s colleagues at Golder Associates Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (0) Jeff Butchart Senior Program Advisor at Ontario Ministry of the Environment and Climate Change April 24, 2012, Jennifer worked with Jeff in the same group Jennifer was a very reliable employee of the branch and made herself available, despite her heavy workload, to support the branch by acting as Stand-In Issues Manager with the Ministry of the Environment. Acting as Issues Manager requires in-depth knowledge of environmental issues across a broad range of disciplines, as well as knowledge of the operating hierarchy of the Ministry of the Environment. Jennifer was excellent in this role, effectively managing contentious issues as they arose and worked effectively with senior management and the Assistant Deputy Minister's Office. Jennifer excelled managing the demands of this high-paced and demanding position, and she would be an asset to any organization. Marc Rose Power Sector Market Lead at AECOM June 7, 2011, Marc was senior to Jennifer but didn’t manage directly During the time I worked with Jennifer, she proved to be a hard working and diligent individual. She successfully managed the activities of a group of social scientists, including extensive survey research, for a large energy project in southern Ontario. Jennifer is also an effective technical writer. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jennifer has 13 courses 13 Expand courses section Courses Client Relationship Essentials Communication Basics Conflict Avoidance Contracts and Liability Expert Witness Golder 101 Golder Project Management Fundamentals H&S Mod 1: Health & Safety Basics H&S Mod 2: Hazard Assessment & Control Project Management Fundamentals Jennifer has 7 organizations 7 Expand organizations section Organizations Greater Oshawa Chamber of Commerce Clarington Board of Trade Ontario Environment Industry Association (ONEIA) Canadian Council for Public-Private Partnerships Ontario Waste Management Association Golder Associates Ltd. Growing Consultants Group, Greater Toronto Area Jennifer has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Environmental Professional (EP) Canadian Certified Environmental Practitioner in Training (CEPIT) Provisional Member Jennifer has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Interests Environmental Professionals (EP) - Canada 13,471 members Plenary Group 5,286 followers Waste Management 76,234 followers Durham Partners in Project Green 30 members McGill University 215,915 followers University of Ottawa 131,105 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hao has a account Hao Wu Senior SAS Database Developer at Sun Life Financial Sun Life Financial University of Waterloo Toronto, Canada Area 317 317 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • 8 years’ experience on data analysis, data integration, modeling; Strong background in marketing, business development, project development and management • Proficient with campaign analysis, campaign list generation,campaign reporting, segmentation analysis• Proficient with business analysis, system design, implementation, testing and system project management, fully understand SDLC.• Skilled on predication model and statistical analysis, logistic regression, knowledge on machines learning.• Experience on business process, KPI tracking data validation/Reconciliation/Audit and data manipulation• Strong working knowledge of using SAS/STAT and SAS GRAPH. Proficient in creating, debugging and testing complex reusable macros using SAS/MACRO facility with long term big project design, develop, implement and management experiences.• Proficient on D3.js dynamic Data visualization design and Python (Numpy, Pandas, matplotlib, Seaborn, Scikit-Learn,) language • Advanced level Excel (V-lookup, Pivot tables and complex statistical functions) with in Marco• Familiar with big data technology: Pig, Hive, SAS/Hadoop• Expert on web front end technology, JavaScript HTML5/CSS3 related web technologies. • Certified SAS Statistical Business Analyst Using SAS 9: Regression and Modeling • Certified SAS BASE and ADVANCED programmer• Microsoft Certified Technical Specialist (MCTS) : Microsoft SQL Server 2008, Implementation and Maintenance• Good communication and interpersonal skills with ability to work independently as well as in a team environment. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Analyst/Senior SAS Developer Company Name Sun Life Financial Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area • Reponses for implement design and integrate Website Digital Benefit Assistant campaign fulfillment measurement system. Conduct analyses that identify/assess business opportunities and address key business challenges.• Fully response for design, implement, integration and management Sun Life Automatic Sale Tracking system• Response to integrate campaigns, call center, mobile log, web log and customers’ assets transaction data, and design, develop and implement performance metrics to support campaign measurement, analysis, and reporting and measure effectiveness of predictive modeling efforts• Deepen the organization's understanding of customer level data and provide expert guidance on leverage data to provide actionable business insight. Clearly answer business questions related to cross-selling, up-selling, life stage purchase patterns, etc.• Working collaboratively with various business units and IT teams design, implement, maintain and continuously improve a large and complex analytical SAS data repository, providing expert guidance on developing the structure and processes to build a SAS data repository.• Manage and execute on business data requests ensuring requests are aligned to business priorities and the request fulfillment meets the business needs, including support for campaign target list generation, analyses, measurement and reporting.• As one of the organization’s top data experts ensure data is appropriately interpreted and applied to business problems, including helping to develop and align customer analytics data capabilities with Enterprise Analytics initiative roadmap. Senior Database Marketing Analyst Company Name Rogers Communications Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area • Key resource for marketing campaigns’ lists extraction, data validation, scrubbing, scenario analyses and data flows to support background processes and promo codes management for both proactive and reactive channels. Responsible for all areas of the campaign list extraction, production and reporting/analysis.• Leads the development of policies, procedures, methodologies, standards, and guidelines pertaining to database including database backup and recovery, data integrity, and analytical file design. Act as a key liaison between various Marketing units and their managers to make recommendations based on in-depth CRM campaign analysis.• Take part in managing multiple marketing campaigns; provide leadership with stakeholders’ campaign processes and adherence to timelines in campaign delivery as well as in evaluating the industry KPI’s in the different business units.• Lead database management team on customer database insight analysis, campaign performance, customer segmentation analysis, response to lead and manage enterprise projects campaign database • Training team members SAS advanced programming , modeling and Excel/Access VBA programming• Develop marketing forecasting models to support the development of marketing strategy• Design, develop, validate, implement, and document marketing/forecasting models and model results.• Monitor model effectiveness and identify opportunities to improve model performance. Consultant Company Name Rogers Communications Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location One mount place • Liaise with business campaign management team, wireless, cable and media campaign management teams, and other stakeholders across the organization in order to design marketing campaign/research requirements for campaign extractions or reporting, and as well as manage expectations around delivery of campaigns , pre/post – campaign report and customers researches.• Reponses for manipulate large dataset for all SBM (Small Business Marketing) marketing campaign projects• Provide pre/post - statistical campaign analysis report to estimate campaign performance.• Create logistical regression model for wireless/cable campaign to improve campaign efficiency • Generate campaign lists from different OS environments (Oracle, SAS, SQL Server)• Support ad hoc analysis, acquisition campaign, retention campaigns, win back, cross sell campaigns and special geo-mapping campaigns for both wireless and cable department though direct mailing, email mailing and other campaign channels;• Research and analysis marketing database to provide relative statistical information and customers insight analysis;• Work closely with modeling team implement relative acquisition and regression modeling and score existing and non-existing business customers;• Assist Managers with ongoing projects, communication and participate at across – function meeting.• Create methodology and algorithms to replace Melissa Data tools; • Work closely with other team members evaluate coding accuracy and implement complex Macro procedures to improve all projects processing time and working performance; Marketing Analyst Company Name RockHippo Productions Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Richmond Hill, On * Fully response for managing marketing department database * Reponses for business request, data collective, data validation and reconciliation, data manipulate and data analysis. * Using SAS EG to monitor internal data, develop standardized methodologies and reports to measure campaign results across customer segments: demographic, geographic, usage of services and point payment information. * analysis internal transactions and payment channel distributor’s price point strategy feedback data to measure and improve payment channel strategy * Provide relative Drill down / Drill up and html, pdf reports to manager team improvements current marketing strategy and assist with the planning, coordination and execution of global advertising campaigns * Research and procure appropriate advertising channels for game promotion and generate players statistical report geographic players’ behavior report; * Make recommendations for strategy improvement * Liaising with members of Creative, Technical, Game Master and Accounting Departments * Build, execute and track multi-faceted marketing campaigns (advertising, email marketing, social networking) Education University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelor of Honour Mathematic Field Of Study Business Administration - System Management Option (Information Technology Management Option) Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements SAS See 39 endorsements for SAS 39 SAS Endorsed by 2 of Hao’s colleagues at Sun Life Financial Endorsed by 14 people who know SAS Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 41 endorsements for Data Analysis 41 Data Analysis Endorsed by Ava Zhang and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Hao’s colleagues at Sun Life Financial Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 24 endorsements for Analysis 24 Analysis Melloney Campbell PMP® and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Hao has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS) SAS Certified Advanced Programmer for SAS9 SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS9 SAS Certified Statistical Business Analyst Using SAS 9: Regression and Modeling Hao has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Rene Descartes Scholarship Interests University of Waterloo 172,041 followers University of Waterloo 23,214 members China Jobs, Employment & Career (Chinese Job Search) 中国招聘、求职、找工作、商机 268,996 members Chinese Overseas Talent Pool (TOP Chinese) 中国海外人才库 58,930 members Business Intelligence and Analytics Best Practices 26,979 members Data Science Central 291,509 members See all See all following
More Actions Jyoti has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Jyoti Yadav Data Analytics, Products at Facebook Facebook Carnegie Mellon University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data analyst, pursuing career in Data Management, Business Intelligence and Predictive analytics. Over 5 years of professional experience with a Master's degree in Information Management.Skills:Proficiency - Expert:Data Modeling and DesignSQL, PL-SQLExcelApplication Development, Implementation and SupportETL Proficiency - Intermediate:Java, JavaScriptOracleSSISProficiency - Novice:SSRS, SSASD3TableauHadoop, Hive QL See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analytics, Products Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Menlo Park Database Analyst Company Name Mastercard Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Design, implement, automate and maintain large scale enterprise data ETL processes.Work with senior management, technical and client teams in order to determine data requirements, business data implementation approaches, best practices for advanced data manipulation, storage and analysis strategies for Big DataEngage with clients and client teams on identifying business issues and assist in data-analysis that drive high-value decisions for businesses across various industries - Retail, Restaurants, Banks, CPGs, etc. Technology Analyst Intern Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Jersey City, NJ Designed and implemented reports for Front Office traders using test driven development and agile methodologies.Built and configured global reconciliations on FiServ’s reconciliations package Frontier.Built project estimates by assessing risks, resource dependencies and budget appraisement for Latin American Banks. Team Anchor; Standard Bank, South Africa Company Name Infosys Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa • Anchored the Customer Relationship Management team from client’s location in South Africa.• Supported product implementation and requirement gathering and elicitation; coordinated across teams in India, Namibia and South Africa.• Facilitated System Integration Testing (SIT) and User Acceptance Testing (UAT) phase at customer’s location. Module Lead; Standard Bank, South Africa Company Name Infosys Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Pune Area, India • Handled resource planning and effort estimation activities; mentored new team members on application architecture.• Improved configuration control for project artifacts as part of process improvement; assisted through Configuration Management audits. See more positions Education Carnegie Mellon University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Management Information Systems, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Army Institute of Technology, Pune University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 1 endorsement for Data Analysis 1 Data Analysis Endorsed by Akash Mukherjee, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 27 endorsements for SQL 27 SQL Endorsed by Pritish Karanjkar and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Jyoti’s colleagues at Infosys Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 1 endorsement for Business Intelligence 1 Business Intelligence Akash Mukherjee has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests ZXFactory 1,486 followers InfoSys Ltd. 11,973 followers Facebook 1,533,622 followers Leadership & Management 24,848,443 followers Carnegie Mellon Football Alumni 334 members Carnegie Mellon University 126,405 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amol has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Amol Date Data Engineer II/ BI Analyst at Amazon Corporate LLC Amazon The University of Texas at Dallas - School of Management Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Data Analysis professional with a strong understanding of banking and finance concepts, currently working with Fortune 500 client, Capital One.- Solid foundation of technical database knowledge and working with large amounts of data.- Strong proficiency in analytic software such as Tableau, Teradata, Business Objects, Crystal Reports, MS Access, and Advanced MS Excel.- Customer oriented with strong communication skills with the ability to gather requirements and deliver robust reporting solutions to business customers.Specialities :Data Analytics - SQL, PL-SQL, T-SQL, Data Cleansing & PreprocessingBusiness Intelligence & Data MiningAdvanced MS Excel: Pivot Tables, V-Look Up, H-Look Up, Excel Modeling and MacrosRequirement GatheringConsultingData MigrationSDLCRelease ManagementChange ManagementIT Support Management and Batch MonitoringApplication Production Testing See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Engineer II/BI Analyst Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Sustainability, Health Safety Sustainability Security and Compliance(HS3C) Data Analyst III/Tableau Developer Consultant Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Marketing & Analytic (M&A)Project Summary: M&A project is targeted to horizontal strategy functions like pricing, valuation, credit decision, campaigns.• Created analytical reports and dashboards for business lines within Home Loans using Tableau• Migrated existing reports from current environment (BoBj, OA reports etc.) to Tableau• Automated data load processes using Unix shell scriptingTools used: Teradata V.13, Tableau, Business Objects, SAS, Unix, Shell Scripting Data/Info Analyst III Consultant Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Home Loans Data Analyst, SLQ2CQ Process Improvement TeamProject Summary: SLQ2CQ project is targeted to enhance performance of internal processes of the bank by undergoing Six-Sigma Lean methodology. It affects Reporting and Dashboard domain through translating BOBJ reports and new business metrics to Tableau reports and dashboards. FHA and GNMA sprints cater to compliance and regulatory requirements of FHA Loans and Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA) respectively.• Created analytical reports and dashboards for business lines within Home Loans using Tableau• Translated business requirements and unstructured business issues into data analytic problems and proposed solutions• Developed and managed business metrics for current and legacy portfolios using Teradata, SAS and MS Excel• Migrated existing reports from current environment (BoBj, OA reports etc.) to Tableau• Defined new business metrics and operational reports; and built scorecards which track them.• Gathered compliance, regulatory and other requirements from business and ops customers• Successfully oversaw code optimization and coding standard initiative to improve SLA performance by approximately three times• Analyzed large and complex data sets to help customers improve their efficiency through conducting quantitative and qualitative analysesTools used: Teradata V.13, Tableau, Business Objects, SAS, Unix Student Worker Company Name University of Texas at Dallas Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Richardson, Texas Student Worker at Financial Services, University of Texas at Dallas• Trained to help students who come to the Bursar's Office for assistance. • Duties will include cashiering responsibilities, answering students questions regarding their account, and filing. Support & Release Analyst Company Name BNP Paribas Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Mumbai Area, India and London, United Kingdom Profit & Loss, Application Production Support, CIB TPS P&L-V&RC-Finance Support, Capital Markets Transversal ITProject Summary: P&L APS team in Corporate and Investment Banking domain caters to business critical global applications like Profit and Loss(PLATO), Exchange Layer(ELA) and Valuation and Risk Control (V&RC) for Fixed Income métier following the ‘Follow the Sun’ approach based on ITIL Framework.• Handled large volume of data from over 15 business source systems, mainly MUREX and FXO and 3 global business regions comprising of EU, Americas and APAC.• Proficiently investigated, analyzed and solved user queries in a timely manner and successfully implemented Service Support procedures for business critical applications by utilizing ITSM Toolset.• Led release management team and ensured the integrity of the live environment post release.• Monitored the efficiency and effectiveness of the Release management process across the organization, and make recommendations for improvement.• Planned and organized monthly schedule of production release testing and successfully executed production release deployments.• Maintained quality checks on releases and recorded those that directly or indirectly cause support Incidents.• Ensured a successful implementation providing comprehensive post production support via reporting and ad-hoc problem solving to make sure data quality requirements are met.Tools : Sybase ASE, Sybase IQ, Business Objects Universe Designer, Business Objects Web Intelligence, Informatica, PERL, See more positions Education The University of Texas at Dallas - School of Management Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Information Technology and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 University of Mumbai Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Computer Engineering Grade 61.2% Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 95 endorsements for SQL 95 SQL Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 33 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Amol’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 70 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 70 Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by Sanjeev Reddy and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Amol’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 49 endorsements for Databases 49 Databases Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Amol’s colleagues at The University of Texas at Dallas Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Amol has 25 courses 25 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Business Intelligence(Fall 2014) Advanced Database Systems Analysis of Algorithms Applied Mathematics & Statistics Business Data Warehousing(Spring 2014) Business Intelligence : Capstone Project(Spring 2014) Business Intelligence : Data Visualization & Information Provisioning(Spring 2014) Business Intelligence Software and Techniques(Fall 2013) Computer Programming with C Computer Programming with C++ Amol has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects Improvisation of Luggage Tracking System using RFID Analysis of English Premier League Season 2012-13 Capstone Project with a leading Game Developement Company : Recommender System for Game Enhancement Cloud Analytics Server : Jaspersoft BI Designing a Remote Administration Tool (RAT) Amol has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Marathi Amol has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Enactus - UTD MIS Club - UT Dallas UTD Infinity Lions Club Amol has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Interests One Day, One Job/Internship 6,948 members Jobs for OPT || CPT || H1b 3,452 members Standard Chartered Bank 520,289 followers JLT Group 72,230 followers Epsilon 135,932 followers Business Intelligence & Analytics Professionals Group 17,204 members See all See all following
More Actions Gregory has a account Gregory Weber Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft UW Professional & Continuing Education Greater Seattle Area 295 295 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos I am a data scientist for the Microsoft Learning group. I analyze online learning behavior. Senior Data Analyst Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Senior Data Analyst Company Name Microsoft Health Solutions Group Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Lead Curriculum Coordinator Company Name EDS Dates Employed 1993 – 1999 Employment Duration 6 yrs Lead Curriculum Coordinator Company Name Electronic Data Systems Dates Employed 1993 – 1999 Employment Duration 6 yrs Education UW Professional & Continuing Education Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Business Intelligence: Techniques for Decision Making Grade Pass Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Develop the skills to manage and translate mass-information for businesses to drive effective strategic decisions. Gain an understanding of data collection techniques and principles of data analysis. Study data shaping and modeling, and learn to optimize storage solutions to align with business needs. Examine the fundamental principles of data mining. Discover best practices for data visualization, and explore how to build interactive visual solutions for diverse audiences. Oakland University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 22 endorsements for Business Intelligence 22 Business Intelligence Larry Kaye and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 13 endorsements for Analytics 13 Analytics Larry Kaye and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SharePoint See 10 endorsements for SharePoint 10 SharePoint Bob Zhao and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (5) Carla Holley PMO Administrator at The Walt Disney Company December 8, 2011, Carla reported directly to Gregory In addition to being highly skilled technically, Gregory is an amazing manager to work for. I have learned so much in working with him; he is an accessible and exceptional teacher. Bob Zhao Data Insight October 21, 2013, Gregory was a client of Bob’s Bob thoughtfully applied the solid principals of Kimball design coupled with his affinity toward a high quality enterprise solution resulting in greatly improved data integrity and architecture of our internal Microsoft data warehouse solution. Carla Holley PMO Administrator at The Walt Disney Company January 10, 2012, Gregory managed Carla directly Carla is a a self motivated, detail oriented, hard worker. In addition to her great Excel skills, she is quite innovative at problem solving and data analysis. You can count on her to get the job done and done right!! View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Gregory has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Introduction to Artificial Intelligence Interests Pulse 1,535,198 followers Microsoft 3,687,288 followers Oakland University 83,550 followers Oakland University 81,051 followers
More Actions Samuel has a account Samuel Crane Associate Director, Lead Data Scientist at Amplify Amplify City University of New York Graduate Center New York, New York 260 260 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent With Amplify, I work on learning analytics and educational data mining projects. I’m a Project Principal on the K-8 Science digital curriculum product. I’m part of a team that includes curriculum specialists at UC Berkeley and engineers at Amplify developing novel analytical approaches to measuring student achievement on technology-enchanted assessments, curriculum apps, and digital simulations using a variety of approaches including item response theory, data mining, and machine learning.I'm also an Adjunct Assistant Professor in the Biology Department at Hunter college where I teach a Masters-level class on Science education and a Visiting Scientist at the American Museum of Natural History where I maintain an office in the Invertebrate Zoology Department. My focus these days is on the next generation of science curriculum, use of technology in the classroom, and on improving educational gains in science literacy across all age groups and all abilities. I hope I’m helping kids learn and working towards improving science educational outcomes. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Associate Director, Lead Data Scientist Company Name Amplify Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Brooklyn, NY I am Associate Director of the Science curriculum product and the lead data scientist on that project. - Create and oversee strategic plans for data-driven features of the Science curriculum, including automated scoring of event data, statistical inference of student ability from tests, and integration of multiple data sources for student profiles. - Develop statistical models of student academic performance, including both selected-response test data and technology-enhanced task real-time event (clickstream) data. - Employ information retrieval and data mining systems, with applications in data structuring, machine learning, psychometrics, and learning analytics to support the adaptive learning features and other product needs of Science curriculum- Coordinate with product partners and engineering teams on design, execution, and deployment of analytics services for Science curriculum.- Train other staff in data analysis as appropriate; present results and recommendations to stakeholders. Visiting Scientist Company Name American Museum of Natural History Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Adjunct Assistant Professor Company Name Hunter College Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location New York, NY Pedagogical Content Knowledge class in Biology EducationNew Visions-Hunter MASTERS Program, Hunter MA EducationContent area: Ecology & Evolution Analytics Lead, Science Program Company Name Amplify Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Brooklyn, NY I am a Project Principal on the Science curriculum product and the lead analyst on that project. - Manage the assessment and analytics efforts of the Science curriculum product- Develop statistical models of student academic performance, including both selected-response test data and technology-enhanced task real-time event (clickstream) data. - Employ information retrieval and data mining systems, with applications in data structuring, machine learning, psychometrics, and learning analytics to support the adaptive learning features and other product needs of Science curriculum- Coordinate with product partners and engineering teams on design, execution, and deployment of analytics services for Science curriculum.- Train other staff in data analysis as appropriate; present results and recommendations to decision makers at various levels. Data Analyst Company Name Amplify Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Brooklyn, NY I do learning analytics, educational data mining, psychometrics, data management, data analysis, data visualization, curriculum design, and product development. Specifically:- Develop frameworks for modeling student achievement within curricular units.- Connect, probe, and mine databases to build datasets that facilitate data analysis on specified hypotheses.- Explore opportunities to employ new methodologies in curriculum development. - Design and development support on internal and external research efforts.- Train other staff in data analysis; present results and evidence-based recommendations to decision makers at various levels. See more positions Education City University of New York Graduate Center Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Ecology, Evolution, Systematics, and Population Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Student Representative to the Richard Gilder Graduate School Comparative Biology PhD Program Committee, Student Representative to the Ecology, Evolutionary Biology, and Behavior PhD sub-Program Committee at CUNY, Student Representative to the The Graduate Council at CUNY University of Washington Degree Name B.Sc. Field Of Study Ecology and Evolutionary Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Science See 25 endorsements for Science 25 Science Endorsed by Jacqueline Barber and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Samuel’s colleagues at Amplify Click and drag to reorder skills Genetics See 11 endorsements for Genetics 11 Genetics Endorsed by Sergios-Orestis Kolokotronis, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Samuel’s colleagues at American Museum of Natural History Click and drag to reorder skills Bioinformatics See 8 endorsements for Bioinformatics 8 Bioinformatics Endorsed by 4 of Samuel’s colleagues at American Museum of Natural History Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Samuel has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards First place, Student Competition for the President’s Prize in Systematics, Evolution, and Biodiversity Dean K. Harrison Fellowship NSF-CUNY Alliance for Graduate Education and the Professoriate (AGEP) Summer Research Award Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Fund Entomological Society of America Student and Young Professional Award NSF Graduate Teaching Fellows In K-12 Education Interests Amplify 13,007 followers Pulse 1,535,198 followers The Graduate Center, City University of New York 14,723 followers American Museum of Natural History 11,088 followers Hunter College 91,066 followers NYC Bio 1,993 members See all See all following
More Actions MEDIA AND DATA has a account MEDIA AND DATA ANALYST MEDIA ANALYST at IN THE EYES OF LOVE ORGANIZATION IN THE EYES OF LOVE ORGANIZATION Ghana 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience MEDIA ANALYST Company Name IN THE EYES OF LOVE ORGANIZATION Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,198 followers
More Actions Jackie-Lynn has a account Jackie-Lynn Soria Business Data Analyst: Data Quality Program at SAP Philippines Inc SAP Philippines Inc AMA University NCR - National Capital Region, Philippines 314 314 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Business Data Analyst: Data Quality Program Company Name SAP Philippines Inc Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Ortigas Center, Pasig City As a Data Quality Analyst, I am responsible for overseeing processes to ensure data quality is maintained for person / contact data in the core systems. I ensure accurate information to support segmentation, targeting and reporting activities. Data Analyst Company Name Misys Philippines Inc Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Makati City Contract Renewals:- Collects, Reconciles and Validates latest Contract Expiry and Recurring Revenue Data- Capture, analyze and provide Sales Teams with accurate Renewals intelligence and data which will serve as an early warning tool to kickoff sales and renewals process in appropriate timetable. - Data Analysis around all upcoming contractual term expiries and renewal opportunities for Sales using Salesforce.com (SFDC) and Coral Database.- Fill data gaps and map data through intensive research.- Updates Opportunity Fields, License Extension-Renewal Information and follows up on SFDC data to action by working closely with CAT, Billing and SOSS Team- Update and Produces Weekly Regional Renewal Analysis Report for Regional Analysts, Business Analysts, Sales Executives, Business Directors and Managers to give management insight of upcoming Renewals, analyze performance, and maximize renewal revenue and customer retention.- Coordinates and drive Regional Analysts to ensure every contract expiry event within next two years has an associated Opportunity within SFDC and tracked.- Improve data quality and process to provide high quality data for business planning and forecasting purposes. Customer & Prospect Intelligence (CAPi)- CAP DB Build Out and Quality Improvement- Intelligence gathering of account profiles, industry, line of business and current solutions of existing customers and prospect clients to help better understand its customers’ and prospective customers’ business and identify cross selling white space and new name greenfield opportunities via Online Research and customer/sales executive discussion. Senior Master Data Management Specialist, Emerson Financial Services Company Name Emerson Electric Asia Ltd ROHQ Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location Ortigas Center, Mandaluyong City o Assist in performing ETL process: Provide data owners with system requirements. Extraction of large amount of customer, sales and contacts files from different legacy sources/business unit via FTP Help analyze and validate data format for higher success rate in loading in data warehouse Communicate with data owners for data quality issues• Administration of customer related information imported from different sources (business units) including customer hierarchies, industry codes, sales, contacts, addresses and cross references via Oracle Toad, PL/SQL, Oracle forms and Excel• Importing and cleaning of customer and sales records to Global Data Warehouse from different sources.• Review sets of records identified as potential merges, research anomalies, correct data, performs merges.• Create customer, industry, and custom groupings to drive reporting at user request and implement it.• Provide access requests for GDW users• Provide ad hoc sales reports as requested by GDW users for specific reports not found in standard list of customer reports• Data administrator for Marquee and Key Accounts. Act as single point of contact; perform all data reviews, and works closely with VP of Sales, Marquee and Key account managers, directors and administrators at corporate and divisional levels to ensure accuracy of customer hierarchy and group composition. • Perform targeted clean-up and de-duplicate of addresses, customer names, and industry codes for Oracle single instance loading and cleanup.• Initiate and provide functional design specification for new and enhanced processes, procedures, and applications for continuous system improvement. • Execute testing of new projects or tasks and test documentations as requested by Austin team.• Keep postal standards documentation up-to-date based from ISO updates• Provide training to new members for certain tasks critical to GDW functions Database Associate [Global Data Warehouse] Company Name Sykes Asia Inc [Emerson Process Management] Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Ortigas Center, Pasig City Maintain accuracy and cleanliness of customer records in Global Data WarehouseResearch if the addresses are validResearch industry of every customer recordsMerges and Migrates records to lessen clutter in databaseCreates queries through oracle to pull records for different tasks - cleaning, maintaining accuracy, reportsCommunicates with clients for special requests in their accountsProvides reports of customer records and sales requested by users of Global Data Warehouse.Work also in special projects required by the client. Data Analyst Company Name Accenture Health Care Processing Inc Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Receive health care [United Health Care] application from applicants through FTPMaintain clean information of usersResearch and verify addresses through the internet.Work also on special projects required by clients Education AMA University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Peer Counselors Organization - Counseling and Student Assistance AMA Student Charity Organization - Charity and outreach AMA Integrated Mathematical Society - Math society Microsoft® Developer Network (MSDN) - Network for Microsoft Certified Professionals Microsoft Certified Professionals, Passed - March 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 12 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 12 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 5 of Jackie-Lynn’s colleagues at Emerson Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 10 endorsements for Databases 10 Databases Endorsed by 5 of Jackie-Lynn’s colleagues at Emerson Click and drag to reorder skills PL/SQL See 8 endorsements for PL/SQL 8 PL/SQL Endorsed by 3 of Jackie-Lynn’s colleagues at Emerson Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jackie-Lynn has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications MCPS: Microsoft Certified Professional Microsoft Certified Professional Jackie-Lynn has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Filipino Jackie-Lynn has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Interests Regus 149,744 followers Pulse 1,535,199 followers The Linde Group 104,070 followers AMA University 27,989 followers Cloud Sherpas 17,478 followers Emerson Process Management 143,579 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chantal has a account Chantal Huynh Technical Project Coordinator at Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 368 368 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Technical Project Coordinator Company Name Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Data Analyst Company Name Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos - Manage the addition of new data sources. Assess quality of health data used to produce mortality estimates for the Global Burden of Disease Study - Maintain existing data sources and regularly update databases - Systematically process data through multiple steps that compile raw inputs to standardized datasets using Stata and some Python- Use troubleshooting skills to analyze inconsistencies in the data and databases, then develop solutions based project knowledge and expert opinion to improve data quality- Prepare figures and tables for publications Data Analyst Company Name Puget Sound Energy Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Bellevue, WA -Reconcile data from a field audit of all power lines for OMS using SAP and Smallworld-Investigate data discrepancies and correct old information errors with new data recovered in the audit using multiple Excel spreadsheets-Run updates after each process Visual Data Analyst Trainer Company Name Google Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Seattle Area -Trained new hires to use internal tools to create spatial data-Frequently provided ad-hoc trainings for project workflows and policies that were in a state of constant flux-Developed new training curriculum for upcoming projects by restructuring training agenda and creating new resources-Developed new workflows to integrate various processes-Provided QA on data edits and feedback to improve spatial data Branch/Sales Manager Company Name Vector Marketing Dates Employed May 2008 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Seattle Area -Screened prospective applicants, interviewed, and recruited team members-Held several management positions that required maintaining daily contact with reps, closing sales, training, developing leaders, administrative duties, and leading team/key staff meetings-Developed business plans to include budget, recruiting statistics, advertising plans, sales projections, and costs-Trained team members on Cutco Cutlery product knowledge, product presentation, building rapport and closing skills-Assisted District Manager in planning campaign goals, weekly sales, and recruiting targets-Delivered weekly sales, leadership, and motivational talks at team and key staff meetings-Opened 2 branch offices in Moses Lake, WA and McMinnville, OR See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Geography, GIS Activities and Societies: Alpha Xi Delta Vice President & New Member Orientation Chair and Undergraduate Geography Club President Featured Skills & Endorsements Leadership See 31 endorsements for Leadership 31 Leadership Endorsed by Wendell Howell, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chantal’s colleagues at Puget Sound Energy Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 23 endorsements for Data Analysis 23 Data Analysis Endorsed by Michalis Avraam and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chantal’s colleagues at Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation Click and drag to reorder skills Training See 23 endorsements for Training 23 Training Endorsed by Christopher Fiorelli, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chantal’s colleagues at Puget Sound Energy Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Master of GIS for Sustainability Management 57 members Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,809 followers Amazon 2,206,336 followers Dharmesh ShahDharmesh Shah is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CTO at HubSpot 752,613 followers Microsoft 3,687,290 followers Apple 3,419,508 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ming has a account Ming Huang Data Scientist Microsoft Galvanize - Seattle, Pioneer Square Greater Seattle Area 358 358 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I have 6 plus years of experience in data science and analytics. I am currently an Instructor for the Data Science Immersive program in Galvanize’s Seattle office, where I have the pleasure of helping enthusiastic and talented individuals transition themselves into a data centric career.Before Galvanize I worked in roles where I helped businesses make data driven decisions, by providing my expertise and insights on gathering meaningful data, asking actionable questions, cleaning data, transforming data, analyzing data, modeling data, and building data tools/dashboards. I have a passion for digging through messy and often ambiguous data for some useful information, and eventually turn it into something that is useful.I am currently looking for opportunities to apply my skillset to new challenging problems, and work in amazing people and products. If you are interested in communicating with me. Please feel free to send a connect request or email me at mnghuang@gmail.com.From my time working in the industry and working as an instructor, I am familiar with the following things:● Machine Learning● Network Analysis● Statistics● Python● SQL● AWS● Apache Spark● Relational Databases● Exploratory Data Analysis See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist - 343 Industries Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Data Scientist / Associate Instructor Company Name Galvanize Inc Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater Seattle Area As the first non-PhD instructor of the Data Science Immersive program at Galvanize Seattle, my responsibilities includes:● Developing curriculum on subjects like Python, SQL, Statistics, Supervised and Unsupervised Machine Learning, NLP, Network Analysis, and Spark.● Mentoring students of varying backgrounds through the understand of technical and often difficult to understand concepts, and eventually apply their learnings to real world data and problems.● Helping students plan their capstone projects, come up with meaningful questions, design their workflow, and eventually the completion and presentation of their work. Data Science Resident Company Name Galvanize Inc Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Teaching assistant role for the Data Science Immersive Program, where I:● Guided students through the process of learning new concepts and techniques such as Python, SQL, Statistics, Supervised and Unsupervised Machine Learning, NLP, Fundamental Data Engineering, etc.● Assisted students through the process of completing their capstone projects.● Help evaluate student performances.Achievements:● As a result of my performance, I was promoted to an instructor role (see above), and became the first instructor in the Seattle Data Science Immersive program to not hold a PhD.● Won a Pineapple Award for my commitment to my role and to the students (or maybe I'm just sweet and slightly sour). Senior Data Analyst Company Name Big Fish Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Senior Data Analyst (December 2014 - July 2015)Data Analyst (June 2013 - November 2014)Core Analyst for multiple mobile games such as Fairway Solitaire, Fairway Blast, Cascade, Cooking Academy, and Dark Manor. Built automation and tools to help scale the the Analytic team. My responsibilities includes:● Working with product managers, producers, artists, designers, and engineers to ask relevant business questions and measure the health of the games.● Analyzing user interactions with gameplay mechanics, monetization opportunities, and content releases.● Investigate the reasons users churn or fail to monetize through exploratory data analysis.● Create and provide data as a tool for business users to navigate through gameplay and business metrics.● Performing AB tests to measure the effect of changes and tuning of our product.● Building ETL and reporting pipelines to automate the process of acquiring, cleaning, transforming, and using data.Achievements:● Built an automated data pipeline and reporting tool for the Data Analytic team, which made previously bi-weekly reports available daily and allowed the team to scale and dedicate time to discover new insights from data. ● Improved the rigor of AB testing conducted by the Analytic team to allow the product team to accurately evaluate the effects of their changes. Senior Data Quality and Integrity Consultant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Senior Data Quality and Integrity Consultant (September 2012 - June 2013)Data Quality and Integrity Consultant (September 2010 - August 2012)I was the primary Data Analytic specialist supporting the Audit Practice for Northwestern division. I also acted as the key Analyst for multiple data centric projects across clients from various industries. My worked involves:● Working with auditors, business intelligence specialists, product owners/managers, and statisticians to determine the business problems/concerns we're trying to resolve.● Exploring financial and operational databases from 40+ companies of various industries to determine if the data reported reflects accounting best practices, business strategies, or potential frauds.● Helping a non-profit organization to determine Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) by munging and cleaning data from various divisions, and using statistical inference to determine which metrics has the most impact on acquiring donations.● Investigating employee benefits database in a global retail company to classify those who potentially have been assigned an incorrect program as a result of transferring between different countries in an data structure that is not setup to scale or track such details. See more positions Education Galvanize - Seattle, Pioneer Square Field Of Study Data Science Immersive Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2015 University of Washington Degree Name BS Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 22 endorsements for Data Analysis 22 Data Analysis Endorsed by Crystal Humphries,PhD and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Ming’s colleagues at Galvanize Inc Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 16 endorsements for Data Mining 16 Data Mining Endorsed by 10 of Ming’s colleagues at Galvanize Inc Click and drag to reorder skills R See 5 endorsements for R 5 R Endorsed by 4 of Ming’s colleagues at Galvanize Inc Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jeff Brumley Business Intelligence Architect July 2, 2015, Jeff managed Ming directly Ming was an extremely valuable member of the Game Analytics team at Big Fish. He raised our game technically and in the quality and scalability of our deliverables. I can heartily recommend Ming as a key contributor for any analytics organization. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ming has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Ming has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Unsung Hero Award Interests University of Washington 357,818 followers Predictive Model Markup Language (PMML) for Data Science & Machine Learning 6,218 members Amazon 2,206,338 followers University of Washington 379,017 followers Microsoft 3,687,290 followers Galvanize - Boulder, West Pearl 612 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joanne has a account Joanne Carr Marketing Campaign Data Analyst Iceland Foods Bangor University Chester, United Kingdom 276 276 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent An enthusiastic, self-motivated Campaign Data Analyst with skills in SAS, Teradata SQL, SAS Campaign Manager and Teradata Aprimo. I have a wealth of experience in the Financial Services sector and Retail. With a 2:1 degree in Business Administration and a positive, enthusiastic and professional approach, I am used to handling large complex data sets, working to tight deadlines in a fast moving, demanding environment. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Joanne’s Activity 276 followers Spot anything ? Eur Ing Patrick Walsh CEng FIET MAPM Joanne liked See all activity Experience Campaign Analyst Company Name Iceland Foods Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Deeside • Manage the Campaign process from requirement gathering to Campaign Implementation• Take accountability for technical design, build, test and execution of campaign selections using SQL, Teradata TRM and Matra. • Work with stakeholders closely to provide insight into the data we hold• Maintain accurate campaign history records.• Improve campaign selection processes where necessary.• Manage suppression/data cleansing processes.• Show regular evidence of test and learn methodology.• Regular activity reviews to be carried out to determine effectiveness of Marketing campaigns and drive future planning.• Proactively contribute in strategy meetings focusing on a cohesive contact program and clearly articulate and explain complex information in a simple manner.• Manage change by involving others in decisions and keeping all parties involved in process changes.• Manage the incentive/coupon allocation process & Monitor incentive/coupon lifecycles.• Make recommendations and influence key stakeholders within the business. Digital Campaign Analyst Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Chester, United Kingdom • Management of email campaign process from creative brief, data selections, testing, approval process including proof, legal & brand through to deployment, reconciliation and performance analysis• Briefed project requirements to external vendor, secured internal funding then fully tested and implemented a data driven dynamic publishing email template within extremely tight deadlines, achieving a £750k business saving to deliver a business critical multi-branded mandatory change in terms notification to 3m customers• Reporting on campaign performance, liaising with e-commerce MI team to drive key reports• Ensuring all stakeholders are kept informed of campaign activity and all approvals are achieved and campaign are executed in a controlled compliant manner.• Expert user of 3rd party email marketing campaign manager software Teradata eCmessenger• Knowledge of HTML Junior Development Analyst (Secondment) Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Chester, United Kingdom • Deliver database technical solutions within the tactical stream within Data Warehouse• Use technical knowledge to deliver all stages of development life cycle including requirement, design, code, testing and implementation.• Ensure code delivered follows the code management team’s development methodology, including standards, technical documentation, testing and implementation standards.• Influence key stakeholders across the business to appropriately engage in the change to meet deadlines.• Ensure all documentation is complete and submitted for QA process. Campaign Analyst Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Location Chester, United Kingdom Use Base SAS to write code in order to select groups of people for marketing campaigns utilising the marketing databaseEnsure all data is selected accurately and is fully reviewed via user acceptance testing prior to despatchBe aware of how previous campaigns have performed and use findings to improve future campaignsLiaise with Database Projects, Data Modelling and Analysis and Data Management teams to keep abreast of changes and developmentsEnsure data selected is verified in accordance with bank policy and procedureParticipate in product team meetings to ensure the briefing process is complete and fully understood by all parties involvedLiaise with all areas of marketing to ensure that campaign activities are timely and in accordance with the mailing scheduleParticipate in targeting meetings, offering advice to optimise the performance of each campaignProvide education and support to new team members and product areasProvide assistance, support and expertise during User Acceptance Testing of new projects and software Customer Assistance Specialist Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Mar 2002 – Jan 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Chester, United Kingdom • Outbound collections on 5 and 30 day delinquent accounts• Trace specialist – tracking down new address details for delinquent goneaway accounts• Support month end charge off process See more positions Education Bangor University Degree Name Business & Social Administration Field Of Study Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support Services Grade 2:1 (Hons) Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Studied Business & Social Admnistration Featured Skills & Endorsements CRM See 11 endorsements for CRM 11 CRM Lewis Tandy and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 6 endorsements for Analysis 6 Analysis RONNIE BAGDONAVICIUS and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 6 endorsements for SAS 6 SAS David Blake and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests HSBC 1,010,223 followers Sky Business Centres 128 followers Banking Careers 625,250 members Intilery.com 214 followers MBNA 3,513 followers Bank of America 793,053 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bhagyashri has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Bhagyashri Pathak Data Analyst at Jai Medical Systems MCO Ltd. Jai Medical Systems Managed Care Organization, Inc. University of Maryland College Park Baltimore, Maryland Area 266 266 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Jai Medical Systems Managed Care Organization, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Baltimore, Maryland Area - Developed and implemented data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality.- Identified, analyzed and interpreted trends and patterns in complex data sets and built databases to use these data sets using MS Access and MS Excel.- Generated and published various reports for different departments using SSIS(SQL Server Integration Service) and SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Service). - Filed 837P electronic forms for claims processing and analyzed claim data to understand provider utilization.- Automated critical manual processes and reports in MS Access and SQL to increase accuracy and reduce report generation times by 60%.- Assisted in implementing ICD-10 code system to all the reports and databases.- Partnered with clients and third party vendors to improve and manage data integration.- Updated process documents and administered trainings for internal staff. Research Assistant Company Name University of Maryland Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Department and Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology Developing Bambus-3 (Genome Sequence Scaffolding Program) under the guidance of Prof. Mihai Pop. BioTrust intern Company Name Genetic Alliance Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area - Member of the Biotrust - translational and clinical research group. - Conducted a detailed data analysis of Sickle cell patient survey data in MS excel using pivot tables, linked worksheets, graphing to determine issues in the current treatment. Prescribed improved treatment methods and eliminated redundant processes. Managed the balance between risks and issues and drafted a report on how the treatment can be facilitated.- Successfully designed and developed disease specific surveys for collection, tracking and analyzing patient data and assessment of treatment effectiveness using REDCap (Research Electronic Data Capture).- Assisted with the preparation of documents and presentation materials using MS office suite (Excel, Word, PowerPoint)- Expanded 'disease info search database' by creating more than 100 disease descriptions- Independently drafted a section in a book,” Health information for HIM professionals” to update HIM professionals with genetic information and related issues and policies including HIPAA act, Affordable Care Act.- Conducted and led a group discussion on ethical and policy issues in genetic testing. Math Mentor Company Name America Reads America Counts Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location College Park,Maryland - Math Mentor with the America Reads * America Counts program - Helped students in developing their understanding of difficult mathematical concepts in an active, hands-on way and provided guidance with daily assignments Education University of Maryland College Park Degree Name Master of Engineering (MEng) Field Of Study Bioengineering and Biomedical Engineering Grade 3.5 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Activities and Societies: - Studied Biochemistry, Biophotonic Imaging, Cardiovascular Engineering, Engineering Design, Tissue Engineering D.J.Sanghvi College of Engineering Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Bioengineering and Biomedical Engineering Grade 3.6 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Volunteer, Beat 2012, Biomedical Department technical festival at DJSCE, 2012 Event Head, Robotic Event “Avatar”, Pulse 2010, Annual Technical Festival at DJSCE, 2010 Member of D.J.Sanghvi College of Engineering Alumni group, India, 2013- present Volunteer Experience Children Carnival Volunteer Company Name University of Maryland Children's Hospital Dates volunteered 2014 – 2014 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Children Volunteer-Biomedical Engineering Department Technical Festival Company Name D.J.Sanghvi College of Engineering Dates volunteered 2012 – 2012 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Science and Technology Featured Skills & Endorsements Biomedical Engineering See 23 endorsements for Biomedical Engineering 23 Biomedical Engineering Sudarshan Surana and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 17 endorsements for Matlab 17 Matlab Endorsed by Samir Katte and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 15 endorsements for Data Analysis 15 Data Analysis Endorsed by Hari Batavia, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Bhagyashri’s colleagues at Jai Medical Systems Managed Care Organization, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Bhagyashri has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Analyzing and Visualizing Data with Power BI R Programming The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Certified SAS Base Programmer online course Microsoft Excel- Excel 2013 PC course MySQL Database for beginners Bhagyashri has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Basic course in Japanese Langauge Biomedical Engineering Web Designing Workshop Workshop on Stethoscope Making Bhagyashri has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects DESIGNING OF CORONARY ARTERY STENT USING PTC CREO 3 Hand Gesture Recognition Database Management Microcontroller based Real Time Clock Bhagyashri has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English,Hindi,Marathi,Japanese Bhagyashri has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication FDA’s Framework for Regulatory Oversight of LDTs Interests Sandata Technologies 1,737 followers Johns Hopkins Medicine 18,863 followers University of Maryland, College Park Alumni Association (Official) 35,827 members Job Openings for OPT/CPT Students - North America 78,421 members Genetic Alliance 1,735 followers Mount Sinai Health System 54,829 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kim has a account Kim Nguyen Software Engineer at Eyefinity / VSP Eyefinity / VSP San Jose State University Rancho Cordova, California 42 42 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Dedicated, results-focused Database / Business Analyst with extensive database development, project management, data analysis, and application support skills.• Strong ability to exceed project deadlines as versatile developer recognized for improving application functionality and department productivity.• Proficient in all facets of database management to support key applications and processes.• Skilled in database structure creation, T-SQL, stored procedures, views, trigger development, and delivery of critical project milestones.Dataset Analysis / Project Management / IT Department Productivity Reporting Systems / Query Development / User Training and Support / Test EnvironmentsSpecialties: SQL Server; Oracle; Access; Excel; PGP; FTP; SFTP; ADO.NET; ODBC; OLE; OLTP; IIS; MS Project, ASP; ASP.NET; JavaScript; VB, VB.NET; VBScript; CSS; XML; XSL; HTML; COM; COBOL; ActiveX; SQL; Windows 9x/NT/2000/XP/Vista; UNIX; Mac OS See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Software Engineer Company Name Eyefinity / VSP Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos Database Analyst Company Name Comverge Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos • Interact with internal / external customers at all levels to identify business specs and collect data.• Analyze data and develop ETL packages to perform data transformation utilizing SQL Server SSIS. • Responsible for data synchronization, maintain data integrity and perform customer data exchanges EDIX. • Collaborate with clients to troubleshoot and resolve issues.• Manage meetings with clients to develop IT solution. • Establish a variety of routine and adhoc reports using SSIS, SSRS, VBA, VB.NET, SQL to meet operational needs. • Create IT system test plans to support the business need. Perform system testing and coordinate User Acceptance Testing activities.• Conduct user training for new product releases.• Provide application supports and documentation. Key Achievements:• Recognitions for dedication, responsiveness and communications. Managing data integrity and quality. • Assisted in reduced operating costs by raising department productivity though creation of programs and procedures for improved business information systems, managing data integrity and reporting. • Furnished improved solutions, meeting and collaborating with customers. Programmer Analyst Company Name BenefitNation Dates Employed Jul 2001 – Jul 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Promoted from Data Analyst to design, develop, install, and document full-featured Web applications at $4B information technology and data services corporation. Collaborated with health care clients and managers to collect data and perform data transformation. Tested to ensure data accuracy, and developed reports. Provided web-based applications running over large SQL Server databases. Built website and database structures per project requirements. Created and maintained comprehensive unit test environments. Published documentation for each deployment. Conducted training in data analysis and website functionality. Key Achievements:• Raised department productivity through creation and implementation of highly efficient data management policies and procedures.• Recognized with award for accomplishments in meeting deadlines and delivering quality products.• Facilitated reduction in operating costs, counseled team members in productivity techniques.• Contributed to corporate profitability, facilitating revenue increase with on-time delivery of business-critical projects. Data Analyst Company Name BenefitNation Dates Employed Oct 1999 – Jul 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Performed data manipulation. Ensured data accuracy and timeliness. Develop reports to meet operation needs. Furnished key data integrity reporting to management. Created output routines for data cleansing and generated files for XyVision typesetting. Conducted training in data analysis and related procedures for new employees.Key Achievements:• Assisted in publishing healthcare provider directories, interacting with clients to collect data.• Facilitated productivity increase and reduction in operating costs, building templates to store codes and updating new rules for future usage. Created databases, populate data, and retrieve data using SQL.• Streamlined timing of stored procedure updates to achieve high degree of accuracy.• Converted data to various formats before creating and running scrubbing processes. Analyzed large sets of bad data, as well as related business rules. Database Manager Company Name Credit America Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Dec 1999 Employment Duration 12 mos Maintained data integrity at major financial services corporation, analyzing and incorporating into Access databases. Created applications to track internal database transaction detail, as well as for creditor data input and corporate financial information storage. Established automated data cleansing processes.Key Achievements:• Raised department productivity though creation of programs and procedures for improved data processing.• Assisted in reduced operating costs by managing data integrity and quality.• Furnished improved solutions, meeting on-site at vendor facilities and collaborating with data providers. See more positions Education San Jose State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Management Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Golden Key National Honor Society, San Jose State University Alumni Evergreen Valley College Degree Name AA Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Vietnamese Student Association Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Evergreen Valley College 9,780 followers Pulse 1,535,200 followers Evergreen Valley College 10,229 followers San Jose State University 244,163 followers San Jose State University 250,387 followers Comverge 2,050 followers
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Eldridge Senior Data Analyst and part-time Flight Instructor Western Power The University of Western Australia Perth, Australia 202 202 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Extract, Transform and Load - data conversion. Application development and support - multiple platforms.Spatial Data Analysis and ArcObject Development.Project Management and Delivery.Change Management.Specialties: SAS Enterprise Guide and Visual Analytics, Oracle, DB2, SQL, IMS/DB, CICS, COBOL, Base SAS, ISPF, JCL, GDDM, C#, SQLServer, .NET, ArcFM, ArcGIS See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name Western Power Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Perth WA Asset data management within the Enhanced Information Services Team, Data Management and Quality Area, Works Program, Networks Division. President Company Name Royal Aero Club of WA Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos President of the Royal Aero Club of WA - a non-profit club incorporated under the Associations Incorporations Act, with revenues in excess of $8m per annum. Media (1) This position has 1 media . . This media is an image Flight Instructor (part-time) Company Name Royal Aero Club of WA Dates Employed May 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Jandakot Airport, Murrayfield Airport Available for trial instructional flights, joy flights, scenic flights, aerobatics flights and training, formation training, basic flight training and charter. (On weekends only). Ph: 94170000 or www.roylaeroclubwa.com.au President Company Name Royal Federation of Aero Clubs of Australia Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Mailing Address: PO Box 164, Rutherford, NSW 2320 | Phone: (02) 4932 0200 | Email: rfaca@ozemail.com.auAustralian Business Number: 27 008 634 044 Media (1) This position has 1 media RFACA RFACA This media is an image Vice President Company Name Royal Federation of Aero Clubs of Australia Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Member of the executive committee. Media (1) This position has 1 media . . This media is an image See more positions Education The University of Western Australia Degree Name Dip Ed Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1985 The University of Western Australia Degree Name BA Field Of Study English, Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1985 Guildford Grammar School Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1977 Featured Skills & Endorsements Project Management See 14 endorsements for Project Management 14 Project Management Endorsed by Brian Beresford, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Andrew’s colleagues at Western Power Click and drag to reorder skills Software Documentation See 11 endorsements for Software Documentation 11 Software Documentation Endorsed by 4 of Andrew’s colleagues at Western Power Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 10 endorsements for Databases 10 Databases Endorsed by 4 of Andrew’s colleagues at Western Power Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Scott Watters Business Analyst at Bank of America June 16, 2010, Scott worked with Andrew in the same group Scott is a talented and dedicated colleague, and I can highly recommend him. He has a great disposition and is a pleasure to work with. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,200 followers Western Power 17,609 followers The University of Western Australia 78,143 followers The University of Western Australia 85,984 followers
More Actions Frank has a account Frank Palermo Professional Liability Program Manager at XL Group XL Catlin PLUS Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Frank’s Activity 682 followers QBE North America Appoints Marcia Blanco to Senior Vice President, Western Region Specialty Underwriting & Engagement Leader Role - QBE North America Frank liked Cyber Risk awards Frank liked Have you heard of the hottest topic in crime insurance? Frank liked See all activity Experience Commercial E&O - Underwriting Manager - Vice President Company Name XL Catlin Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 6 mos Responsibilities:- Manage $65M GWP professional lines programs portfolio (including real estate/title agents/public entities/insurance agents) - Handling all operational and technical support for existing MGA programs - Development of new product offerings and enhancements - Coordinating regulatory filings and actuarial support for rates- Teaming with claims and actuarial to set referral guidelines for operating programs- Maintaining relationships with MGAs and developing new relationships to strategically build out other profitable professional programs- Management of internal referral underwriting staff - Leveraging claim and actuarial data to continue to strategize with MGA about profitable program growth and winnowing unprofitable programs- Negotiated terms of MGA relationship for new and existing programs Senior Underwriter - Professional Liability Programs Company Name XL Group Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Responsibilities: - Reviewed and evaluated referral professional liability accounts in public entities/real estate/insurance agents books of business from MGAs based upon company referral underwriting guidelines.- Analyzed and underwrote individual accounts submitted by MGA that do not fit the admitted program guidelines- Organized corporate audits of MGA activity and claims to evaluate program profitability- Assisted MGA with marketing efforts Underwriter - Professional Liability Programs Company Name XL Group Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Jan 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos - Underwrote accounts outside of MGA authority while servicing MGA program needs for various professional lines- Progressed from operational/data collection position involving MGAs to underwriting position Senior Data Analyst Company Name XL Group Dates Employed May 2002 – Oct 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Responsibilities: - Organized data audits of external data feeds from MGA- Assisted in due diligence process as representative of Chief Administration Office to evaluate prospective MGAs and provided findings, opinions and recommendations to XL program management on operational abilities of MGAs- Maintained internal controls and external audit testing protocols to evaluate MGA programs compliance with XL guidelines- Aligned internal resources and external MGA program data sources to determine accurate financial, actuarial, claims and management data reporting. Data Analyst Company Name United National Insurance Company Dates Employed Sep 1999 – May 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Education PLUS Degree Name RPLU Field Of Study Professional Liability Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Registered Professional Liability Underwriter Designation CPCU Degree Name ARe Field Of Study Reinsurance Drexel University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Insurance See 16 endorsements for Insurance 16 Insurance Endorsed by Angelo J. Gioia and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Frank’s colleagues at XL Catlin Click and drag to reorder skills Professional Liability See 13 endorsements for Professional Liability 13 Professional Liability Endorsed by Angelo J. Gioia and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Frank’s colleagues at XL Catlin Click and drag to reorder skills Property & Casualty Insurance See 10 endorsements for Property & Casualty Insurance 10 Property & Casualty Insurance Endorsed by 2 of Frank’s colleagues at XL Catlin Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Professional Liability Underwriting Society 14,161 members Marshall Dennehey Warner Coleman & Goggin, P.C. 2,151 followers XL Catlin 52,428 followers NSM Insurance Group 3,275 followers Apogee Insurance Group, A Berkshire Hathaway Company 1,285 followers Great American Insurance Group 18,456 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew Gibbons Data Analyst at Ministry of Education of New Zealand Ministry of Education of New Zealand University of Otago Canterbury & West Coast, New Zealand 34 34 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Ministry of Education of New Zealand Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Wellington Sales and Marketing Assistant Company Name B Connect Ltd. Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Christchurch Project Administrator Company Name University of Canterbury Dates Employed May 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Christchurch New Zealand Education University of Otago Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Statistics and Zoology Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Burnside High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Report Writing See 2 endorsements for Report Writing 2 Report Writing Isaac Malpass and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word See 2 endorsements for Microsoft Word 2 Microsoft Word Isaac Malpass and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Qualitative Research See 1 endorsement for Qualitative Research 1 Qualitative Research Mark Reid has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,201 followers Ministry of Education of New Zealand 12,389 followers University of Otago 66,103 followers University of Otago 61,751 followers
More Actions Purva has a account Purva Wagh Product Marketing Manager Varian Medical Systems University of Ottawa / Université d'Ottawa San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Product Marketing Manager Company Name Varian Medical Systems Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Palo Alto, California Sr. SAP Master Data Analyst Company Name Mizuho OSI Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Union City, California Senior Business Analyst Company Name VMware Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Palo Alto, California  Lead the Master Data Management work stream of the RS2 Program at VMware Excellent understanding of master data in various business functions with a focus on Company Master, Quoting, Orders and Contracts Defined Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) related to MDM and put in place clear ownership RACI charts  Provided thought leadership around Data Governance Best Practices, influenced stakeholders, and got their buy-in for Governance Requirement Document (GRD), Policies, Standards and Business processes Identified Master Data Management (MDM), Data Governance (DG) and Data Quality (DQ) requirements and use cases for the project and ensured those requirements were incorporated in the GRD Lead the data remediation efforts for Universal Company Master (UCM) related issues with the Operations team overseas  Helped Develop UAT test scripts for MDM integration, DG and DQ use cases Partnered with Worldwide Operations teams (AMER, EMEA and APAC GEOs) to identify and resolve system, process and data issues to ensure business alignment Sr. Data Analyst >>>> Data Quality and Support Team Lead Company Name Plexxus Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Plexxus is a shared services organization which has 11 Member Hospitals and 48 individual sites (plants) in Toronto, Ontario, Canada Plexxus represents the largest SAP implementation in healthcare in CanadaParticipated in the establishment of data management rules and governance practicesDefined, developed and implemented quality assurance practices and procedures, test plans and other QA assessmentsSME for all Master Data objects in the organization (Material Master, Vendor Master, Contracts and Purchase Info Records (PIRs))Supported Data Migration from Legacy systems using SAP tools and WinshuttleDeveloped test scenarios and test cases in Quality environment for UATSME for writing Winshuttle scripts for various teams in the departmentLead a team that resolved Data Incidents and tickets as part of the SAP Helpdesk Lab Manager / Inventory Manager Company Name University of Ottawa - Center for Advanced Research in Environmental Genomics (CAREG) Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area Gained excellent experience of the Supply Chain management in HealthcarePrepared training scenarios on the system, provided training documentationGuiding and advising graduate students, technical support staff and allied researchersWorked extensively on Excel spread sheets inputting large amounts of data and validating it. See more positions Education University of Ottawa / Université d'Ottawa Degree Name M.Sc. Field Of Study Cellular and Molecular Medicine Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Teaching assistant, Research Assistant, member of BGSA (Biology Graduate Student association)  Research for Master’s thesis at the Ottawa Health Research Institute (OHRI) Published research findings in the renowned journal “Nature” University of Oklahoma Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2003 Activities and Societies: International Student Association Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry (minor in Zoology) St. Xavier's High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements SAP R/3 See 21 endorsements for SAP R/3 21 SAP R/3 Endorsed by 4 of Purva’s colleagues at Plexxus Click and drag to reorder skills SAP See 22 endorsements for SAP 22 SAP Sudeep R P Sonawane and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Materials Management See 16 endorsements for Materials Management 16 Materials Management Endorsed by 4 of Purva’s colleagues at Plexxus Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Purva has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications A multi-assay screening approach for assessment of endocrine-active contaminants in wastewater effluent samples Loss of fish actinotrichia proteins and the fin-to-limb transition Interests The Economist 3,870,919 followers SAP SD Consultants 4,106 members Logistics & Supply Chain 2,487,971 followers University of Oklahoma 148,185 followers Deepak Chopra MD (official)Deepak Chopra MD (official) is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chopra Foundation 4,990,595 followers Elekta 25,633 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Patrick Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst, HCA at Parallon HCA DePaul University Greater Nashville Area, TN 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experience Summary:Connecting people with data and insights to solve business problems through Agile business intelligence development, data analysis, and information systems management. Technical Experience:SQL Server ManagementMicrostrategy TableuExcel ExpertVisual Studio Application DevelopmentLogical and Physical Data ModelingUML, Data Flow, Process Flow DiagramingStatistical data analysisSQL ProgrammingProcess and Operations AnalysisJIRA Administration See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ryan’s Activity 796 followers The check says $1000 because we had it printed months ago. Our WICT Southwest Chapter really raised $3800 for Make A Wish last night. It was a great event! Ryan liked #stoked to be apart of my 1st ACE with 14 of my stellar clients. Over 550 customers in all this year, & we are talking about the #futureofwork, #AI, #omnichannel, & the #nowcustomer ! #orlando #florida Brent Hazel John Cloward Andrew Kennedy Chris Harmsen Marion Dunkleberger Joe Gagnon Aspect Software Ryan liked Looking for experienced Lexus and Toyota technicians. We offer excellent benefits and the highest pay rates in the valley. Our dealership is the busiest and largest in the state of Arizona and has been growing by leaps and bounds. 70, fully air conditioned work bays with new equipment is what you have waiting for you. We need experienced technicians to keep up with our immense growth. Contact me directly if you're looking for a change or a great opportunity. Ryan liked Avoid a simple but common mistake many make when talking numbers: "THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN PERCENT AND PERCENTAGE POINT The difference between a percent and a percentage point is related to ambiguity, which is why it's important you use the correct term. If you were to say that the number of adult smokers increased by 5 percent from an original value of 20 percent, you would be saying that the current estimate of smokers is at 21 percent. If you said it increased by 5 percentage points, however, then the final value would be 25 percent." -"https://lnkd.in/dM_GSd3" Ryan shared this See all activity Experience Sr. Product Analyst, Business Intelligence, Parallon Company Name HCA Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Greater Nashville Area, TN Sr. Data Analyst, Continuous Process Improvement Company Name HCA Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Nashville, Tennessee -Built reporting and analytic tools for national Shared Services for executives and daily operations. -Completed full development lifecycles from requirements, to development, to testing, deployment and end user training.-Elicited and documented reporting and process improvement requirements from management and end users using Visio, use case analysis, and tracability matrices.-Coordinated and documented business processes for continuous process improvement initiatives --SQL Server data warehouse maintenance,governance, and documentation management.-Mined data for trends in performance and production volume, making recommendations for improvements where needed.-Presented research findings and provided consultation to executives and other management regarding reporting and process improvement. -Led continuous improvement projects to standardize operations policies across all divisions. Account Manager to division VP’s. Responsible for presenting HR Operations performance data and acting as point of contact for all HR operations process related inquiries. Data Analyst, Customer Information Marketing Company Name LifeWay Christian Resources Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Nashville, TN •Elicited requirements to build reports in Business Objects in support of various marketing and operations functions•SAS Project analysis-SQL programming for statistical analysis and reporting•Customer segmentation statistical analysis using experimental design•Analyzed market conditions, sales, and customer behavior to make recommendations for marketing initiatives and strategy.•Maintained daily, weekly, and monthly reporting for sales performance and customer survey data. •Marketing campaign planning and execution, pre and post analysis Business Analyst Company Name Servpro Industries Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Gallatin, TN • Led Canadian expansion research project to determine systems and business impact of expanding into Canada. This included: o Business process analysis and mapping for all departments o Recommendations for changes to automate impacted processes• Led requirements and testing for the job lead text notification system project. This included: o Requirements gathering through process flows and documentation o Test plan design and documentation o Acceptance and QA Stage testing • Ad-hoc ticket work for production fixes, enhancements, and customer education• Led design, development and implementation of SSRS sales scorecard project. Business Analyst Company Name Cox Communications Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Phoenix, Arizona • Database mining, report development and automation • Managed forecasting and sales trending metrics, providing recommendations for improvements in operations and sales tactics to sr. management & executives• Advanced Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, and Oracle reporting and data analysis utilizing structured query language (SQL)• Requirements gathering for database and report development• Data analysis utilizing pivot tables, vlookups, macros, and complex logic statements• SharePoint administration• Acted as liaison between corporate office and multiple markets to coordinate operations along with setting goals and establishing benchmarks• Generated daily, weekly, monthly executive sales reporting packages• Project managed vendor kiosk implementation initiative to empower vendor partners to receive cash payments and deposits from customers• Managed project to build and maintain reporting and business analytics from the ground up for a national call center sales organization• Aided in compensation analysis, marketing analysis, and financial analysis of the business• Maintained excellent client relationships by managing expectations delivering results See more positions Education DePaul University Degree Name Masters of Science , Information Systems, Business Intelligence Field Of Study (Expected Graduation, 2018) Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2018 Arizona Christian University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 34 endorsements for Analysis 34 Analysis Karen Haas and 33 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Access See 31 endorsements for Access 31 Access Braxton Johnson and 30 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 27 endorsements for Business Analysis 27 Business Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Ryan’s colleagues at Servpro Industries, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Teresa McBride Owner of Send Out Cards March 16, 2009, Teresa was senior to Ryan but didn’t manage directly Teresa is an outstanding example of a dedicated and extremely professional solutions driven manager. Her extensive experience in entrepreneurial ventures has purified her ability to target clients and streamline processes while minimizing costs. Her positive attitute resonates throughout the workplace and makes working with her straightforward and even fun. Accomplishments Ryan has 13 courses 13 Expand courses section Courses Accounting 101 Advanced Excel Database Design (entity relationship mapping) Database Programming (PL/SQL) Financial Management IT Project Management Java Programming Macroeconomics Microeconomics Organizational Behavior Interests Business Analytics - Predictive Analytics - Big Data 13,423 members Oracle 2,119,724 followers Arizona Christian University 2,788 followers Access Developers NetWork 10,363 members McKinsey & Company 1,368,616 followers Microsoft Excel Users 243,991 members See all See all following
More Actions Peg has a account Peg DiOrio, CFA Head of Quantitative Equity at Voya Investment Management Voya Investment Management Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences, NYU New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Head of Quantitative Equity- Voya Investment Management Past President - Society of Quantitative Analysts Experienced quantitative research analyst who leads research projects and manages the full development cycle across multiple asset classes. Creative thinker who combines quantitative understanding with effective communication and executive presence. Envisions and develops custom interactive applications serving numerous user needs. Consistent team player who promotes a collaborative environment. Cultivates, enhances, and maintains strong working relationships with major data vendors, academics, and professional organizations. Eloquent ambassador for the Firm.Specialties: Multivariate regression and time series analysis in areas including low volatility strategies, global equities (US, developed, and emerging markets; small and large cap), REITs, and options. Portfolio optimization to balance the risk-reward trade-off. Asset allocation and investment planning advice for high net worth individuals and institutional clients. Direct research on large datasets.President and founding member of corporate Toastmasters public speaking club. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Peg’s Articles & Activity 943 followers SQA 50th Fuzzy Day March 10 Peg DiOrio, CFA on LinkedIn See all articles Our Chairman and CEO, Rod Martin, finished up our National Day of Service with students from The Young Women's Leadership School of Astoria and the US Business Leadership Network, sharing a "day in the life" of a CEO. Peg liked Back in New York with my Friend and Mentor Barry & Dolly Segal. I am happy to call Barry my friend. Barry Segal through his Segal Family Foundation have donated millions of dollars to charities across Africa. #segalfamilyfoundation #LetsGoLiberia #MakeLiberiaABetterPlace Peg liked We're kicking off our National Day of Service! Thousands of our employees across the country are participating in more than 200 events supporting local nonprofits where they live and work. Employees from our Atlanta office are helping out at Atlanta Community Food Bank #VoyaDifference http://go.voya.com/2qnHUNs Peg liked See all activity Experience Head of Quantitative Equity Company Name Voya Investment Management Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Head of Global Quantitative Research / Portfolio Manager Company Name Voya Investment Management Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Lead a team of quantitative analysts to provide research and support across the equity platform.Portfolio Manager - Voya Natural Resources Equity Income Fund (NYSE IRR) Past President Company Name Society of Quantitative Analysts (SQA) Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos The Society of Quantitative Analysts (SQA) is a not-for-profit organization that focuses on education and communication to support members of the quantitative investment practitioner community.The SQA provides forums for the presentation of theory and practice by practitioners, academics and regulators with an emphasis on the new and controversial. The Society holds monthly meetings in New York City. Monthly meetings consist of one-hour talks on a specific topic followed by an informal drinks reception. The Society also organizes longer-format events, generally one in the fall on a topic of current interest and a "Fuzzy Day" seminar in the spring on an exploratory topic. Media (1) This position has 1 media SQA: click here for current events SQA: click here for current events This media is a link Quantitative Analyst / Portfolio Manager Company Name Voya Investment Management Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Developing, implementing, and enhancing quantitative models within the Portfolio Engineering Group.Portfolio manager - Voya Natural Resources Equity Income Fund (NYSE: IRR). Senior Quantitative Analyst, VP Company Name AllianceBernstein/Sanford C. Bernstein Dates Employed May 1996 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 15 yrs 11 mos - Led innovative research projects in support of new product development in collaboration with Product Heads. Multivariate regression and time series analysis in areas including low volatility strategies, global equities (US, developed, and emerging markets; small and large cap), REITs, and options. Envisioned and developed signals for long-only and long/short portfolios. Educated teams on outcomes and applications. - Enhanced existing models and methods. Examples: globalized REIT model and improved security beta estimate for Low Volatility Portfolio.- Constructed asset allocation and investment planning solutions for buy side portfolios and institutional and private clients. Visualized and created custom interactive tools to synthesize suggestions into compelling presentations.- Generated original alpha signal and return model ideas. Rigorously back-tested and analyzed signals.- Extensive experience working with and for Portfolio Managers. Partnered with Portfolio Managers in model design, development, and vetting stages to understand and incorporate real-life factors and improve model performance. Created bespoke interactive analysis tools.- Worked with writing teams to develop white papers and external marketing materials. Provided data and capital markets context.- Successfully managed firm-wide initiatives involving internal and external personnel. For example, reviewed data licensing to reduce costs, redundancies and inconsistencies.- Provided periodic, timely custom reports to internal and external clients. Automated all processes when possible.- Designed database tables and SQL procedures to load and analyze large datasets. Created a SQL-based, automated back-testing platform.- Produced and maintained an internal website and wiki for easy, searchable, and collaborative documentation accessible firm-wide. See more positions Education Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences, NYU Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Quantitative & Mathematical Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Master of Science in Applied Mathematics, Statistics, and Operations Research: a joint program between the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences and Stern School of Business SUNY StonyBrook Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Applied Mathematics, Statistics, & Computer Science Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 71 endorsements for Equities 71 Equities Endorsed by Erin Gibbs and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Peg’s colleagues at Society of Quantitative Analysts (SQA) Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Allocation See 47 endorsements for Asset Allocation 47 Asset Allocation Endorsed by Doug Butler and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 23 of Peg’s colleagues at AB Click and drag to reorder skills Quantitative Analytics See 40 endorsements for Quantitative Analytics 40 Quantitative Analytics Endorsed by Kingsley Jones and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Peg’s colleagues at Society of Quantitative Analysts (SQA) Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (5) Ann Larson Managing Director - Global Quantitative Research at AB Bernstein February 27, 2012, Ann worked with Peg in different groups Peg is known throughout AB as a smart, hard working, detail oriented and innovative quantitative analyst. Her excellent communication skills and way with people make working with her a pleasure as well. Jim Bulgatz Founding Partner at Quipler.com / SocialInfluen.se February 12, 2007, Peg worked with Jim in the same group Peg brings to those she works with and knows that rarest of combinations: wonderful work ethic, great intelligence, and great smiles! Stacy Johnson Schiffman Executive Recruiter at Highline Staffing Group, Director of Corporate Relations at The Hedge Fund Association September 13, 2011, Stacy worked with Peg in the same group Stacy is a true Renaissance Woman. Gregarious and detail-oriented, Stacy combines her knowledge of the financial business with personal and personnel insight. She is sharp and fun to work with. Rich Ellison, CFA Executive Director at JPMorgan Chase December 1, 2009, Peg worked with Rich in different groups Rich Ellison is a pleasure to work with and a fantastic mentor. Rich brings intelligence, enthusiasm, unbounded energy, and diligent hard work to every project he tackles. During the roughly 15 years I have worked with Rich, I have always been impressed by his willingness to take on new tasks and put in all the effort needed to learn a new side of the business, understand the tasks at hand, and get the job done. I highly recommend Rich. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Peg has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications CFA Charterholder Series 7, 63 Interests Girls Inc. of New York City 263 followers 100 Women in Finance 9,073 members Stand Up Paddle Boarding Club (SUP Club) 6,576 members Northfield International Community 820 members AllianceBernstein Alumni 2,502 members IMPACT Leadership 21 363 members See all See all following
More Actions Cevy has a account Cevy - Data Analyst -- Indonesia 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,202 followers
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew Gibbons Data Analyst at Ministry of Education of New Zealand Ministry of Education of New Zealand University of Otago Canterbury & West Coast, New Zealand 34 34 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Ministry of Education of New Zealand Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Wellington Sales and Marketing Assistant Company Name B Connect Ltd. Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Christchurch Project Administrator Company Name University of Canterbury Dates Employed May 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Christchurch New Zealand Education University of Otago Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Statistics and Zoology Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Burnside High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Report Writing See 2 endorsements for Report Writing 2 Report Writing Isaac Malpass and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word See 2 endorsements for Microsoft Word 2 Microsoft Word Isaac Malpass and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Qualitative Research See 1 endorsement for Qualitative Research 1 Qualitative Research Mark Reid has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,202 followers University of Otago 61,753 followers Ministry of Education of New Zealand 12,389 followers University of Otago 66,103 followers
More Actions Cevy has a account Cevy - Data Analyst -- Indonesia 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,202 followers
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel May Senior Technical Analyst at Sharp Action Sharp Action Swarthmore College Cambridge, Massachusetts 111 111 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Technical Analyst Company Name Sharp Action Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Lead Technical Analyst Company Name CareDash Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Quantitative Data Analyst Company Name CareDash Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos ITS Associate & Team Leader Company Name Swarthmore College Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Assisted with:• Hiring and training new and current student employees• Hardware and software issues on Mac OSX and Win XP+ operating systems • Computer imaging/reimaging • Information security & cyber security practices Additionally, gained working knowledge of administrative computing platforms and databases, and continually provided good customer service over the phone and in person. Data Analyst Intern Company Name CareDash Dates Employed May 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos See more positions Education Swarthmore College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Computer Science and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Finished coursework in seven semesters in December 2015. Skills Python Python Click and drag to reorder skills SQL SQL Click and drag to reorder skills PostgreSQL PostgreSQL Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis Data Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Daniel has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Adams Prize in Economics Eagle Scout Interests CareDash 152 followers Sharp Action 16 followers Swarthmore College 14,558 followers Pulse 1,535,202 followers Swarthmore College 15,051 followers
More Actions Patrick has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Patrick Burns Cofounder at Spruce Spruce Holdings Inc. Yale University New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Lowering costs, empowering homeowners, and enabling great customer experiences for mortgage and real estate companies.If you're a lender, broker, a homeowner or prospective homeowner - get in touch! Highlights Experience Co-Founder Company Name Spruce Holdings Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area Product Manager Company Name Betterment Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Managed multiple aspects of the core consumer experience, including growth and customer engagement.Betterment is the largest automated investment service democratizing access to fiduciary financial advice and low cost investments. Behavioral Data Analyst Company Name Betterment Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Master's student Company Name Yale University Dates Employed Aug 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 10 mos Location New Haven, CT Focused on applications of statistics in data analysis, machine learning and neural networks, and behavioral finance settings. Student Company Name University of Oxford Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Oxford, United Kingdom Bachelor's degree in physics. Focused on quantum mechanics, particle physics and energy physics including renewables and nuclear fusion. Education Yale University Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Oxford University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 8 endorsements for Statistics 8 Statistics Endorsed by 3 of Patrick’s colleagues at Betterment Click and drag to reorder skills Physics See 6 endorsements for Physics 6 Physics Endorsed by 2 of Patrick’s colleagues at Betterment Click and drag to reorder skills Numerical Analysis See 4 endorsements for Numerical Analysis 4 Numerical Analysis Paul Bennett and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Oxford 277,159 followers St Aloysius' College, Glasgow - Official Network 423 members University of Oxford 320,243 followers Yale University 153,388 followers Betterment 11,364 followers Pulse 1,535,202 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Kil Chief Data Scientist at CivitasLearning CivitasLearning Arizona State University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Building intelligent solutions to advance human wellness and happiness Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} David’s Articles 1,469 followers Health improvement optimization journey part 3 David Kil on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 2, 2014 See 1 more article Health improvement optimization journey part 2 David Kil on LinkedIn Publish dateApril 4, 2014 Experience Chief Data Scientist Company Name CivitasLearning Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Austin, Texas Area Working with a talented team to bring accurate and robust predictions for student success and actionable insights to help them stay on the right trajectories to success CEO and founder Company Name HealthMantic Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location Los Altos, CA HealthMantic is an informatics and user-engagement software-as-a-service (SaaS) platform company providing (1) consumer engagement and motivation to improve health outcomes, (2) caretakers with solutions to strengthen relationships with patients (3) help for businesses to improve their bottom line by implementing proven-ROI health solutions, and (4) medical-lifestyle informatics knowledge base along with SaaS platform-related sales and consulting.Won a 3-year NIH grant with the U. of Oregon, PeaceHealth, UNC Charlotte, and Kent State University, exploring how good health behaviors can be spread through a social network.Released 3 iOS apps focusing on mind-body health, named miboMotion, miboGame, and miboSocial. Chief Science Officer Company Name HealthCrowd Dates Employed May 2012 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location San Mateo, CA Design and implementation of a message optimization engine to maximize user response rate and health outcomes. Predictive model building with real data analysis while creating a dashboard for insight visualization and knowledge discovery. Chief Scientist Company Name SK Telecom Americas Dates Employed May 2008 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Sunnyvale, CA Ran the iWell incubation project focusing on sensor networks, social nudging, choice architecture, and cloud informatics to help consumers stay healthy. Put together a consortium of partners to develop the platform, run a clinical trial, which showed promising results, and worked with business partners on go-to-market strategies. Health informatics initiative lead Company Name Accenture Tech Labs Dates Employed Jun 2006 – May 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Palo Alto, CA Leading an initiative in predictive healthcare informatics to design and deploy an enterprise integrated health management platform leveraging SOA and Web 2.0. Worked with payers, health IT companies, and care management firms to improve their service offerings. See more positions Education Arizona State University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Management and Finance New York University - Polytechnic School of Engineering Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering and Chemistry Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 122 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by Sanjay Mathur, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of David’s colleagues at Accenture Click and drag to reorder skills Entrepreneurship See 61 endorsements for Entrepreneurship 61 Entrepreneurship Endorsed by Saeju Jeong and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of David’s colleagues at Accenture Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 59 endorsements for Data Mining 59 Data Mining Endorsed by Lanqiu Mei and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of David’s colleagues at Accenture Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (17) Tommy Dolis Technology Professional November 6, 2011, Tommy worked with David but at different companies David is a very technical professional with visions to build software products that enhance our lives and well being. I respect and appreciate his visions and approach to his work. He is a great collaborator and was a please to work with he and his teams. I highly recommend David to lead new product ventures. LaMar Vinson Experienced Sr. Recruiter at Genomic Health January 5, 2012, LaMar reported directly to David David is quite the "visionary" in the field of Health/Wellness and its role in technology. I suspect big things will come of the industry and David will have a hand its direction and sustainability of such advancements. If there are questions about technology and its application to Wellness, David is the right person to give you an answer that is honest and fruitful. I highly recommend David for this knowledge and steadfast commitment to the advancement of the wellness industry. He is extremely bright, tremendously passionate and committed. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Jaya K. Soni, Ph.D. Solutions Consulting and Partner Success at Civitas Learning May 12, 2017, David worked with Jaya K. in different groups I had a pleasure of working with Jaya on a number of customer engagements. Jaya has great empathy for customers, effectively translating complex data science ideas and algorithms in ways that our customers understand and appreciate. She's been a crucial link in helping our customers transition from insights to action to results. Further, she has been leading efforts in training our customers in the new age of IR and IE, in terms of directing them towards more intentional research that can lead to prescriptive insights, campaigns, and learnings from impact analysis. In summary, I greatly enjoyed working with Jaya. She is very passionate in education. She is highly dedicated to helping our customers improve their student success. She is well versed in complex algorithms and very effective in business translation. Finally she is a great person to work with. Deepak Colluru Entrepreneur, Product and solutions specialist March 14, 2017, David was senior to Deepak but didn’t manage directly I had a great pleasure of working with Deepak on a number of areas including product engineering, data science, and marketing/sales. Deepak has been instrumental in creating and growing our London business. He is passionate in building solutions to help students do better. His curiosity was infectious and as demonstrated with his entrepreneurial streak, he is always thinking about how to develop solutions to meet the needs of both our customers and students. In summary, it has been a great privilege working with Deepak and I greatly admire his passion, knowledge, and all-around expertise encompassing marketing, sales, engineering, and science. View 15 more recommendations View 15 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments David has 20 publications 20 Expand publications section Publications What Education Can Learn From Healthcare A deep learning approach for human behavior prediction with explanations in health social networks: social restricted Boltzmann machine (SRBM) Insight and Action Analytics: Three Case Studies to Consider Text messaging engages adolescents with type-1 diabetes in their care The Impact of an Online Social Network with Wireless Monitoring Devices on Physical Activity and Weight Loss. Socialized Gaussian Process Model for Human Behavior Prediction in a Health Social Network Impacts of social health data on predicting weight loss and engagement. Wellness User Modeling: Ambient-Intelligent Continuous Analytics and Social Nudging Value Proposition of Integrated Predictive Modeling and Knowledge Discovery in Underwriting Applications Application of Consumer Understanding Technologies to Health Risk Assessment and Management David has 14 patents 14 Expand patents section Patents System and method for processing motion-related sensor data with social mind-body games for health application Integrated production loss management Multi-player role-playing lifestyle-rewarded health game System and method for providing individually tailored health-promoting information Integrated production loss management Analysis of object structures such as benefits and provider contracts Integrated health management platform Intelligent health benefit design system Interactive and automated tissue image analysis with global training database and variable-abstraction processing in cytological specimen classification and laser capture microdissection applications Surface anomaly-detection and analysis method David has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Korean Interests University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 340,731 followers Data Science Central 291,510 members DJ PatilDJ Patil is a LinkedIn Influencer Former U.S. Chief Data Scientist; built & run product teams @ LinkedIn etc; done a bunch of security and some data too 458,650 followers The Crumple It Up Innovation Network 651 members Advanced Analytics 28,525 members Healthcare Analytics and Informatics, Healthcare Analytics, Healthcare Informatics 24,673 members See all See all following
More Actions Koji has a account Koji Ikenaga Business Analyst at Yaskawa America, Inc. Yaskawa America, Inc. Lake Forest College Greater Chicago Area 230 230 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Koji’s Activity 230 followers I’ll be speaking at two events this month. On May 8, you can find me in Los Angeles at the ASOA ASCRS Annual Congress (http://bit.ly/2qzzPmr), sharing the stage with Randy Baldwin, CareCredit VP Industry Marketing. We’ll be presenting “10 Laws You Need to ACE the Customer Experience” Attendees will learn how to improve customer service in their ophthalmology practices. Some of the specifics covered will include: how to meet different patients’ needs, building trust through specificity, and best practices for greeting customers. Attendees will walk away with clear next steps and concrete actions to improve customer service immediately at their own practice. Back home on May 11, I’ll be speaking at the Portland CXPA Luncheon (http://bit.ly/2qzAh47), along with Matthew Selbie of Opiniator, and Sherrie Austin of Maritz. The topic is ‘Showing ROI on Your CX Investment’, and we will share examples of what real clients have been able to achieve by improving the customer experience. Koji liked See all activity Experience Business Analyst Company Name Yaskawa America, Inc. Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Waukegan, IL - Company data reporting on regular basis- Annual Customer Satisfaction Survey data analysis and workshop assistance- SAP and CRM support for Sales team- Projects relating to enhancing customer system experience- Incorporating and implementing Big Data analytics to management- Support to bridge any gaps between Japan and the US subsidiary Corporate Planning Data Analyst Company Name Yaskawa America, Inc. - Drives & Motion Division Dates Employed Sep 2011 – May 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Waukegan, IL As part of the Corporate Planning team, I assist in the planning and monitoring of the mid to long-term planning process. I closely examine and analyze historical performance of the company and core target markets in order to find correlations. Regular duties consist of following various macro economic indicators, as well as compiling corporate performance and comparing them to corporate target performance indicators.I also assist in any translating work needed for presentations from Japanese to English. Accounting Intern Company Name Yaskawa America, Inc. - Drives & Motion Division Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Waukegan, IL As part of the Finance department, I assisted in the consolidation process for foreign affiliates of the American region. This included manually consolidating past income statements and balance sheets.I also spent my intern period as part of the Accounts Payable team. Daily activities consisted of invoice inputs into SAP workflow and forwarding them to respective managers for payout approval. I also participated in the Accounts Payable system upgrade project, creating manuals and performing test scenarios. Passenger Service Agent Company Name Worldwide Flight Services Dates Employed May 2008 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos I work with Japan Airlines as a passenger service agent; checking passengers in, escorting passengers, and providing lounge service.Awarded JAL Agent of the Month in April 2009. Radio Production Intern Company Name TBS Radio Dates Employed Apr 2007 – May 2007 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Tokyo, Japan As part of my high school project prior to graduation, I spent a month in Tokyo as a radio production intern for a 4.5-hr radio personality show. I worked closely with assistant directors through the process of brainstorming, planning, and building weekly projects to be aired. Education Lake Forest College Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Business, Asian Studies Grade GPA 3.60 Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 New Trier High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 9 endorsements for Microsoft Office 9 Microsoft Office Anjanette Wold and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 9 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 9 Microsoft Excel Anjanette Wold and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PowerPoint See 6 endorsements for PowerPoint 6 PowerPoint Anjanette Wold and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Koji has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Japanese Koji has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Predictive Analytics Certificate Interests Japan Airlines 16,018 followers Pulse 1,535,204 followers Data Analyst 29,939 members Industrial Automation and Process Controls Network 38,997 members Entrepreneur Magazine 93,602 members Association for Strategic Planning 21,890 members See all See all following
More Actions Lola has a account Lola Stice Agile Coach at CareFusion Becton Dickinson, CSM, CSPO, CSP, ICP-ACC, SP Becton Dickinson CareFusion UCSD Greater San Diego Area 369 369 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Building software is FUN! There is always a new challenge around the next corner. Whether using an Scrum, Agile, Kaizen/Lean or Waterfall approaches, it is focus on product value and superior team dynamics that delivers great products and services. To stay competitive in today's evolving and global markets, organizations must become adaptive and promote sustainable innovation practices. There is no replacement for human creativity and commitment!An experienced and certified Agile coach, I have been training and coaching Scrum and Agile practices at both public class venues and on-sight businesses since 2012 working with a range of organizations from start-ups to international Fortune 500 companies. I have a strong technical background bundled with change management and servant leadership experience. An active member of Scrum Alliance, ICAgile Coaching institute and Agile Alliance, I bring both technical skill and organizational practice toolkits.If you need an Agile Coach, Scrum Master, Product Owner, Business Analyst, Data Steward or integration specialist, I am a Software Technology professional who can jump in and help you achieve your business objectives.My technical experience has an emphasis on data management, processing and transformation with hands on experience in Master Data Management systems such as Markit EDM and Information Builders iWay MDM. My adaptability and technical skills have allowed me to serve in many different roles requiring project management, story mapping, deconstruction of requirement design, engineering use cases, refactoring legacy systems, mobile platforms and leading complex integration project teams as well as coordination of off-shore or remote teams. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Lola’s Articles & Activity 371 followers 1 Day Agile Scrum Workshop Austin, TX Feb 19, 2016 Lola Stice on LinkedIn See 2 more articles If you're an #agile coach, then why you do spend such little time in the coaching zone? Oh wait. It's because the well paid contract needs a "do'er" not a listener. Let's call our roles what they are. Oh wait, we can't ScrumMasters make 500 a day & agile coaches make 7-900. Oops! Lola commented I'm here at LAX, waiting for my wife to arrive from Buenos Aires. The joy I see in people's faces when they see their love ones is awesome. I heard that joy today on the phone when I called this young lady to offer her a job. You could hear the excitement in her voice when I offered her the job, then when I told her the amount she was giddy. These are the moments that I really love what I do for a living. Lola liked A great article reminding us to shift away from practices and certifications and return to the intent. Make people awesome and safe and experiment and learn by delivering value early and often. Pure stuff! Lola shared this See all activity Experience Agile Coach Program Manager Company Name Becton Dickinson CareFusion Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Train, coach and mentor Agile/Scrum adoption and maturity implementation for worldwide enterprise organization. Scrum/Agile Trainer Company Name Conscires Agile Practices Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location various US locations Part-time consulting trainer of Scrum & Agile methodology seminars in the US and Canada. Certified Product Owner, Certified Scrum Master working toward Scrum Trainer Certification. A trainer, teacher and student incorporating real world technical experience with experiential simulations.http://agile.conscires.com/. Scrum Master and System Data Analyst/Data Steward Company Name RainTree Oncology Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Del Mar, California Scrum Master for oncology data portal project using IBI Web Focus presentation dashboard. Served as Data Steward and data analyst using mastering tools from Information Builders iWay MDC within MS SQL Server Business Intelligence Data Vault architecture including IDC, data consolidation and data cleansing from many medical EMR, PMS and PDR management systems. Media (1) This position has 1 media RainTree Oncology Services RainTree Oncology Services This media is a link Project Manager Company Name FootprintsMD Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Location San Diego Consulting Project manager/Scrum Master for an exciting start-up company that has been selected as one of San Diego's 30 Cool Companies by San Diego Venture Group http://www.sdvg.org/thecool/. Debuting enterprise iOS and SaS products utilizing smart mapping technology and built on a LAMP stack and cloud-based platform. Role involves coordination of off-shore development and test teams and detailed product analysis and planning. Software Test Engineering Lead Company Name Brandes Investment Partners Dates Employed Oct 2002 – May 2013 Employment Duration 10 yrs 8 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Coordinated test teams and white box testing of multiple implementation projects integrating self built and third party integration of applications used in portfolio management and Back Office systems often managing multiple projects concurrently.• Led 3yr validation of a complex data integration of external data feeds involving many external data sources using enterprise data management platform (Markit EDM Cadis) and publish/subscribe systems (Biztalk) integrating into 3 internal systems.• Focal tester of large trade integration of Eagle Portfolio Management platform and Charles River trading system to 5 internal systems, 6 external trade vendors and coordinated efforts with contracted test sources.• Led test effort of implementation of Sharepoint intranet and associated tools.• Lead QA Engineer in large back office implementation involving 10 internal and 3rd party systems.• Contributed to building a QA team of 20 people and mentored early organizational quality processes, test environments, test data management and tool adoption.• Built internal QA Sharepoint site and structured Quality Center test cases and execution reporting to foster better test coverage transparency.• Fostered teams in adoption of Microsoft Team Foundation System from Quality Center.• Primary test resource for CRM implementation(Pivotal) and data feed integration (Markit Cadis)• Served as Scrum Master and coached internal teams on scrum adoption and facilitated all scrum retrospectives.• As Certified Product Owner, coached business analysis team on product owner methods and product visioning. See more positions Education UCSD Field Of Study IT technology Volunteer Experience Various roles Company Name Mama's Kitchen Dates volunteered Jan 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 5 yrs 5 mos Cause Health Fund raising and volunteer work at facility that produces and delivers hot meals and food pantry to home bound HIV and Cancer patients. Featured Skills & Endorsements Agile Methodologies See 56 endorsements for Agile Methodologies 56 Agile Methodologies Endorsed by Bachan Anand and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lola’s colleagues at Conscires Agile Practices Click and drag to reorder skills Scrum See 52 endorsements for Scrum 52 Scrum Endorsed by Zach Bonaker and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 18 of Lola’s colleagues at Brandes Investment Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Quality Assurance See 31 endorsements for Quality Assurance 31 Quality Assurance Endorsed by 13 of Lola’s colleagues at Brandes Investment Partners Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (18) Given (22) Bachan Anand Experienced Enterprise Agile Coach & Scrum Trainer at Conscires Agile Practices January 28, 2015, Lola worked with Bachan in the same group I have been working with Lola for the 3+ years and I find her enthusiasm in teaching Agile & Scrum very inspiring. She has been delivering trainings under the Pay it Forward platform under Conscires and she does any awesome job delivering these trainings for small to large groups. Adam Gonzales Front-End Web Developer July 5, 2013, Adam was a client of Lola’s Lola was able to teach our group which was composed of individuals with varying levels of knowledge. She was able to keep the class moving and allowed "us" to take charge when necessary. View 16 more recommendations View 16 more recommendations recommendations Harry Franz Program Manager at Children's Hospital of Orange County (CHOC) January 3, 2015, Lola reported directly to Harry Harry is one of those rare people who is a good manager as well as a good human being and mentor. His astonishing breadth of skills and experience enables him to apply a wide variety of perspectives to issues and people. Instead of falling back on a traditional command and control methods, he leads by example using his interpersonal skills and huge capacity for empathy. He trusts those that work around him will do the right thing and because of this quality, his teams care about their projects and invest in the project’s success. Harry restored my faith in good leadership and I felt that I grew to be a more patient and balanced person while working with him. It's a rare working relationship where a manager helps people grow without applying pressure or making others seem inadequate. His is a quiet strength that always has a smile and is willing to listen even if he doesn't agree. He sees potential where others fail to look. He is confident and collaborative and I envy any team that is lucky enough to have Harry onboard. I would jump at the chance of working with Harry again. Claire Magee Passionate HIT Professional December 22, 2014, Claire worked with Lola in the same group I worked with Claire while at Raintree Oncology. Claire is amazing! Aside from being a really pleasant and fun person to work with, she is a one person multipurpose team! While she was hired as a customer support representative, Claire is always is willing to take on any tasks. In addition to her normal role, she has served as a QA tester, configure and deployment of the BI portal, setup a two factor authentication system and is a crucial member of the Scrum team.Truly people like Claire are rare. She is reliable, smart, flexible, hard working and fun. It will be exciting to she what direction her career will take in the future. If you are lucky enough to get the opportunity to hire Claire, don't hesitate! View 20 more recommendations View 20 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Lola has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications The Managers Toolkit Certified Product Owner Certified Scrum Master Lola has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Chipman Award 2000 Interests Human Longevity, Inc. 6,842 followers Agile SoCal 1,661 members University of California San Diego 220,737 followers Emerge Group LLC 40 followers SoTeC - Southland Technology Conference 514 members Agile PMPs 2,963 members See all See all following
More Actions Christian has a account Christian Wagner Data Analyst at U.S. Department of Labor U.S. Department of Labor St. John's University Arlington, Virginia 305 305 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent For over Fifteen Years, I have been involved as both a research and data analyst for different industries and governmental agencies. Ready for the next chapter of my career as a Data Analyst with the US Department of Labor. Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name U.S. Department of Labor Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Research Analyst Company Name Washington Management Group/Deltek Dates Employed 2012 – 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Information Analyst Company Name The World Bank Dates Employed 2012 – 2012 Employment Duration less than a year Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Research Analyst Company Name AIR Conference Dates Employed 2003 – 2012 Employment Duration 9 yrs Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Assistant to the Deputy Administrator (Research) Company Name USDA Dates Employed 2002 – 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr Helped research and educate farmers on the options market for different commodities and states. See more positions Education St. John's University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Florida State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Cooper City High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 9 endorsements for Management 9 Management Jordy Coho and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 9 endorsements for Research 9 Research Kevin D. Nesgoda and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 7 endorsements for Data Analysis 7 Data Analysis Jason Moe and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (4) Anthony Caiazzo EPIC Radiant Analyst at Rochester Regional Health June 11, 2011, Anthony worked with Christian in different groups Christian is an absolute genius. He is one of the smartest people I have ever had the pleasure working with. His work ethic and success rate is one of a kind. He is an assert to any company that he works for. Winn Trivette II English Instructor, Spanish/Portuguese/French to English Translator, assisting companies in Bogotá to grow their profits October 20, 2009, Christian worked with Winn in the same group Christian is a very dedicated and insightful person who would be an asset to any company. His drive for success and achievement of both personal and professional goals are a testament to his determination and will - necessary elements any company can use to advance their goals in the marketplace. Brandon Allen-Santos Business Development Professional February 18, 2014, Brandon worked with Christian in the same group I had the privilege of working with Brandon for over a year. During that time I have witnessed Brandon on numerous occasions go above and beyond for his clients. In my time I have worked with Brandon, I have heard him going out of his way to make sure that his clients not only got exceptional service, but always thinking ahead on what else he could do to be of service to them. On a personal level, Brandon is a great person and a valuable team member to any organization he is with. In the end, words cannot due justice how valuable Brandon has been with the WMG/Deltek team. Frederick Deck Senior Director of Research at Aerospace Industries Association December 14, 2011, Christian reported directly to Frederick I have had the privileged of working for Derrick Deck for nearly nine years at the Airline Industrial Relations Conference (“AIR Conference”). His knowledge, attention to detail and drive in making sure that everything is correct is second to none. Working for someone that is truly is dedicated to their career inspires me to want to work harder and produce results. As such, I have become a better employee and, more importantly, grown as a person.It is regrettable that Derrick will be losing his job as a result of the merger of AIR Conference into the trade association, Airlines For America.In the end, I consider Derrick a great boss and, after all of these years, a great friend as well. I believe that he will be a strong asset that will make any company that much better by being associated with him.Christian WagnerResearch AssociateAIR Conference View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Christian has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Airline Start-Ups and Aviation Jobs 73,671 members Florida State University 236,564 followers FSU Political Science and International Affairs Alumni 2,874 members St. John's University, Queens NY 9,404 members Political Science 34,089 members DC FSU Alumni 209 members See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Wright Senior Technical Data Analyst at Microsoft Microsoft University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 387 387 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Matt’s Activity 387 followers Great advice: If you had $86,400 in your account and someone stole $10 from you, would you be upset and throw the remaining amount $86,390 away at the person who took your $10? Of course not! The same way we have 86,400 seconds each day. Don't let someone's negative 10 seconds ruin the remaining 86,390 seconds of your day. Matt liked See all activity Experience Senior Technical Data Analyst Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Global Capability Manager Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed 2014 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Redmond, WA Human Intelligence Collector - Linguist Company Name US Army Dates Employed 2003 – 2015 Employment Duration 12 yrs Data and Business Analyst Team Lead Company Name Affirma Consulting Dates Employed 2011 – 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Bellevue, WA Education University of Washington Degree Name Certificate in SQL Server Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 University of Washington Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study International Studies Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Prasad Pidaparthy Software Development Engineer in Test at Microsoft (Consulting via Infosys Ltd) November 22, 2016, Matt was a client of Prasad’s I worked with Prasad for over a year, and valued his attention to detail and business-first focus to ensure the right things were prioritized at the right time. He's a great member of the team. Rajesh Chandra Varanasi, SAFe PM / PO, MCAD Program Management | Product Management | Software / Techincal Project Management | Global Delivery Management November 22, 2016, Matt was a client of Rajesh’s I worked with Rajesh for a year in Microsoft's partner incentives, and always appreciated his dedication to delivering high-quality results and consideration of my input and his partnership in the prioritization of new features on our platform. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests University of Washington 379,017 followers Affirma Consulting 1,119 followers Microsoft 3,687,304 followers University of Washington 357,817 followers Pulse 1,535,206 followers
More Actions Sarah has a account Sarah Sun Analytics and Education TD University of Waterloo Toronto, Ontario, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am passionate about mathematics, education, and using data analytics to drive business decisions. With experience in financial services, technology, and heavy involvement in the local mathematics community, I believe that businesses can play a bigger role in education and developing our next generation of leaders. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Manager, Data Strategy, Payments Innovation Company Name TD Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Principal Data Scientist Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Senior Statistician Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Building models and using data analytics to drive business decisions at Capital One. Senior Business Analyst Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Product Marketing co-op Company Name Sybase Dates Employed May 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Provided relevant market, industry and product trends information via research, customer interactions or discussions with area experts.Assists with the development of competitive or industry presentations for use by sales and marketing.Supports product launches and events developing content to educate internal and external audiences about these new products and features. See more positions Education University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelors of Mathematics Field Of Study Mathematical Finance, Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Pure Math, Applied Math, Combinatorics and Optimization Club President Double majored in Mathematical Finance & Statistics- Heavily involved in student clubs, including co-President of the Pure Math, Applied Math, Combinatorics & Optimization Club every year- 2011 Class Valedictorian University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelor of Mathematics Field Of Study Statistics, Mathematical Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Volunteer Experience Organizer - Math Circles Toronto Company Name The Fields Institute For Research In Mathematical Sciences Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 9 mos Lead organizer for Math Circleswww.torontomathcircles.ca Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 26 endorsements for Data Analysis 26 Data Analysis Endorsed by Brad Hannigan-Daley and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sarah’s colleagues at TD Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 15 endorsements for Analysis 15 Analysis Allen Lu and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 14 endorsements for Management 14 Management Endorsed by 4 of Sarah’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sarah has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Sarah has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Fields Institute Interests LoyaltyOne 49,525 followers Robert HerjavecRobert Herjavec is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder of Herjavec Group | Shark on ABC's Shark Tank | Bestselling Author of You Don't Have to Be a Shark 1,112,224 followers University of Waterloo 172,041 followers Dig Insights 1,225 followers University of Waterloo 23,214 members Kitchener-Waterloo Marketing and Communications Group 2,196 members See all See all following
More Actions Sarah has a account Sarah Sun Analytics and Education TD University of Waterloo Toronto, Ontario, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am passionate about mathematics, education, and using data analytics to drive business decisions. With experience in financial services, technology, and heavy involvement in the local mathematics community, I believe that businesses can play a bigger role in education and developing our next generation of leaders. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Manager, Data Strategy, Payments Innovation Company Name TD Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Principal Data Scientist Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Senior Statistician Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Building models and using data analytics to drive business decisions at Capital One. Senior Business Analyst Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Product Marketing co-op Company Name Sybase Dates Employed May 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Provided relevant market, industry and product trends information via research, customer interactions or discussions with area experts.Assists with the development of competitive or industry presentations for use by sales and marketing.Supports product launches and events developing content to educate internal and external audiences about these new products and features. See more positions Education University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelors of Mathematics Field Of Study Mathematical Finance, Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Pure Math, Applied Math, Combinatorics and Optimization Club President Double majored in Mathematical Finance & Statistics- Heavily involved in student clubs, including co-President of the Pure Math, Applied Math, Combinatorics & Optimization Club every year- 2011 Class Valedictorian University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelor of Mathematics Field Of Study Statistics, Mathematical Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Volunteer Experience Organizer - Math Circles Toronto Company Name The Fields Institute For Research In Mathematical Sciences Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 9 mos Lead organizer for Math Circleswww.torontomathcircles.ca Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 26 endorsements for Data Analysis 26 Data Analysis Endorsed by Brad Hannigan-Daley and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sarah’s colleagues at TD Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 15 endorsements for Analysis 15 Analysis Allen Lu and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 14 endorsements for Management 14 Management Endorsed by 4 of Sarah’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sarah has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Sarah has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Fields Institute Interests The Institute of Mathematics and its Applications UK 12,250 members Tilastokeskus - Statistics Finland 2,040 followers Women in Payments 393 followers TD 255,649 followers Robert HerjavecRobert Herjavec is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder of Herjavec Group | Shark on ABC's Shark Tank | Bestselling Author of You Don't Have to Be a Shark 1,112,224 followers Microsoft 3,687,304 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Wright Senior Technical Data Analyst at Microsoft Microsoft University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 387 387 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Matt’s Activity 387 followers Great advice: If you had $86,400 in your account and someone stole $10 from you, would you be upset and throw the remaining amount $86,390 away at the person who took your $10? Of course not! The same way we have 86,400 seconds each day. Don't let someone's negative 10 seconds ruin the remaining 86,390 seconds of your day. Matt liked See all activity Experience Senior Technical Data Analyst Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Global Capability Manager Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed 2014 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Redmond, WA Human Intelligence Collector - Linguist Company Name US Army Dates Employed 2003 – 2015 Employment Duration 12 yrs Data and Business Analyst Team Lead Company Name Affirma Consulting Dates Employed 2011 – 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Bellevue, WA Education University of Washington Degree Name Certificate in SQL Server Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 University of Washington Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study International Studies Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Prasad Pidaparthy Software Development Engineer in Test at Microsoft (Consulting via Infosys Ltd) November 22, 2016, Matt was a client of Prasad’s I worked with Prasad for over a year, and valued his attention to detail and business-first focus to ensure the right things were prioritized at the right time. He's a great member of the team. Rajesh Chandra Varanasi, SAFe PM / PO, MCAD Program Management | Product Management | Software / Techincal Project Management | Global Delivery Management November 22, 2016, Matt was a client of Rajesh’s I worked with Rajesh for a year in Microsoft's partner incentives, and always appreciated his dedication to delivering high-quality results and consideration of my input and his partnership in the prioritization of new features on our platform. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests University of Washington 357,817 followers Affirma Consulting 1,119 followers Pulse 1,535,207 followers University of Washington 379,018 followers Microsoft 3,687,303 followers
More Actions Tan has a account Tan Say Kiat Benjamin Data Analyst at SIX Financial Information SIX Financial Information National University of Singapore Singapore 52 52 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name SIX Financial Information Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Singapore Responsible for handling reference data and corporate actions from Hong Kong Stock Exchange for a wide range of financial instruments. The Data Operations team strives to provide accurate and timely data to clients. Our role also includes managing data information queries from both the clients and other divisions of SIX Financial Information. I am also a selected participant of the Junior Development Program. Junior Development Program Company Name SIX Financial Information Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Sales Intern Company Name Frost & Sullivan Dates Employed May 2013 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Procurement Admin Company Name Health Sciences Authority Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Education National University of Singapore Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Dinner and Dance 2012 Executive Committee, Head of Logistics NUS Business School Business Club Logistics Committee, Head of Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Actions Corporate Actions No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Reference Data Reference Data No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 1 endorsement for Analysis 1 Analysis Shao Wei Tan has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests National University of Singapore 207,455 followers Frost & Sullivan 56,129 followers Pulse 1,535,208 followers Jamie DimonJamie Dimon is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 517,522 followers UBS 451,073 followers National University of Singapore 186,446 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christian has a account Christian Wagner Data Analyst at U.S. Department of Labor U.S. Department of Labor St. John's University Arlington, Virginia 305 305 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent For over Fifteen Years, I have been involved as both a research and data analyst for different industries and governmental agencies. Ready for the next chapter of my career as a Data Analyst with the US Department of Labor. Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name U.S. Department of Labor Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Research Analyst Company Name Washington Management Group/Deltek Dates Employed 2012 – 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Information Analyst Company Name The World Bank Dates Employed 2012 – 2012 Employment Duration less than a year Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Research Analyst Company Name AIR Conference Dates Employed 2003 – 2012 Employment Duration 9 yrs Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Assistant to the Deputy Administrator (Research) Company Name USDA Dates Employed 2002 – 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr Helped research and educate farmers on the options market for different commodities and states. See more positions Education St. John's University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Florida State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Cooper City High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 9 endorsements for Management 9 Management Jordy Coho and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 9 endorsements for Research 9 Research Kevin D. Nesgoda and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 7 endorsements for Data Analysis 7 Data Analysis Jason Moe and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (4) Anthony Caiazzo EPIC Radiant Analyst at Rochester Regional Health June 11, 2011, Anthony worked with Christian in different groups Christian is an absolute genius. He is one of the smartest people I have ever had the pleasure working with. His work ethic and success rate is one of a kind. He is an assert to any company that he works for. Winn Trivette II English Instructor, Spanish/Portuguese/French to English Translator, assisting companies in Bogotá to grow their profits October 20, 2009, Christian worked with Winn in the same group Christian is a very dedicated and insightful person who would be an asset to any company. His drive for success and achievement of both personal and professional goals are a testament to his determination and will - necessary elements any company can use to advance their goals in the marketplace. Brandon Allen-Santos Business Development Professional February 18, 2014, Brandon worked with Christian in the same group I had the privilege of working with Brandon for over a year. During that time I have witnessed Brandon on numerous occasions go above and beyond for his clients. In my time I have worked with Brandon, I have heard him going out of his way to make sure that his clients not only got exceptional service, but always thinking ahead on what else he could do to be of service to them. On a personal level, Brandon is a great person and a valuable team member to any organization he is with. In the end, words cannot due justice how valuable Brandon has been with the WMG/Deltek team. Frederick Deck Senior Director of Research at Aerospace Industries Association December 14, 2011, Christian reported directly to Frederick I have had the privileged of working for Derrick Deck for nearly nine years at the Airline Industrial Relations Conference (“AIR Conference”). His knowledge, attention to detail and drive in making sure that everything is correct is second to none. Working for someone that is truly is dedicated to their career inspires me to want to work harder and produce results. As such, I have become a better employee and, more importantly, grown as a person.It is regrettable that Derrick will be losing his job as a result of the merger of AIR Conference into the trade association, Airlines For America.In the end, I consider Derrick a great boss and, after all of these years, a great friend as well. I believe that he will be a strong asset that will make any company that much better by being associated with him.Christian WagnerResearch AssociateAIR Conference View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Christian has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Florida State University 236,565 followers Airline Start-Ups and Aviation Jobs 73,671 members Airlines Industry Professionals Worldwide 122,526 members Market Research Professionals 101,859 members FSU Political Science and International Affairs Alumni 2,874 members DC FSU Alumni 209 members See all See all following
More Actions Erwin has a account Erwin Rapsing Data Analyst at Globe Telecom Globe Telecom Philippines 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Globe Telecom Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Globe Telecom 61,138 followers Careers: Getting Started 4,327,391 followers Customer Experience 5,175,976 followers Automotive 2,781,489 followers Social Media 16,343,265 followers Healthcare 6,528,589 followers See all See all following
More Actions Peter has a account Peter Hunt Full Stack Web Developer | Mobile App Developer | Data Scientist DewHoney Ventures Udacity Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada 442 442 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A background in neuroscience, is focused on applying scalable solutions to everyday problems using emerging technologies. Currently, runs a small team focused on dynamic web and mobile app development for small business owners and early-stage startups. Splits time between full stack web development, mobile app development, and some machine/deep learning. Historically, has excelled working in positions in direct and retail sales, print and online marketing, data analysis, and business development roles at both startups and larger companies. 2017 Presentations:->DataSense & Microsoft Machine Learning Competition Finals: Placed 4th (March 26th)-> Data Pipelines & Distributed Computing Meetup: A Comparison of Data Architectures (Feb 23rd)-> PyLadies Meetup: Current Applications of Image Processing & Recognition in Startups (Jan 31st)-> Learn Data Science Meetup: Winning Strategies from the Data Science Bowl 2014 (Jan 26th) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Peter’s Activity 443 followers TransLink’s future may involve on-demand vehicles Peter liked See all activity Experience Co-Founder Company Name DewHoney Ventures Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Manage and run a team that does dynamic web and mobile app development. -Provides additional services including site maintenance, analytics, digital marketing, and data management Co Founder Company Name University Appliances Group Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location UBC Co founded a mini venture that acquired, stored, and eventually sold and distributed second-hand mini-fridges to university students. • Used novel and strategic purchasing methods• Ran a print and online marketing campaign that drove up market demand and our selling price• Combination produced a profitable model with high margins. Market Analyst Company Name Green Tree Recycling Systems Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Supervisor Company Name BEST BUY INC Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Field Sales Manager Company Name Vector Marketing Dates Employed May 2008 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Canada See more positions Education Udacity Degree Name Data Analyst Nanodegree Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 Completed projects using inferential statistics, Python, Jupyter Notebooks, Numpy, Pandas, SQL, MongoDB, R, D3.js, a/b testing methodology, and a variety of algorithms from scikit-learn. UBC Sauder School of Business Field Of Study Entrepreneurship and Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 The University of British Columbia Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 See more education Volunteer Experience Assistant Group Facilitator for Destination Imagination Company Name West Point Grey Academy Dates volunteered Oct 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 8 mos Cause Education Data Analyst Company Name RunForH2O (Hope International) Dates volunteered Feb 2017 – Present Volunteer duration 4 mos Cause Poverty Alleviation Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 5 endorsements for Machine Learning 5 Machine Learning Nehal Roy and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 8 endorsements for Data Analysis 8 Data Analysis Arthur Chen and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups Start-ups No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Peter has 7 certifications 7 Expand certifications section Certifications Business Metrics for Data-Driven Companies Microsoft Excel for Mac - Basic & Advanced Pivot Tables - From Novice to Ninja Big Data Hadoop Foundations Google Analytics Certification Machine Learning (In Progress) Neural Nets for Machine Learning (In Progress) Peter has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 4th Place Team - Microsoft Machine Learning Competition 3rd Place Team at Protohack EDU: UBC 2017 1st Place Overall Team - Big Data Big Impact Competition 1st Place Team for Portfolio Performance - 2014-2015 Portfolio Management Competition 2nd Overall Branch Manager Personal Sales Award Top 10 National Scholarship Winner for Sales Performance Peter has 6 projects 6 Expand projects section Projects Overview of Fraud and Fraud Management in the Online Dating Industry DataSense: Microsoft Machine Learning Census Competition (Submission) Using Animated Data Visualization to Predict Survival on the Titanic Exploratory Data Analysis on Red Wine Quality Using R DataSense: Big Data Big Impact Data Science Competition -- 1st Place Team Overall Portfolio Management Competition (UBC Finance Association) -- 1st Place Portfolio Performance Peter has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Learn SQL SQL: Analyzing Business Metrics SQL: Table Transformation Interests Stanford University 435,577 followers Numenta 2,862 followers Data Science Central 291,510 members SpaceX 271,633 followers Queen's University 139,201 followers IBM WoW 2,528 members See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Walsh Shore Base Manager at Provincial Aerospace Provincial Aerospace Dalhousie University St. John’s, Newfoundland And Labrador, Canada 289 289 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Shore Base Manager Company Name Provincial Aerospace Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location St. John's, Newfoundland Operations Manager Company Name Provincial Aerospace Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Senior Project Scientist Company Name Provincial Aerospace Dates Employed May 2012 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location St. John's, NL Senior Meteorologist Company Name AMEC Dates Employed May 2002 – May 2012 Employment Duration 10 yrs 1 mo Meteorologist Company Name World WeatherWatch Dates Employed Sep 2001 – Apr 2002 Employment Duration 8 mos Education Dalhousie University Degree Name Diploma Field Of Study Meteorology Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2000 Dalhousie University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Project Planning See 19 endorsements for Project Planning 19 Project Planning Kubat Ivana and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 18 endorsements for Data Analysis 18 Data Analysis Ian Turnbull and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 18 endorsements for Analysis 18 Analysis Vaughn Rowsell and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests PAL Aerospace 2,700 followers Dalhousie University 78,759 followers Pulse 1,535,209 followers Dalhousie University 81,382 followers
More Actions David has a account David Obenshain Scientific Data Analyst for NIH National Database for Autism Research OMNITEC Solutions, Inc. The Johns Hopkins University Washington D.C. Metro Area 91 91 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I enjoy applying my skills to solving problems, especially in fields relating to human health, and I am motivated by the idea that my contributions might help others.I have a multifaceted background that bridges across Information Technology and Scientific fields, with over 10 years of professional experience working in a scientific setting, supporting the collection, analysis, management, and reporting of scientific data for both public and private sectors. I have been responsible for the development and management of IT systems, review and summary of scientific data, project management, and business support (contracts, proposals, and hiring). I have a wide skill set in Bioinformatics with a facility for scripting languages such as Perl, as well as experience with object-oriented programming, and understanding of data structures and algorithms. I am also well versed in databases, with skills for schema development, SQL queries, stored procedures (e.g., PL/SQL), and database-backed web development. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Scientific Data Analyst Company Name OMNITEC Solutions, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Rockville, MD Supports the NIH National Database for Autism Research (NDAR, http://ndar.nih.gov).Primary objective as a bioinformatician is to manage the receipt of large omics datasets, organize and curate the data, and to surface results from the data, making them available for query in the database. Secondary objectives include supporting infrastructure development for both the database and cloud platforms.Curates information on genomic variations (single nucleotide variations, insertions/deletions, and copy number variations) from raw genomic data files related to Autism Spectrum Disorders from a variety of platforms/technologies through automated scripting designed to extract information about chromosomal features that intersect with reported variations, using public databases (i.e., NCBI, Ensembl, Uniprot, Database of Genomic Variations, UCSC Genome Browser) which are used to annotate affected regions and generate URLs linking to other bioinformatics databases/tools, allowing the visualization of gene, protein, and non-coding, and CNV regions that intersect with reported genetic variations.Develops cloud-based pipelines/infrastructure using Amazon Web Services (EC2, SQS, and S3 Storage) to parallelize the processing/storage of genomics data (primarily from NextGen technologies). Current applications include automatic validation of Omics files using standard open-source bioinformatics tools for datasets that are several terabytes in size, as well as automated processes for storing data in Amazon's Cloud. Optimizing pipielines/infractructure (e.g., use of Spot Instances) has also resulted in significant cost savings.Provides database development support, including programming PL/SQL stored procedures to accomplish specific tasks related to data curation, data quality, indexing of data with external data indexing services, and and representing relationships between data (e.g., family relationships). Research Associate & IT Manager Company Name Salamandra, LLC Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Responsible for managing regulatory submissions to the FDA. Assisted with writing and preparation of technical CTD sections submitted as part of Pre-Meeting packages, INDs, NDAs, and Orphan Drug Applications.Developed the skillset to prepare eCTD submissions within the company by training other colleagues. Developed tools to aid in the preparation of eCTD submissions.Responsible management of IT resources and problem solving. Research Assistant Company Name Salamandra, LLC Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Bethesda, MD Assisted with scientific research related to the pharmaceutical industry and preparation of technical documents for submission to the FDA. Natural Resources Technician Company Name Maryland Department of Natural Resources Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 5 mos Member of a team responsible for water quality monitoring of the Chesapeake Bay Maryland tributaries and watershed. Involved sample collection, testing, and reporting. Education The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Bioinformatics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 University of Maryland College Park Degree Name BS Field Of Study Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Regulatory Submissions See 12 endorsements for Regulatory Submissions 12 Regulatory Submissions Omar Kapur and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills FDA See 10 endorsements for FDA 10 FDA Wesley Obenshain and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Pharmaceutical Industry See 10 endorsements for Pharmaceutical Industry 10 Pharmaceutical Industry Bianca Farias, MS and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Les Johnson Executive Consultant with Real-World Experience - CMC, Operations, Logistics, Quality Systems, Finance, Due Diligence June 16, 2009, Les was senior to David but didn’t manage directly I can not recommend David highly enough. His work at Salamandra is an excellent blend of knowledge, work ethic, professionalism and personality. He bridges several areas of work including regulatory affairs, project management, information technology and business development. Not only is David skilled in all these areas, his wonderful personality helps bring those functions together and greatly improves the efficiency of our company. David has a good touch with clients and understands the importance of customer service. When I need something done inside our organization, I try very hard to get David on the task. Les JohnsonOperations and CMCSalamandra LLC Les Johnson Executive Consultant with Real-World Experience - CMC, Operations, Logistics, Quality Systems, Finance, Due Diligence July 2, 2009, Les worked with David in the same group I have only known Les a very short time, but since he has joined Salamandra he has striven to provide our clients with quality work and excellent customer service. I know Les to be very approachable, communicative, and to have a strong code of ethics. Les' varied experience has given him a broad background in the areas of quality systems & operations, and he is always looking for opportunities to help clients in these areas. In this way Les has brought a new facet to an already dynamic multidisciplinary team. Accomplishments David has 9 certifications 9 Expand certifications section Certifications Practical Machine Learning Regression Models Statistical Inference Reproducible Research Exploratory Data Analysis Getting and Cleaning Data R Programming The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Regulatory Affairs Certification (RAC) David has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Regulatory Affairs Professional Society Interests SAIC 220,050 followers University of Maryland College Park 314,481 followers University of Maryland College Park 292,795 followers BioJava 1,529 members The Regulatory eCTD and Publishing Group 3,337 members The Johns Hopkins University 149,548 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kyle has a account Kyle Shank Data Science @ CLEAResult CLEAResult Penn State University Bar Harbor, Maine 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced professional with a passion for leveraging data to solve complex problems, understand emerging trends, and drive business forward. Equally adept with people as with numbers, impeccably organized, innately curious, endlessly driven, creative, and flexible.Specialties: Applied mathematics. Statistical analysis. Data mining, manipulation, architecture, and visualization. Sentiment analysis. Computer programming and scripting (R/Python/Javascript). Agent-based modeling. Network science. Finance. Econometrics. Competitive analysis. Market and corporate intelligence. Please feel free to find me on Github (@kylescotshank) for public examples of coding and visualization work, or visit my website at https://kylescotshank.github.io See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Kyle’s Activity 763 followers Excited to announce that I just accepted an offer to join the University of Vermont Complex Systems Center as the new Outreach Director for Complex Systems. I will be moving to Burlington this January! Kyle liked How Cooperation can be Harnessed to Achieve Sustainability, a presentation Kyle liked Are you interested in Data Analytics? Calabrio's Analytics team is looking for an Intern to help out with some interesting, cutting-edge data science and machine learning projects! Message me for details or use the link below to apply! https://lnkd.in/eTeaBPP Kyle shared this See all activity Experience Data Scientist - Market Intelligence, Research, and Analytics Company Name CLEAResult Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Bar Harbor, ME I design and implement statistical algorithms and analytical models to meet a wide variety of marketing and operational needs, including customer segmentation and predictive analytics. Additionally, I am the technical lead for creating Analytics-as-a-Service tools to meet specific client needs. I utilize and blend a wide variety of proprietary, public, and private datasets to drive and promote participation in energy efficiency programs for our utiltiy clients. I produce visualizations of statistical and geospatial data for both in-house and client-facing reports, including regional, national, and international marketing campaigns and program offerings.I also provide competitive intelligence analysis and reports, including SWOT analysis. Bioinformatics Training Specialist Company Name MDI Biological Laboratory Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Bar Harbor, ME I performed statistical analyses, algorithm implementation, and various programming tasks in service to the Bioinformatics Core.I evaluated published and pre-print data for quality assurance and reproducibility.I developed The Maine INBRE Training Materials Repository, an open-source depot of analytics training materials for use by undergraduate, graduate, and professional scientic researchers. Data Analyst - Central Atlantic Region Company Name CLEAResult Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Lancaster, Pennsylvania Area I am responsible for using a variety of client data streams to drive energy efficiency projects and programs from start-up through implementation. To that end, I primarily use such data to generate scheduled and ad hoc reports and dashboards for management and stakeholders to track program-specific KPIs and to find hidden business opportunities in high-volume, high-velocity information streams. I also maintain, modify, query, and validate program and financial data in a suite of customized Microsoft Dynamics software environments, most heavily focused on Dynamics CRM and SL. Additionally, I play the role of technical lead in the integration of $30 million dollars worth of work from legacy software and business operations into the CLEAResult operating framework, along with training new employees and client stakeholders on the proper use and benefits of the Dynamics CRM ecosystem. I produce visualizations of statistical and geospatial data for both in-house and client-facing reports, including several regional and national marketing campaigns.I work with our Core Engineering team to translate project data into energy savings calculations for a variety of measurement and verification procedures.I also own the data integration and ETL process for several utility programs, including the creation of data dictionaries, integration schematics, the QA/QC process, and physical file transfer. My current long term projects include leveraging various analytical methods to design new products and services to better service low and limited income Americans, and designing scalable data cleaning algorithms to help ease the ETL process for customer targeting and segmentation.Primary technical systems: R, Python, Alteryx, Microsoft Dynamics CRM, Microsoft SL, Cognos, QGis, Zap BI Admissions Assistant Company Name College of the Atlantic Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Bar Harbor, ME Designed a research project to analyze trends amongst matriculating students utilizing logit/probit models, the outcome of which was reported to the College Recruitment Working Group and incorporated into future Strategic Plans.Maintained large relational databases containing applicant information.Acted as a student liaison between prospective applicants and the college.Performed general clerical and office duties. Research Assistant Company Name Santa Fe Institute Dates Employed 2013 – 2013 Employment Duration less than a year Location Santa Fe, New Mexico Area Took part in a Research Experience for Undergraduates (REU) program at the Santa Fe Institute with funding provided for by a business partnership with MITRE Corp. Constructed agent-based models in NetLogo and Python to create simulated time-series data of dynamical systems under varying amounts of stochastic forcing.Wrote scripts in R to check for early-warning signals of catastrophic bifurcations in simulated and real time-series data, such as increasing AR-1 values, discontinuous shifts in kurtosis and skewness, and spectral reddening. Worked alongside leading intellectuals to conceptualize, design, and execute a scientific research project. Education Penn State University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Applied Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 College of the Atlantic Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Human Ecology Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Admissions Committee, Comprehensive Faculty Review Member, Member of Campus Committee for Sustainability, Student Liaison for Prospective Hires, Committee Member of the Kathryn P. Davis Fund for Global Civic Engagement, Outdoor Orientation Program Trip Leader Concentrations in Applied Mathematics, Economics, and Data Analytics Santa Fe Institute Field Of Study Complex Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 See more education Volunteer Experience Scholarship Reviewer Company Name HACC, Central Pennsylvania's Community College Dates volunteered 2014 – 2014 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Education Reviews and determines future and current students scholarship eligibility. Volunteer Company Name Abbe Museum Dates volunteered 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs Cause Education I've volunteered for several Abbe Museum events, including: the Annual Gathering Gala, Abbe Underground Events, and various other functions as needed. Outdoor Orientation Program Trip Leader Company Name College of the Atlantic Dates volunteered 2013 – 2013 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Education I was an Outdoor Orientation Programs (OOPs) Trip Leader during the 2013 academic year. I led a group of 8 newly matriculated College of the Atlantic students on a trip through the 100 Mile Wilderness segment of the Appalachian Trail for one week. Additionally, I led several outdoor experiences throughout the rest of the school year. I also earned my Wilderness First Aid (WFA-I) Certification. See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 38 endorsements for Research 38 Research Endorsed by Amber Igasia and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Kyle’s colleagues at CLEAResult Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 34 endorsements for Data Analysis 34 Data Analysis Endorsed by Erin Dopfel, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Kyle’s colleagues at CLEAResult Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 25 endorsements for Statistics 25 Statistics Endorsed by 5 of Kyle’s colleagues at CLEAResult Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Erin Dopfel Market Intelligence and Applied Strategic Planning October 7, 2015, Kyle worked with Erin in different groups Erin was an incredible asset to the CLEAResult Market Intelligence team and is (and will be!) sorely missed. She and her team assisted everyone from Operations, to Business Development, to IT Product Development with actionable intelligence and strategic insights. Good luck on your new projects! Drew Oswald Product Owner, Analytics at Calabrio April 13, 2015, Kyle worked with Drew in different groups Drew has been a pleasure to work with during a particularly intense software migration. He's also played an integral role in a partnership between IT and Operations that has been crucial to keeping several different programs on their respective timelines. Great work! Accomplishments Kyle has 17 courses 17 Expand courses section Courses Calculus Calculus II Calculus III Dynamical Systems Econometrics: Theory and Application Economic Development: Theories and Case Studies Ethics: Beliefs and Action Financials Introductory Statistics Linear Algebra Kyle has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Inspire Award - Q4 2015 Maine Space Grant Consoritum Grant Recipient J. Dreier Scholarship for Community Engagement Community College Scholars Award Phi Theta Kappa Dean's List Kyle has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects TEDx Dirigo - "Think Small" Evaluating Methods for Detecting Critical Transitions in Agent-based Models Utilizing Simple Linear Probability Models for Deposit Forecasting at College of the Atlantic Conference on Cooperation, Community, and Complexity Kyle has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Island Housing Trust Kids' Corner HUB of Bar Harbor Kyle has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications R Programming The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Kyle has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English Kyle has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores GRE SAT Interests Allen Institute 5,989 followers College of the Atlantic 2,451 followers HACC, Central Pennsylvania's Community College 26,723 followers DJ PatilDJ Patil is a LinkedIn Influencer Former U.S. Chief Data Scientist; built & run product teams @ LinkedIn etc; done a bunch of security and some data too 458,653 followers College of the Atlantic 4,328 followers Statsols 344 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Michael Lanigan CIA, CISA, CPHIMS, IT Audit, IT Security Lanigan Data Solutions, LLC Thunderbird School of Global Management Greater St. Louis Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent IT AUDIT, INFOSEC, CYBERSECURITY, ERM, GRC, & DATA ANALYSIS PROFESSIONALMike Lanigan is the founder of Lanigan Data Solutions, LLC. He drives IT and “the business" to collaboratively lead the organization to achieve desired results. He enhances a firm’s performance by stressing security, governance, risk, compliance, internal control, and best practices by bringing his (1) CISA, CIA, and CPHIMS credentials and (2) his diverse IT, security, operations, finance, accounting, and international background to bear.PRIMARY SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:• IT Audit: CISA, CIA, CPHIMS certifications• Information Security (InfoSec), cybersecurity• Enterprise Risk Management (ERM); COSO; financial and IT risk assessments• Compliance: Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX), PCI-DSS, HIPAA• IT Controls: Design, documentation, testing; IT General Controls (ITGC), IT Application Controls• Business process improvement, re-engineering• GRC: Governance, Risk Management, Compliance• IT project teams: ERP (SAP, PeopleSoft, Oracle), MDM, HRIS, SCM, EHR, HIE• Business Analysis: Requirements gathering, synthesis• Software testing: QA, QC, UAT• Project management and oversight• Staff and team training, mentoring, development• Big Data, data integrity, data analysis, statistics, business intelligence, data warehouse• IPO, S-1, start-ups, M&A, divestiture, restatement, litigation support, False Claims Act (FCA)• Top-tier written and oral communication skills; conference speaker and panelistFOCUS INDUSTRIES:• Healthcare (CPHIMS-certified)• High-tech, Software• Financial ServicesADDITIONAL PURSUITS / INTERESTS:• Internet of Things (IoT)• Blockchain• Artificial Intelligence (AI)• Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality• Machine Learning• Software-defined security• GDPR (European privacy)• Tableau, Informatica, Alteryx See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Michael’s Activity 1,496 followers Introducing Infonomics - Peter Sondergaard Michael liked See all activity Experience IT Audit, InfoSec, Cybersecurity, ERM, GRC, & Data Analysis Professional Company Name Lanigan Data Solutions, LLC Dates Employed May 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 1 mo Location Greater St. Louis Area SELECTED ROLES:- AT&T (St. Louis, MO). Sr. IT Auditor / SOX Compliance Analyst:SOX IT control testing: Windows servers; access management; change management; security log review; privileged, terminated, or inactive user access; patch management; password controls; emergency/temporary access; segregation of duties.- NORTEK GLOBAL HVAC (O'Fallon, MO). SOX Compliance / Internal Control Specialist:SOX IT controls; accounting controls; overhauled process narratives in MS Word, cross-functional process flow charts in MS Visio, and risk and control matrices in MS Excel. Documentation, walk-throughs, test plans, testing, gap analysis, remediation, coordination w/external auditors.- ASCENSION HEALTH (Carmel, IN). Sr. Data Integrity Analyst:KPI dashboard; legacy-to-PeopleSoft ERP conversion file data integrity; Supply Chain Management (SCM); Master Data Management (MDM); vendor and parts master files; procurement cost control.- MISSION HEALTH (Asheville, NC). IT Audit Manager / Internal Audit Manager:IT risk assessment; Enterprise Risk Management (ERM); data analysis; staffing/management; MDM; IT project oversight; COSO; fraud investigation.- CITIMORTGAGE INC. (O'Fallon, MO). Process Improvement Consultant:Developed revenue dashboard w/MS Access, Excel, Visio, SQL.- HSC HEALTH CARE SYSTEM (Wash., DC). IT Systems & Data Analysis Specialist:Re-engineered in-patient daily census dashboard; requirements gathering; system development; data integration; co-managed IT Decision Support Committee.- MASTERCARD WORLDWIDE (O'Fallon, MO). Sr. Information Security Consultant: InfoSec; Disaster Recovery; PCI-DSS; Identity Management (IDM); Security Due Diligence; Information Lifecycle Mgmt; policies/procedures documentation.- INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND (IMF) (Wash., DC). Control Specialist:IT control review; process documentation.- ELIZ. GLASER PEDIATRIC AIDS FOUNDATION (Wash., DC). Process Improvement Consultant:Process re-engineering; staff management/training. Media (2) This position has 2 media Mike's Business Card - 1 Mike's Business Card - 1 This media is an image Mike's Business Card - 2 Mike's Business Card - 2 This media is an image Senior Consultant Company Name Nelson & Associates Dates Employed Apr 1998 – May 2007 Employment Duration 9 yrs 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area SELECTED ROLES:- KAISER PERMANENTE (Oakland, CA) (two engagements). Business Analyst / Report Lead:Project 1: streamline and automate employee expense reporting; Six Sigma; Cognos; testing; test cases; User Acceptance Testing (UAT); Project 2: consolidate many payroll systems into three; role-based security matrix; business intelligence- COHERENT, INC. (Santa Clara, CA). SOX Consultant:Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) audit of IT controls and financial internal controls; COSO; pilot audits; thorough documentation using process narratives; process flow charts; risk and control matrices- UNITED BEHAVIORAL HEALTH (San Francisco, CA). Assistant Project Manager:360-degree view of the customer; project management; quantified financial risk; analysis of claim payouts to target higher-margin customers; product mix analysis- GAP, INC. (San Francisco, CA). Reporting Lead:Deep IT Department budgetary analysis and cost rationalization; business intelligence reporting using Access, Excel, SQL- MCKESSON CORPORATION (San Francisco, CA). Sr. Data Analyst:Collaboration with DBAs to query billions of mainframe customer sales records; intelligence reports to Exec VP of Sales to strategize how to prevent major customer defections; created "Financial Benefits Scorecards;" deep analysis and clean-up of customer master file data- PLACEWARE, INC. (Mountain View, CA). Start-up and IPO Consultant:Helped with SEC Form S-1 for Initial Public Offering (IPO); M&A activity analysis; acquisition due diligence; data mining a sales e-data warehouse; established reporting and analytic discipline and rigor to HR, sales, and financial processes-SPL WORLDGROUP, INC. (San Francisco, CA). Finance Consultant:Budget analysis, financial analysis, forecasting to drive improved margins; transformation of raw, disparate data into financial and operating intelligence using data visualizations Education Thunderbird School of Global Management Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study International Business/Trade/Commerce Activities and Societies: One semester in Tokyo, Japan; Working knowledge of Japanese language. University of Missouri-Columbia, College of Business Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Accounting and Computer Science Activities and Societies: Alpha Kappa Psi; The Honors College. Penn State University Field Of Study Statistics Courses: Applied Statistics; Regression Methods; SAS statistical analysis See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 35 endorsements for Data Analysis 35 Data Analysis Michael Austin and 34 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 22 endorsements for Business Intelligence 22 Business Intelligence Michael Austin and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 14 endorsements for Data Mining 14 Data Mining Elisabeth Laspe and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 33 courses 33 Expand courses section Courses 2015-11-12 - Simplification of Work (Sponsor: Deloitte) 2015-11-17 - Measuring Internal Audit Value and Performance (Sponsor: IIA) 2016-01-13 - Data Privacy in the Wake of the EU's Safe Harbor Ruling (Sponsor: Deloitte) 2016-01-14 - Democratized Trust: The Rise of Blockchain (Sponsor: Deloitte) 2016-01-19 - Could the Internet of Things Drive Future Utility Performance? (Sponsor: Deloitte) 2016-01-20 - Fraud Risk Assessment (Sponsor: Deloitte) 2016-01-26 - Digital Maturity in Government (Sponsor: Deloitte) 2016-01-28 - Cyber Risk Appetite (Sponsor: Deloitte) 2016-01-29 - How Health Reform Is Changing Innovation in Life Sciences (Sponsor: Deloitte) 2016-02-04 - Augmented and Virtual Reality Go to Work (Sponsor: Deloitte) Michael has 6 organizations 6 Expand organizations section Organizations Association of Healthcare Internal Auditors (AHIA) Healthcare Information Management Systems Society (HIMSS) ISACA Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA) St. Louis Big Data Meetup St. Louis IoT Central Meetup Michael has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications CISA (Certified Information Systems Auditor) Big Data Foundations CIA (Certified Internal Auditor) CPHIMS (Certified Professional in Healthcare Information and Management Systems) Michael has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Japanese Interests RSA Conference 5,948 followers The Institute of Internal Auditors (Official Global Group) 151,141 members Tableau Software 201,829 followers Bernard MarrBernard Marr is a LinkedIn Influencer Best-Selling Author, Keynote Speaker and Leading Business and Data Expert 1,013,137 followers CYBER SECURITY Forum Initiative - CSFI 93,972 members Business Intelligence Professionals (BI, Big Data, Analytics, IoT) 241,941 members See all See all following
More Actions Surabhi has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Surabhi Chouhan Incoming Business Systems Analyst Intern at Anthem Inc | Grad student at Syracuse University Syracuse University Syracuse University Syracuse, New York 385 385 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a graduate student at Syracuse University pursuing Master of Science in Information Management.Prior to joining grad school, I have had 1 year 10 months of professional experience working as a System Analyst and Data Analyst at Tata Consultancy Services Limited.I am currently seeking for internship opportunities for Summer 2017 in the field of Data Analysis and Business Analysis . Looking forward to build a large diverse professional network by adding professional experience in my profile.I can be contacted via email on surabhi.chouhan21@gmail.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Surabhi’s Activity 384 followers Today, I graduated with a BFA in film from Syracuse University, and got to share the accomplishment with my amazing family. Next steps: road trip back to CA and continue creating work with my camera! As we say in film... "that's a wrap!!" Surabhi liked At Anthem, Inc., we're always looking for talented and passionate individuals to join our team. If you're looking for a career in health care, follow us on social media to learn about our recruitment events and job listings in your area. http://bit.ly/2o6HjhK #JoinAnthem Surabhi liked We’re currently seeking a talented, compassionate and customer focused individual to join our team. If you are looking for a career in Customer Service, learn more about how this vital role at Anthem will put you at the heart of service or hospitality. #JoinAnthem To view the full job-description and apply today, click here: https://lnkd.in/eMGTvUT Surabhi liked WannaCry Ransomware Attack: What to Do Now Surabhi liked Great advice: If you had $86,400 in your account and someone stole $10 from you, would you be upset and throw the remaining amount $86,390 away at the person who took your $10? Of course not! The same way we have 86,400 seconds each day. Don't let someone's negative 10 seconds ruin the remaining 86,390 seconds of your day. Surabhi liked Electronic Arts announces EA Sports Cricket 2019 release Surabhi liked See all activity Experience Faculty Assistant Company Name Syracuse University Dates Employed Apr 2017 – May 2017 Employment Duration 2 mos Responsible for annotating the data related to patient's pain acquired from internet sourcesComparing the annotated data to the qualitative coding done by experts by dividing data into taxonomy of domains and sub-domains Business Data Analyst - Pro Bono consulting Company Name iConsult at Syracuse University Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Syracuse, New York Area iConsult is a student organization that provides the opportunities for graduate students to gain real time experience in solving information management related problems.• Interacted with IT teams defining terms for implementing a new database ensuring both business and technical feasibility• Normalized 1 million records of data from old database to remove data redundancy and inconsistency & migrated into MySQL• Improved system efficiency by 50% by designing a Graphical User interface for front-end operations in MS Access • Facilitated in development of a guidebook for database users and provided training for efficient use of new system Data Analyst Company Name Tata Consultancy Services Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Mumbai Area, India • Examined & filtered data from 500+ network nodes, performed data cleaning operations in MS Excel to tidy data for analysis • Created three dashboards in Tableau by interfacing with data analysts to extract, transform & load data from network nodes• Identified Key Performance Indicators for network, presented analysis reports to client using R data functions with Spotfire• Managed to reduce overall cost of development by 8% by implementation of automated testing process System Analyst Company Name Tata Consultancy Services Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Mumbai Area, India • Documented business & technical requirements for data from 500+ network nodes for a client in telecommunication Industry • Strategized the creation of product backlog and user stories, by communicating with client on a weekly basis• Performed requirement analysis, developed use cases and activity diagrams for development of performance monitoring tool• Created modeling diagrams, documented Business Requirements Document which improved the team design process Education Syracuse University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Management Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2018 Activities and Societies: Working member of SU Food Services Media (2) This position has 2 media Syracuse University Syracuse University This media is an image Surabhi Chouhan at Github Surabhi Chouhan at Github This media is a link Bansal Institute of Science and Technology, Bhopal Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology Volunteer Experience Creative Director Company Name Nanhi Kali - Syracuse Chapter Dates volunteered Apr 2017 – Present Volunteer duration 2 mos Cause Economic Empowerment The Syracuse Chapter's mission is to establish the Mahindra Foundation and Project Nanhi Kali’s presence in the university by creating awareness, raising funds, providing information and supporting activities that promote the overall mission of supporting girl child education in India. Volunteer Company Name Women in IT Dates volunteered Oct 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 8 mos Cause Science and Technology Mentor Company Name TCS Maitree Dates volunteered Sep 2014 – Jun 2016 Volunteer duration 1 yr 10 mos Cause Education Led a team of 20 associates to organize Elementary English sessions for office helping staff as a part of TCS Maitree See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 10 endorsements for R 10 R Kirill Eremenko and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 18 endorsements for SQL 18 SQL Kirill Eremenko and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 9 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 9 Microsoft Excel Kirill Eremenko and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Surabhi has 17 courses 17 Expand courses section Courses Analysis and Design of Algorithm Applied Data Science Business Analytics Cloud Computing Data Administration Concepts & Database Management System Data Mining & Warehousing Database Management System Distributed Systems Enterprise Risk Management Information Security Surabhi has 8 projects 8 Expand projects section Projects Customer Loan Data analysis Database design and implementation for Student Finance Management System Recruitment Advertising Strategy for Syracuse University, Google Analytics IT Project Management for Syracuse University Food Services Data Analysis for Hyatt Hotels Ltd Ericsson ENIQ Events Recruitment Strategy for Syracuse University Payroll Management System Surabhi has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Big Data Foundations Data Cleaning in R Intermediate R Surabhi has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Surabhi has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Graduated with distinction Interests LeaseLock 257 followers Starbucks 791,583 followers Anthem, Inc. 75,519 followers Johnson & Johnson 1,394,204 followers Big Data 5,065,205 followers KPMG 583,340 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ying has a account Ying Zhao Master of Business Analytics, Class of 2016 RBC Wealth Management York University - Schulich School of Business Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent With 2 years hands-on experience in data analytics, Ying is passionate about using data to drive strategic decision making in banking and the broader financial services sector.Ying is proficient in managing data of large volume and complex relationships using SQL and SAS, and Excel. currently enrolled in the Master of Business Analytics program, she is actively expanding her skill set in advanced data analysis techniques and their application in customer relationship management, human capital efficiency, risk control and organization-level optimization.• Advanced Analytics: SAS, Python• Data Management & Programming: SQL, Excel, VBA• Visualization: Tableau, Spotfire See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Analytics Analyst, Wealth Management Analytics Company Name RBC Wealth Management Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Toronto, Canada Area Deliver analytics-driven and technology-enabled solutions to a wide range of internal clients and functions within Wealth Management Analyst, Expense Analytics & Strategic Sourcing Company Name Scotiabank Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Toronto, Ontario • Experienced in relational database; working knowledge of Access and SQL• Conducted data analysis to support bank-wide expense management and vendor relationship initiatives Investment Accountant Company Name State Street Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area • Provided fund accounting and financial reporting services to asset management firms and pension funds• Working knowledge of securities (equity, fixed-income, FX and derivatives• Financial reporting• Bloomberg, Excel Macro, VBA, in-house system Education York University - Schulich School of Business Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Master of Business Analytics Grade with Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Graduate Business Council The University of Western Ontario - Richard Ivey School of Business Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Honors Business Administration Grade with Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Volunteer Experience Communications Representative Company Name Graduate Business Council, Schulich School of Business Dates volunteered Sep 2015 – Jul 2016 Volunteer duration 11 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 3 endorsements for Python 3 Python Yijun He and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAS Programming See 6 endorsements for SAS Programming 6 SAS Programming Kate Chen and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 11 endorsements for SQL 11 SQL Endorsed by Kate Chen, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ying’s colleagues at Scotiabank Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Ann Vu Vendor Management April 14, 2016, Ann was senior to Ying but didn’t manage directly Ying is a hard-working, diligent and very skilled master at data analysis. She demonstrates an eagerness for absorbing information and turning it into useful and insightful data. Her sunny disposition make her a pleasure to work with. I highly recommend Ying. Ivy Heng Business Analyst at Air Canada March 13, 2013, Ying worked with Ivy in different groups Among all the young professionals working in this organization, Ivy's unique personality and second-to-none capabilities set her aside from the rest. She has the brilliant mindset to grasp new concepts quickly, the dedication and commitment to deliver her best at work, and the forward-looking thoughts to plan ahead and achieve goals step by step. She is the one in the organization who "joined last but knows the most". Any future employer would be surprised by the value she can bring to a team. Accomplishments Ying has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Graduation on Dean’s Honor List Dean's Entrance Scholarship Graduation with Distinction Dean's Honor List Dean's Honor List Ying has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9 Certified General Accountants (CGA) - passed all exams Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) - passed level I Ying has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Ivey Alumni Association - Toronto State Street Toastmaster Interests State Street 149,853 followers CIBC Asset Management 1,787 followers The Chinese Language Institute (CLI) 1,139 followers Big Data Toronto 1,122 members RBC Wealth Management 28,848 followers Ivey Alumni Network Toronto Chapter (IANT) 3,096 members See all See all following
More Actions Kyle has a account Kyle Shank Data Science @ CLEAResult CLEAResult Penn State University Bar Harbor, Maine 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced professional with a passion for leveraging data to solve complex problems, understand emerging trends, and drive business forward. Equally adept with people as with numbers, impeccably organized, innately curious, endlessly driven, creative, and flexible.Specialties: Applied mathematics. Statistical analysis. Data mining, manipulation, architecture, and visualization. Sentiment analysis. Computer programming and scripting (R/Python/Javascript). Agent-based modeling. Network science. Finance. Econometrics. Competitive analysis. Market and corporate intelligence. Please feel free to find me on Github (@kylescotshank) for public examples of coding and visualization work, or visit my website at https://kylescotshank.github.io See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Kyle’s Activity 763 followers Excited to announce that I just accepted an offer to join the University of Vermont Complex Systems Center as the new Outreach Director for Complex Systems. I will be moving to Burlington this January! Kyle liked How Cooperation can be Harnessed to Achieve Sustainability, a presentation Kyle liked Are you interested in Data Analytics? Calabrio's Analytics team is looking for an Intern to help out with some interesting, cutting-edge data science and machine learning projects! Message me for details or use the link below to apply! https://lnkd.in/eTeaBPP Kyle shared this See all activity Experience Data Scientist - Market Intelligence, Research, and Analytics Company Name CLEAResult Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Bar Harbor, ME I design and implement statistical algorithms and analytical models to meet a wide variety of marketing and operational needs, including customer segmentation and predictive analytics. Additionally, I am the technical lead for creating Analytics-as-a-Service tools to meet specific client needs. I utilize and blend a wide variety of proprietary, public, and private datasets to drive and promote participation in energy efficiency programs for our utiltiy clients. I produce visualizations of statistical and geospatial data for both in-house and client-facing reports, including regional, national, and international marketing campaigns and program offerings.I also provide competitive intelligence analysis and reports, including SWOT analysis. Bioinformatics Training Specialist Company Name MDI Biological Laboratory Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Bar Harbor, ME I performed statistical analyses, algorithm implementation, and various programming tasks in service to the Bioinformatics Core.I evaluated published and pre-print data for quality assurance and reproducibility.I developed The Maine INBRE Training Materials Repository, an open-source depot of analytics training materials for use by undergraduate, graduate, and professional scientic researchers. Data Analyst - Central Atlantic Region Company Name CLEAResult Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Lancaster, Pennsylvania Area I am responsible for using a variety of client data streams to drive energy efficiency projects and programs from start-up through implementation. To that end, I primarily use such data to generate scheduled and ad hoc reports and dashboards for management and stakeholders to track program-specific KPIs and to find hidden business opportunities in high-volume, high-velocity information streams. I also maintain, modify, query, and validate program and financial data in a suite of customized Microsoft Dynamics software environments, most heavily focused on Dynamics CRM and SL. Additionally, I play the role of technical lead in the integration of $30 million dollars worth of work from legacy software and business operations into the CLEAResult operating framework, along with training new employees and client stakeholders on the proper use and benefits of the Dynamics CRM ecosystem. I produce visualizations of statistical and geospatial data for both in-house and client-facing reports, including several regional and national marketing campaigns.I work with our Core Engineering team to translate project data into energy savings calculations for a variety of measurement and verification procedures.I also own the data integration and ETL process for several utility programs, including the creation of data dictionaries, integration schematics, the QA/QC process, and physical file transfer. My current long term projects include leveraging various analytical methods to design new products and services to better service low and limited income Americans, and designing scalable data cleaning algorithms to help ease the ETL process for customer targeting and segmentation.Primary technical systems: R, Python, Alteryx, Microsoft Dynamics CRM, Microsoft SL, Cognos, QGis, Zap BI Admissions Assistant Company Name College of the Atlantic Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Bar Harbor, ME Designed a research project to analyze trends amongst matriculating students utilizing logit/probit models, the outcome of which was reported to the College Recruitment Working Group and incorporated into future Strategic Plans.Maintained large relational databases containing applicant information.Acted as a student liaison between prospective applicants and the college.Performed general clerical and office duties. Research Assistant Company Name Santa Fe Institute Dates Employed 2013 – 2013 Employment Duration less than a year Location Santa Fe, New Mexico Area Took part in a Research Experience for Undergraduates (REU) program at the Santa Fe Institute with funding provided for by a business partnership with MITRE Corp. Constructed agent-based models in NetLogo and Python to create simulated time-series data of dynamical systems under varying amounts of stochastic forcing.Wrote scripts in R to check for early-warning signals of catastrophic bifurcations in simulated and real time-series data, such as increasing AR-1 values, discontinuous shifts in kurtosis and skewness, and spectral reddening. Worked alongside leading intellectuals to conceptualize, design, and execute a scientific research project. Education Penn State University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Applied Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 College of the Atlantic Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Human Ecology Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Admissions Committee, Comprehensive Faculty Review Member, Member of Campus Committee for Sustainability, Student Liaison for Prospective Hires, Committee Member of the Kathryn P. Davis Fund for Global Civic Engagement, Outdoor Orientation Program Trip Leader Concentrations in Applied Mathematics, Economics, and Data Analytics Santa Fe Institute Field Of Study Complex Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 See more education Volunteer Experience Scholarship Reviewer Company Name HACC, Central Pennsylvania's Community College Dates volunteered 2014 – 2014 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Education Reviews and determines future and current students scholarship eligibility. Volunteer Company Name Abbe Museum Dates volunteered 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs Cause Education I've volunteered for several Abbe Museum events, including: the Annual Gathering Gala, Abbe Underground Events, and various other functions as needed. Outdoor Orientation Program Trip Leader Company Name College of the Atlantic Dates volunteered 2013 – 2013 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Education I was an Outdoor Orientation Programs (OOPs) Trip Leader during the 2013 academic year. I led a group of 8 newly matriculated College of the Atlantic students on a trip through the 100 Mile Wilderness segment of the Appalachian Trail for one week. Additionally, I led several outdoor experiences throughout the rest of the school year. I also earned my Wilderness First Aid (WFA-I) Certification. See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 38 endorsements for Research 38 Research Endorsed by Amber Igasia and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Kyle’s colleagues at CLEAResult Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 34 endorsements for Data Analysis 34 Data Analysis Endorsed by Erin Dopfel, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Kyle’s colleagues at CLEAResult Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 25 endorsements for Statistics 25 Statistics Endorsed by 5 of Kyle’s colleagues at CLEAResult Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Erin Dopfel Market Intelligence and Applied Strategic Planning October 7, 2015, Kyle worked with Erin in different groups Erin was an incredible asset to the CLEAResult Market Intelligence team and is (and will be!) sorely missed. She and her team assisted everyone from Operations, to Business Development, to IT Product Development with actionable intelligence and strategic insights. Good luck on your new projects! Drew Oswald Product Owner, Analytics at Calabrio April 13, 2015, Kyle worked with Drew in different groups Drew has been a pleasure to work with during a particularly intense software migration. He's also played an integral role in a partnership between IT and Operations that has been crucial to keeping several different programs on their respective timelines. Great work! Accomplishments Kyle has 17 courses 17 Expand courses section Courses Calculus Calculus II Calculus III Dynamical Systems Econometrics: Theory and Application Economic Development: Theories and Case Studies Ethics: Beliefs and Action Financials Introductory Statistics Linear Algebra Kyle has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Inspire Award - Q4 2015 Maine Space Grant Consoritum Grant Recipient J. Dreier Scholarship for Community Engagement Community College Scholars Award Phi Theta Kappa Dean's List Kyle has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects TEDx Dirigo - "Think Small" Evaluating Methods for Detecting Critical Transitions in Agent-based Models Utilizing Simple Linear Probability Models for Deposit Forecasting at College of the Atlantic Conference on Cooperation, Community, and Complexity Kyle has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Island Housing Trust Kids' Corner HUB of Bar Harbor Kyle has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications R Programming The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Kyle has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English Kyle has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores GRE SAT Interests The Cadmus Group, Inc. 4,683 followers Villanova Mathematics and Statistics Alumni and Students 200 members CLEAResult 14,075 followers HACC, Central Pennsylvania's Community College 26,724 followers Intelligent Efficiency Conference 221 members Penn State University 457,818 followers See all See all following
More Actions Natalie has a account Natalie Stickel Freelance Writer and Outdoor Educator Blue Sky Fund James Madison University Richmond, Virginia 178 178 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent -Dynamic, creative, and engaging writer, journalist, and editor of technical documents, copy for print and digital publications, blogs, and more-Outdoor educator for 2nd through 5th grade urban youth with Blue Sky Fund-Experience in spatial data collection, entry, and analysis using Esri's ArcGIS and with QA/QC and data creation for various statewide applications-Has implemented ecological restoration in a variety of environments, including the redwood forests of California and the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia; studied sustainability, responsible tourism, and permaculture in Costa Rica and the Appalachian Mountains-Professional hoop dance instructor and assistant AcroYoga teacher; insured fire performer See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Explorers Educator Company Name Blue Sky Fund Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Richmond, Virginia Area - Lead students on ecology-based field trips incorporating Virginia science SOLs and resilience skills Technical Writer Company Name Timmons Group Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Richmond, Virginia Area - Develop user guides, software development manuals, workflow diagrams, project profiles, and other materials for state agencies across the country, such as the Virginia Department of Transportation and the Missouri Department of Conservation- Manage QA/QC, including test case creation, for both the database stabilization and application enhancements projects of a Virginia statewide environmental data reporting system Freelance Writer Company Name Self-Employed Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos - Create engaging content for print publications, websites and blogs, press releases, and more, specializing in investigative journalism, technical writing, and copywriting- Fields of expertise include outdoor recreation / adventure, the nonprofit sector, travel, wellness, and environmental conservation and sustainability. GIS and Business Data Analyst Company Name VDOT Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Richmond, Virginia Area - Participant in VDOT's Core Development Program- Created and edited GIS layers and hundreds of thousands of data records for the Pavement Asset Management group- Managed data for the Roadway Inventory Management System (RIMS) and performed data quality testing, assurance, and analysis for the RIMS group of the Maintenance Division at VDOT's Central Office- Lead statewide training of engineers to enter, edit, and view data using RIMS Program Intern Company Name Alliance for the Chesapeake Bay Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Richmond, Virginia Area - Conducted storm water audits and water quality testing / monitoring- Recommended, installed, and inspected Best Management Practices (BMPs) for participating homes within the Reedy Creek watershed in Richmond, Virginia- Promoted conservation awareness at various community events See more positions Education James Madison University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Geographic Information Science and Cartography Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Minor: Humanitarian Affairs Geographic Science: Environmental Conservation, Sustainability & Development; Geographic Information Systems Lancaster High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Volunteer Experience Mentor ("Big Sister") Company Name Big Brothers Big Sisters Dates volunteered Sep 2008 – May 2012 Volunteer duration 3 yrs 9 mos Cause Children Mentor to an El Salvadoran girl Featured Skills & Endorsements ArcGIS See 12 endorsements for ArcGIS 12 ArcGIS Shannon Early and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Ecology See 10 endorsements for Ecology 10 Ecology Heather Bailey and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Environmental Policy See 9 endorsements for Environmental Policy 9 Environmental Policy Emmalyn Carter and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Natalie has 17 courses 17 Expand courses section Courses Agricultural Systems and Global Food Production Biogeography Cartography and Geospatial Visualization Cultural Anthropology Economic Geography and Development Issues Geography of Poverty Geospatial Tools Global Biodiversity Global Nutrition Human Dimensions of Global Change Natalie has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Advanced Open Water Diver Enriched Air Diver Heartsaver First Aid CPR AED Natalie has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Indonesian Spanish Natalie has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Circular Expressions RVA Clean Sweep Natalie has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Making the University Farm a Sustainable Outdoor Classroom: Lessons from Costa Rica Co-designer, ISAT Green Roof Project Natalie has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications It's time to give plastic bags the sack in urban streams Falling in Love with the Bay Natalie has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Cum laude graduate Interests Douglas RushkoffDouglas Rushkoff is a LinkedIn Influencer Author, Throwing Rocks at the Google Bus 48,752 followers iGuideNetwork 720 followers Leadership & Management 24,848,599 followers Healthcare 6,528,600 followers James Madison University 101,491 followers Social Media 16,343,289 followers See all See all following
More Actions Marc has a account Marc Schmalz Doctoral Student at University of Washington University of Washington University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Achievements• Designed, documented, managed, and engineered dozens of software projects using a wide array of Internet technologies. • Co-founded a Washington state corporation, serving as incorporating officer, board member, secretary, and treasurer.• Published hundreds of downloadable electronic publications and computer games.• Won more than 30 awards for excellence as member of companies with fewer than a dozen employees.Specialties• Knowledge Organization• Information Architecture• Web Design• Project Management• Games and Gaming See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Doctoral Student in Information Science Company Name University of Washington Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Seattle, WA • Assisted Richard Sturman with Information Systems Analysis and Design (INFO 360) (Spring 2017).• Assisted Mike Doane with Information Systems Analysis and Design (INFO 360) (Winter 2017).• Co-taught Metadata for Interactive Media (INFX 536) with primary instructor Dr. Jin Ha Lee (Autumn 2016).• Assisted Mike Doane with Introduction to Information Architecture (INFO 535) (Autumn 2015).• Assisted Dr. Hans Jochen Scholl with Enterprise Information Systems Analysis and Design (IMT 541) (Winter 2016).• Assisted Dr. Michelle Carter with research regarding IT Identity (Spring 2016).Research Interests: As a technology and game industry professional, interests lie at the intersection of information science and entertainment software development.• Game-related topics have included risk management in video game development; video game metadata; the information behavior of video game producers; a taxonomy of print game products and their e-publishing counterparts; the use of Minecraft in therapy for neurodiverse youth; and analysis of the distribution of labor on a message board dedicated to cooperatively pursuing the challenges of an alternate reality game.• Other topics have included the influence of identity on the evaluation of online product reviews; an analysis of Twitter data surrounding a global political event; and a study of job skills in a particular segment of IT, including a literature review that produced our term thesaurus, text analysis, and recommendations for changes to the methodology. Consultant Company Name Self-Employment Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Location Seattle, WA • Performed data structure, information organization, desktop publishing, editing, and software engineering services for a learning management system (LMS) aimed at K-12 educators.• Performed information architecture, data acquisition and analysis, market analysis, and software engineering services for an e-commerce solution provider.• Performed designed and implementation services on data collection tools for a Children's Hospital cancer medication adherence study. Director of Electronic Publishing Company Name Green Ronin Publishing LLC Dates Employed Oct 2004 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 8 mos Location Seattle, WA • Managed partnered sales and reporting of electronic and print-on-demand publications. • Performed desktop publishing services for print, print-on-demand, and electronic products.• Managed online advertising and promotion programs and design electronic and print ads.• Represented company at consumer trade shows. Business Intelligence Data Analyst Company Name DoubleDown Interactive Dates Employed May 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Greater Seattle Area • Performed data analysis using SQL queries, Excel, and Tableau to derive business intelligence from an Amazon Redshift (PostgreSQL) enterprise data warehouse. Computer Support Analyst 2, Computer Support Analyst, Academic Student Employee Company Name University of Washington Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Seattle, WA • Performed IT support and information management duties for the Center for Educational Leadership (Winter 2013-2014).• Performed IT support and information management duties for the Department of Global Health (Winter 2011 - Spring 2012).• Designed, implemented, and maintained Web applications for the School of Nursing (Summer & Autumn 2011).• Assisted Dr. Hazel Taylor with Project Management for Informatics (INFO 481) (Fall 2010). See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Information Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 University of Washington Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Information Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Association of Information Management Students Ball State University Degree Name MICS Field Of Study Information and Communication Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1995 Completed one year. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Information Architecture See 37 endorsements for Information Architecture 37 Information Architecture Colm Lundberg and 36 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Web Development See 34 endorsements for Web Development 34 Web Development Shawn Hurst and 33 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Content Management See 25 endorsements for Content Management 25 Content Management Shawn Hurst and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Rich Redman QA Analyst at REI July 22, 2009, Marc worked with Rich in the same group Every day at TGM, I discovered some new talent in Marc. His abilities in scheduling, layout, and graphic design are stunning. His work at TGM was nominated for awards. He contributed to every facet of our products, from determining product mix to product launch. Matthew Gillikin Senior Producer at Curious Media Inc February 16, 2011, Matthew worked with Marc in the same group Matthew Gillikin is a creative producer, always looking for ways to innovate within the constraints of his game budgets. The results speak for themselves. Accomplishments Marc has 28 courses 28 Expand courses section Courses Capstone I - Project Planning Capstone II - Project Implementation Data Science I: Theoretical Foundations Design Methods for Interaction and Systems Enterprise Project Management in Information Organizations Faculty Seminar Human Aspects of Information Systems Independent Study Independent Study in Information Science Information Retrieval Systems Marc has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications Impact of Location-Based Augmented Reality Games on People's Information Behavior: A Case Study of Pokémon GO Risk Management in Video Game Development Projects Applying User Engagement Models from Direct-to-Patient Online Services to Improve Patient Portal Design Full Steam Ahead: A Conceptual Analysis of User-Supplied Tags on Steam Mining for Social Skills: Minecraft in Home and Therapy for Neurodiverse Youth The Content and Context of Identity in a Digital Society Marc has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications R Programming Introduction to Data Science Marc has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Doctoral Student Association Association for Information Systems (AIS) Interests University of Washington, Henry M. Jackson School of International Studies 11,365 followers University of Washington, Henry M. Jackson School of International Studies 11,379 followers University of Washington 379,019 followers Green Ronin Publishing 181 followers Association of Information Management Students (AIMS at UW) 493 members Data Science Central 291,510 members
More Actions Hannah has a account Hannah Chen Digital Marketing and PR 17.Media King's College London Taipei City, Taiwan 110 110 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Marketing Specialist Company Name 17.Media Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Taipei City, Taiwan Press Release Writer / Media Coordinator Company Name freelancer - marketing, PR and events Dates Employed Jul 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Taipei City, Taiwan I Provide PR document writing and media coordinating service・Conducted and implemented “Bistro: Smart Feeder of Cats” Press Event for Zillians・Wrote the press release for “Kagulu: Used Car Valuation System” owned by Taikoo Motors Group Account Executive Company Name Apex Communications Consultants Co., LTD. Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Taipei City, Taiwan Apex Communications is the top PR agency in Taiwan to work on traditional/digital communications and brand/crisis management for clients from hi-tech industry. Apex is under the Elite Public Relations Group, the largest communication group in TW, which includes 12 brands.1. PR practicesProvided industrial consultancy/brand management/crisis management services, and initiated and implemented several types of PR tactics and integrated marketing campaigns for hi-tech international enterprises including IBM- STG/GTS/CORPORATE, Dassault Systèmes and Yahoo Flickr.2. ProjectsWorked as a project leader in various projects, including “IBM Annual Brand Plan 2014 in Taiwan”, “IBM POWER8 Technology Announcement in Taiwan”, “Yahoo Flickr Photowalk in Taiwan”, and other press activities. I also worked as a team member for more than 20 PR events for clients such as ARM, Getac, SanDisk, Lenovo, TI and so on.3. LeadershipWorked as a half-year leader of internal communication team to encourage experiences sharing and innovative brainstorming and enhance perfect interaction between colleagues. Also worked as a half-year leader of education team to plan the weekly-based optional courses which contain lectures and workshops for profession improvement. Project Intern Company Name BRANDSUGAR Digital Agency Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Taipei City, Taiwan Brandsugar helps enterprises to overcome the digital marketing challenges and win the young's heart. It served Blackberry, Monopoly, etc.1. Responsible for Goodthing MapOrganised and coordinated for the previous works including business developing, content planning and marketing campaigns initiating.2. Achievements- Carried out the cooperation with “The Big Issue (TW)” and “Department of Social Work, NTU.”- Wrote press release for the “Reality film- Gift for tough moms” campaign and delivered sweet points which reported by several media groups in Taiwan. Intern Company Name Epoch Foundation Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Taipei City, Taiwan ・Conducted industrial analysis and research on member companies・Coordinated the intern-recruiting event and obtained 85 applicants (compared to 60 in the last year) Education King's College London Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Digital culture and society (Big Data in Culture & Society) Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Related Coursework:  Digital Media, Digital Marketing, Curating Digital Culture, Mobile and Social Media National Taiwan University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Featured Skills & Endorsements Social Media See 4 endorsements for Social Media 4 Social Media Yan-Yun Zeng (Aloha) and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media Marketing See 4 endorsements for Social Media Marketing 4 Social Media Marketing Yan-Yun Zeng (Aloha) and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Marketing Communications See 4 endorsements for Marketing Communications 4 Marketing Communications Yan-Yun Zeng (Aloha) and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Hannah has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Japanese Interests 國立臺灣大學 65,522 followers National Taiwan University 69,130 followers Pulse 1,535,214 followers Social Media Strategies 29,801 members Leopard Mobile 台灣雪豹科技有限公司 899 followers King's College London 135,711 followers See all See all following
More Actions Wes has a account Wes Kemp Executive in Residence at University of Arkansas Walton College of Business University of Arkansas Walton College of Business University of Arkansas at Fayetteville Fayetteville, Arkansas 496 496 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Executive in Residence Company Name University of Arkansas Walton College of Business Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location Fayetteville, Arkansas I teach an online course entitled "The Logistics of Capitalism" which enables enrollees to earn their "Certificate for the Study of Capitalism" in the Walton College. The course is open to the public. For more information, go to http://execed.uark.edu/capitalism-certificate.php . Knowledge Frees Minds, Markets, and People Media (1) This position has 1 media Flyer - Certificate for the Study of Capitalism Flyer - Certificate for the Study of Capitalism This media is a document President & CEO Company Name ABF Freight System, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo President & COO Company Name ABF Freight System, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Education University of Arkansas at Fayetteville Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1964 – 1969 Northwestern University Degree Name Transportation Center Executive Program Field Of Study Advanced Transportation/Logistics Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Transportation See 45 endorsements for Transportation 45 Transportation Glen Dimick and 44 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Supply Chain Management See 42 endorsements for Supply Chain Management 42 Supply Chain Management Glen Dimick and 41 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Logistics See 41 endorsements for Logistics 41 Logistics Jason Arentz and 40 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Nicholas (Nick) Dintelmann Enterprise Assistant Buyer - Women's Intimates at JCPenney November 12, 2012, Wes was Nicholas (Nick)’s teacher Nick is one of my top students and has excellent organizational skills. He's bright, takes initiative, and has demonstrated sound judgement. I expect he'll be successful in whatever career he chooses to pursue. Catalina Bonifaz Operations Associate at Tyson Foods November 5, 2012, Wes was Catalina’s teacher Catalina is a very good, conscientious student who takes initiative without prompting. I've thoroughly enjoyed having her in my class and expect she will succeed at whatever business or endeavor she chooses to pursue. Accomplishments Interests ABF Freight 11,812 followers University of Arkansas at Fayetteville 8,852 members University of Arkansas 107,197 followers Sam M. Walton College of Business Alumni 3,397 members University of Arkansas 98,203 followers Northwestern University 170,829 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tarek has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Tarek Dib Monitoring and Evaluation Officer at Ananda Marga Universal Relief Team (AMURT) Ananda Marga Universal Relief Team (AMURT) California State University-East Bay Lebanon 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent •Extensive experience in performing data analysis•Knowledge in developing statistical modeling•Experience in using SAS/ SAS EG to manipulate, analyze and report data•Experience in using R to simulate financial data while enrolling in a computational finance and financial econometrics course at coursera.org website•Experience in using R to develop stochastic processing models and perform Monte Carlo simulation•Experience in using R to perform hypothesis testing and bootstrapping •Experience in tutoring SAS and R for an online course at Texas A&M•Experience in using PowerPoint to present data to managers, ED Chiefs and data consultants •Experience in using Minitab and SPSS to perform ANOVA•Experience in using Excel to create pivot tables and charts, and to develop conditional formatting•In-depth knowledge of probability, statistics, and linear algebra•Knowledge in using Matlab, Microsoft Word, Visio and libreoffice writer and base•Effective verbal and written communication•Knowledge in using MySQL and T-SQL•Knowledge in using Python to explore information•Knowledge in using Tableau for data visualization and reporting See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Tarek’s Articles 1,070 followers Update to My Training and Fundraising! Tarek Dib on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 23, 2016 See all articles Support Syrian Children in Lebanon Tarek Dib on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 29, 2015 Experience Monitoring and Evaluation Officer Company Name Ananda Marga Universal Relief Team (AMURT) Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Beirut, Lebanon Data Analyst Company Name consultant and free lancer Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Data Analyst Consultant Company Name International Rescue Committee Dates Employed Apr 2015 – May 2015 Employment Duration 2 mos Data Analyst Company Name Secours Islamique France Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Beirut, Lebanon Data collection using Open Data Kit (ODK)Data cleaning, manipulating, processing using multiple R packages such as sqldf, plyr and reshape2, and libreoffice calc/ ExcelExploratory data analysis and visualization using multiple R packages such as ggplot2, and libreoffice calc/ ExcelUse of vlookup function and pivot table in libreoffice/ Excel to join multiple data sources/ tables and to summarize data, respectivelyData reporting using knitr and Sweave packages in R, and LaTexFood and non food item price monitoring and evaluationDistribution of cash assistance to economically vulnerable Syrian Refugees and affected Lebanese Database Officer Company Name Secours Islamique France Dates Employed 2014 – 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr See more positions Education California State University-East Bay Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Applied Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Member of the Golden Key International Honour Society Relevant Coursework: SAS Programming, Theory and Application of Regression, Statistical Time Series Analysis, Advanced Stochastic Processes and Simulation, Programming in R, Analysis of Variance Models, Linear Algebra, Advanced Applied Econometrics, Probability Theory, and Statistical Theory University of Nevada-Las Vegas Degree Name Graduate Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Reasearch and Teaching Assistant University of Nevada-Las Vegas Degree Name BS Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2003 Activities and Societies: UNLV Running Club See more education Volunteer Experience Receiving money and other donations after the Haiti Earthquake Disaster in 2010 Company Name American Red Cross Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Jan 2010 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief Received money donationsAnswered phones Sent messages to ask for further help Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 34 endorsements for R 34 R Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Tarek’s colleagues at Kaiser Permanente Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 27 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 27 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Katarina Jovanovic and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Tarek’s colleagues at California State University - East Bay Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 27 endorsements for Data Analysis 27 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Tarek’s colleagues at California State University - East Bay Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Jordan L. Roberts Consultant at Charles M. Salter & Associates February 1, 2010, Tarek worked with Jordan L. in the same group Tarek is well suited for all things technical, has a very positive attitude, and carries projects into completion on time and with precision. Jamil Renno PhD CEng FIMechE FHEA Technical Lead Dynamic Engineering January 31, 2010, Jamil and Tarek were students together I have known Tarek for four years. I first met Tarek in the Strength of Materials class, and he was my project partner. Tarek and I examined the stresses in a traffic pole, and Tarek was instrumental in the successful completion and presentation of the project. Later, we studied regularly and Tarek was always helpful and had insight in the material we were going through. His senior design project won the "best project award", and I can attest that this is a very important award, where projects from all departments of the engineering college compete and the judges are academics and engineers from the industry. I would definitely recommend Tarek: he knows what he is doing, he is hard working, and his communications skills are excellent. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Makram Qader Research Assistant- Arizona State University "Newman Group" November 18, 2013, Tarek worked with Makram but at different companies I have known Makram for more than eight years when I met him at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas where we both attended. Since Day one, it has been a pleasure for me to be around him, and perform school and personal tasks together. Throughout the last eight years I have gotten to know Makram quite well and can thoroughly attest for his character and abilities. Makram loves to help others and to be there for his friends and colleagues at work. I have realized throughout the years that it is a pleasure for his colleagues to work with him because of his pleasant and positive attitude. It seems to me that he makes any task seem fun, easy and interesting. His main goal has always been to simplify complex scientific ideas so that it is easy for people who are not in his profession to understand such ideas.Makram is also curious about many ideas in the field of science, engineering and mathematics. He seems to be always hungry to learn and research more. He is hungry for knowledge! Because he loves to help, he is always willing and looking forward to teaching. Makram is a hard worker who is motivated to bring a wealth of knowledge and skills. I know for sure that Makram would be an excellent fir for any organization. Accomplishments Tarek has 23 certifications 23 Expand certifications section Certifications Machine Learning Developing Data Products Practical Machine Learning Statistical Inference R Programming Getting and Cleaning Data Exploratory Data Analysis Reproducible Research The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Statistics: Making Sense of Data Tarek has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Faculty Development Survey at CSUEB Linear Regression Model: Weight of Babies at Birth Poverty Level and Median Income in the United States in 2010 Tarek has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards The Harriet & Fred Cox Engineering Design Award National Collegiate Engineering Awards Tarek has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English Tarek has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Determination of the Vertical Distribution of Noise Sources in Truck Passbys using Acoustic Beam-Forming Using an Airbladder Seat Shock Isolation System to protect Military Vehicle Occupants From Mine Blasts Interests World Vision 139,755 followers Impact Consulting 1,849 followers The Johns Hopkins University 149,548 followers Econometrica, Inc. 1,474 followers Statistics Without Borders 313 followers GoDaddy 39,264 followers See all See all following
More Actions Branko has a account Branko Kovac Machine Learning Enthusiast • Helping people learn R and Data Science Springboard University of Belgrade, School of Electrical Engineering Serbia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent One small note: I am open to meeting new people, but will not connect with someone just to increase my total number of connections. If we didn't have a chance to meet each other in person, please tell me why would you like to connect with me. Thanks! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Branko’s Articles & Activity 1,103 followers "Pozdrav svima, moje ime je..." a.k.a. predavači na Data Science Conference Branko Kovac on LinkedIn See 2 more articles SmartCat.io presenting at #apachecon in Miami - challenges of monitoring distributed systems, by Nenad Bozic Branko liked A Navy Seal breathing technique you can use to keep calm when coding Branko liked Interesting talks from PyData London 2017 – Srdjan Santic – Medium Branko liked See all activity Experience Data Science Mentor Company Name Springboard Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos I am providing help and assistance to students of the "Foundations of Data Science" course with learning R and breaking into Data Science. In regular weekly video calls I am sharing my enthusiasm for data and trying to give career information which can be useful for data science starters."Foundations of Data Science" course covers topics like data wrangling, data visualization, exploratory data analysis, statistics and basic modeling (feature engineering, linear and logistic regression and k-means clustering) using R. Co Founder Company Name Data Science Srbija Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Serbia Media (1) This position has 1 media Data Science u Srbiji Data Science u Srbiji This media is a document Data Scientist Company Name TradeCore Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Serbia Data Analyst Company Name CUBE Risk Management Solutions Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Belgrade, Serbia Co-Founder & Board Member Company Name Institute of Contemporary Sciences (Institut Savremenih Nauka) Dates Employed Apr 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Serbia Media (1) This position has 1 media Data Science Conference Data Science Conference This media is a link See more positions Education University of Belgrade, School of Electrical Engineering Degree Name Master of Science (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Signals and Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 University of Belgrade, School of Electrical Engineering Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Computer Software Engineering Grade 7.1/10 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Board of European Students of Tehnology - BEST Belgrade Bachelor Thesis: Content Delivery NetworksWorked on several projects during studies:- Web Application for ticketing (JSF + Hibernate + Maven), 2015- Educational Institution Information System (ERWin + MS SQL 2008), 2014- Operating system kernel with time-sharing and multithreading support (C++), 2013- Modeling and development of web applications (PHP + MySQL), 2013 Volunteer Experience Advisory Board Member Company Name Board of European Students of Technology Dates volunteered May 2014 – Oct 2015 Volunteer duration 1 yr 6 mos Cause Education Overseeing implementation of Executive Board annual activity plan and financial stability of BEST Belgrade. Written and oral communication with members of Executive Board, providing feedback and legal advices. Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 36 endorsements for R 36 R Endorsed by Kristina Šekrst and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Branko’s colleagues at Data Science Srbija Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 38 endorsements for Data Analysis 38 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kristina Šekrst and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Branko’s colleagues at Data Science Srbija Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science See 22 endorsements for Data Science 22 Data Science Endorsed by Natalia Potocka, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Branko’s colleagues at Data Science Srbija Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Katarina Milic Senior Marketing Leader May 30, 2016, Katarina worked with Branko but at different companies I’ve first met Branko in 2015 due to partnership opportunity between SAS and Data Science Conference. I was very impressed by Branko’s proactive approach and ability to recognize our business needs within Data Science community in Serbia. I would recommend Branko to any company looking for hardworking, open and positive person with deep knowledge in data science and what does it mean for today’s businesses. Marta Dragović Senior Media and Brand Communication Expert at Sberbank Srbija a.d. Beograd January 28, 2014, Marta worked with Branko but at different companies Branko was a perfect Corporate Relations Coordinator. Always at disposal, giving quick feedback, he made working with BEST Belgrade an easy and positive experience. Branko also gave good suggestions on how to make our Bank more appealing to BEST Belgrade members and also worked himself on promoting our Bank to BEST members. All in all his successor has large shoes to fill in. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Branko has 20 courses 20 Expand courses section Courses Algorithms and Data Structures 1 Computer Architecture Computer Architecture and Organisation 1 Computer Networks Computer Security Computing Fundamentals of the Internet Databases 1 Expert Systems Information Systems 1 Information Systems 2 Branko has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Russian Serbian Branko has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Data Science Conference BEST Design Week 2012 Prva CS Liga Branko has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Board of European Students of Technology - BEST Belgrade Interests Data Science Srbija 234 followers Vienna Data Science Group 16 followers DunavNET 498 followers PANONIT 153 followers Big Data Insights DOO 50 followers TeleSign 9,057 followers See all See all following
More Actions Diederik has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Diederik van Liere Team Lead Data Acquisition at Shopify Shopify Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University Toronto, Ontario, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I love building data products that are actively loved, I think I've seen quite a few anti & design patterns when it comes to building data products so now it's really about avoiding the anti-patterns.@ShopifyWe are building a very solid data organization and looking for smart & hardworking engineers, if you are a data engineer, data modeler or product analyst, please connect to me.My SpecialtiesBig Data: Hadoop (HDFS & Yarn), Spark, Presto, Kafka, Redshift, Hive, SqoopSoftware engineering skills: Scrum, Kanban, UML, ERD, managing (globally) distributed software teamsStatistics: Stata, SPSS, A/B testing, multivariate regression, logistic regressionData: Pattern detection, constructing large longitudinal (social network) datasets;Programming Languages: Python, Java, PHP, Javascript, CWeb: HTML, CSS, XML, JSON See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Team Lead Data Acquisition Company Name Shopify Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Building infrastructure to create low-latency product analytics data pipeline to help frontend teams make more evidence-based decisions.Building infrastructure to feed data from a plethora of sources into HDFS. Data Engineer Company Name Shopify Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area Data plumbing :) Product Manager Analytics Company Name Wikimedia Foundation Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Acted as product-owner and scrum-master for the following products:· Kraken – the first Hadoop cluster that the Wikimedia Foundation operates based on Cloudera's CDH4 distribution. Stack includes Yarn, Hue, Pig, Hive. (github.com/wikimedia/kraken)· Limn – a realtime web-based app to create visualizations without the need to program using d3.js, knockout.js and node.js (github.com/wikimedia/limn)· Wikimetrics – a web-based app for conducting cohort analysis using key performance indicators of our editor base. (github.com/wikimedia/wikimetrics)· Kafka (developed @ LinkedIn)– a robust, guaranteed message delivery system to replace our internal custom built system. External Consultant Company Name Wikimedia Foundation Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo · Responsible for mapping community dynamics and building analytics platform.· Organized in collaboration with Kaggle the Wikipedia's Participation Challenge (http://www.kaggle.com/c/wikichallenge) Post-doctoral Researcher Company Name Rotman School of Management, University Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs · Initiated and oversaw development rotmansocialcapital.ca: Web application to map social networks within large firms and diagnose bottlenecks; Result: large Canadian mobile phone operator improved cross business unit collaboration· Designed and executed research to analyze which factors determine time required, using survival time analysis, to fix software bugs in Firefox using 500K bug reports.· Constructed various datasets, varying in size between 60K and 800K observations, used in top-tier management journals· Initiated and oversaw development of Bullfrog (Web spider) to collect unstructured data, size 4.5K SLOC· Documented specifications, selected and managed offshore small team of software engineers· Initiated and developed Mappian: a Web application to conduct social network surveys , size 20K SLOC. Technologies used: Python, Django, MySQL See more positions Education Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2007 Thesis: Network Horizon and the Dynamics of Network Positions: A Multi-Method Multi-Level Longitudinal Study of Interfirm Networks.Thesis is available at http://publishing.eur.nl/ir/repub/asset/10181/EPS2007105LIS905892139VAN%20LIERE.pdf University of Toronto - Rotman School of Management Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2006 Worked on a research project, result is available at: http://ssrn.com/author=728001 Erasmus University Rotterdam Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2002 Specialization: Information ManagementRelevant coursework: Database Design, Software Architecture, Statistics &amp; Project Management See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 65 endorsements for Python 65 Python Endorsed by Ori Livneh and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Diederik’s colleagues at Shopify Click and drag to reorder skills MySQL See 38 endorsements for MySQL 38 MySQL Endorsed by Patrick Reilly and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Diederik’s colleagues at Shopify Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 31 endorsements for Data Analysis 31 Data Analysis Endorsed by Dario Taraborelli, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Diederik’s colleagues at Shopify Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Louis Dang Software Development Engineer at Amazon January 8, 2013, Diederik managed Louis directly Louis approached me requesting to volunteer for the Analytics Team at Wikipedia and he has proven to be a very skilled, pro-active and helpful software engineer. He has written Pig UDF's in Java and has helped us debug our CDH4 based Oozie and Hadoop installation. He is a great asset for any Big Data team! Jasper Voskuilen Sharepoint Developer at Macaw April 20, 2008, Diederik managed Jasper directly Jasper has very strong skills in both developing and programming software and is able to quickly master new programming languages if required. A pleasure to work with! Accomplishments Diederik has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Dutch English Interests OPEN everything 157 members University at Buffalo 148,226 followers RSM PhD 141 members Wikimedia Foundation 12,341 followers Brandeis University 42,832 followers Social Network Analysis in Practice 6,651 members See all See all following
More Actions David Strong has a account David Strong - Reporting Data Analyst Associate Report Analyst at UnitedHealth Group UnitedHealth Group Techskills-Fort Worth, TX Greater St. Louis Area 63 63 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent REPORTING Microsoft Access Database, Quest Geo Access, MapInfo, Oracle and SQL Server PROGRAMMING SQL, Easytrieve Plus, COBOL, Visual Basic, Access Database VBADESKTOP AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT Hardware, Windows Software and Mainframe CALL CENTER CLASSROOM TEACHING WORK HISTORY https://goo.gl/photos/995Qp8yVyBeceewR6RESUME https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BwOyQkbeZysjZWlyeW51YjNRMTg See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Associate Report Analyst Company Name UnitedHealth Group Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Reporting Business Analyst Company Name Magellan Health Services Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 7 yrs 7 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area • Developed reports in Microsoft Access, Quest Geo Access, MapInfo, Oracle and SQL Server • Gathered User Requirements, Coded, Tested and Documented reports for clients• Queried data bases to extract information needed to develop reports• Supported RFP's, new implementations, data comparisons of client datasets and auditsLayoff position eliminated 4/2016 Technical Support Help Desk Company Name Convergys Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Convergys, St. Louis - Hazelwood, MO. (6/07-10/08)* Help Desk Technical Support for national clients Comcast and Insight High-Speed Internet* Customer Service problem resolution includes Remedy ticket tracking system* Troubleshooting of user network connections, modems and routers Contract PC Tech / Desktop Help Support Company Name Contract Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo * Field Technician for CoreStaff and SmartSource* PC troubleshooting, repair, relocation, inventory tracking, and drive upgrades (network image downloads)* Hardware And Software - Installation and upgrades of PC hardware, all windows operating systems (including Server 2003) Student Company Name Technical School - Techskills, Fort Worth, TX Dates Employed Dec 2004 – May 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Completed Technical Certifications * Microsoft MCSA Systems Administrator (Server 2003)* Microsoft MCDST Desktop XP Technician* CompTIA A+ PC Technician See more positions Education Techskills-Fort Worth, TX Field Of Study Microsoft and CompTIA Certifications Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Completed Technical Certifications - Microsoft MCSA Systems Administrator (Server 2003), Microsoft MCDST Desktop XP Technician and CompTIA A+ PC Technician University of Missouri-Saint Louis Field Of Study Windows Desktop Programming Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Completed Classes in Windows Programming - Visual Basic, Microsoft Access Database, HTML, ASP, and Javascript (Intro, Intermediate and Advanced) Southern Illinois University, Edwardsville Field Of Study MIS Mgt Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 Graduate Studies in Management Information Systems - completed all of the required coursework (Programming, Applications, Database, and Systems Analysis and Design) See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Access See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Access 1 Microsoft Access Sandy Gorenstein has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 4 endorsements for Databases 4 Databases Sandy Gorenstein and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Programming See 1 endorsement for Programming 1 Programming Grey Oji has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Michele Whiting Desktop Workstation Support Analyst without a position April 10, 2009, David Strong worked with Michele in the same group David is an asset to any environment. His interpersonal skills and technical knowledge make him invaluable as a support assistant as well as an excellent colleague. His dedication in the face of adverse conditions prove him of fine metal for any environment. Kevin Shen IT Support Specialist (Contractor with Cap Gemini) at Monsanto Company December 11, 2007, David Strong worked with Kevin in the same group David is a very knowledgeable and hard-working technician. He is a good person to work with and has an excellent professional demeanor both with his team mates and with the managers whom he reports to. He also takes the extra initiative and helps out his team mates when they need his help. Therefore, I very highly recommend him to any employer and/or hiring manager, as he will be an excellent asset and addition to your organization. Michele Whiting Desktop Workstation Support Analyst without a position February 23, 2009, Michele worked with David Strong in the same group In working with Michele Whiting in Technical Customer Support, I found her to have a great combination of technical skills and interpersonal communication.Her valuable computer skills and realistic, no-nonsense approach to solving problems allows her to quickly resolve a wide range of problems as they arise ... something that's especially important in meeting either the needs of the company, a client, or the general public.She’s conscientious and keeps a positive attitude at work, which makes it easy for her to support her team mates whenever they ask for her help or advice, and she is willing to accomidate the needs and demands of the job as they change.Her ability to meet any situation in a positive light, her experience in working with the general public and her unique set of computer and programming skills would make her an asset to any employer and an excellent addition to your organization.Sincerely,David StrongBusiness Analyst , Programmer, Computer Technical Support Accomplishments Interests Millikin University 15,064 followers Richland College 25,730 followers Tableau Software Fans and Friends 40,386 members Richland College 24,929 followers Southern Illinois University Edwardsville 56,636 followers UnitedHealth Group 366,095 followers See all See all following
More Actions Diederik has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Diederik van Liere Team Lead Data Acquisition at Shopify Shopify Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University Toronto, Ontario, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I love building data products that are actively loved, I think I've seen quite a few anti & design patterns when it comes to building data products so now it's really about avoiding the anti-patterns.@ShopifyWe are building a very solid data organization and looking for smart & hardworking engineers, if you are a data engineer, data modeler or product analyst, please connect to me.My SpecialtiesBig Data: Hadoop (HDFS & Yarn), Spark, Presto, Kafka, Redshift, Hive, SqoopSoftware engineering skills: Scrum, Kanban, UML, ERD, managing (globally) distributed software teamsStatistics: Stata, SPSS, A/B testing, multivariate regression, logistic regressionData: Pattern detection, constructing large longitudinal (social network) datasets;Programming Languages: Python, Java, PHP, Javascript, CWeb: HTML, CSS, XML, JSON See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Team Lead Data Acquisition Company Name Shopify Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Building infrastructure to create low-latency product analytics data pipeline to help frontend teams make more evidence-based decisions.Building infrastructure to feed data from a plethora of sources into HDFS. Data Engineer Company Name Shopify Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area Data plumbing :) Product Manager Analytics Company Name Wikimedia Foundation Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Acted as product-owner and scrum-master for the following products:· Kraken – the first Hadoop cluster that the Wikimedia Foundation operates based on Cloudera's CDH4 distribution. Stack includes Yarn, Hue, Pig, Hive. (github.com/wikimedia/kraken)· Limn – a realtime web-based app to create visualizations without the need to program using d3.js, knockout.js and node.js (github.com/wikimedia/limn)· Wikimetrics – a web-based app for conducting cohort analysis using key performance indicators of our editor base. (github.com/wikimedia/wikimetrics)· Kafka (developed @ LinkedIn)– a robust, guaranteed message delivery system to replace our internal custom built system. External Consultant Company Name Wikimedia Foundation Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo · Responsible for mapping community dynamics and building analytics platform.· Organized in collaboration with Kaggle the Wikipedia's Participation Challenge (http://www.kaggle.com/c/wikichallenge) Post-doctoral Researcher Company Name Rotman School of Management, University Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs · Initiated and oversaw development rotmansocialcapital.ca: Web application to map social networks within large firms and diagnose bottlenecks; Result: large Canadian mobile phone operator improved cross business unit collaboration· Designed and executed research to analyze which factors determine time required, using survival time analysis, to fix software bugs in Firefox using 500K bug reports.· Constructed various datasets, varying in size between 60K and 800K observations, used in top-tier management journals· Initiated and oversaw development of Bullfrog (Web spider) to collect unstructured data, size 4.5K SLOC· Documented specifications, selected and managed offshore small team of software engineers· Initiated and developed Mappian: a Web application to conduct social network surveys , size 20K SLOC. Technologies used: Python, Django, MySQL See more positions Education Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2007 Thesis: Network Horizon and the Dynamics of Network Positions: A Multi-Method Multi-Level Longitudinal Study of Interfirm Networks.Thesis is available at http://publishing.eur.nl/ir/repub/asset/10181/EPS2007105LIS905892139VAN%20LIERE.pdf University of Toronto - Rotman School of Management Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2006 Worked on a research project, result is available at: http://ssrn.com/author=728001 Erasmus University Rotterdam Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2002 Specialization: Information ManagementRelevant coursework: Database Design, Software Architecture, Statistics &amp; Project Management See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 65 endorsements for Python 65 Python Endorsed by Ori Livneh and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Diederik’s colleagues at Shopify Click and drag to reorder skills MySQL See 38 endorsements for MySQL 38 MySQL Endorsed by Patrick Reilly and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Diederik’s colleagues at Shopify Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 31 endorsements for Data Analysis 31 Data Analysis Endorsed by Dario Taraborelli and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Diederik’s colleagues at Shopify Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Louis Dang Software Development Engineer at Amazon January 8, 2013, Diederik managed Louis directly Louis approached me requesting to volunteer for the Analytics Team at Wikipedia and he has proven to be a very skilled, pro-active and helpful software engineer. He has written Pig UDF's in Java and has helped us debug our CDH4 based Oozie and Hadoop installation. He is a great asset for any Big Data team! Jasper Voskuilen Sharepoint Developer at Macaw April 20, 2008, Diederik managed Jasper directly Jasper has very strong skills in both developing and programming software and is able to quickly master new programming languages if required. A pleasure to work with! Accomplishments Diederik has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Dutch English Interests Brandeis University 45,747 followers Brandeis University 42,832 followers RSM PhD 141 members TED: Ideas Worth Spreading - Unofficial 839,115 members Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University 45,067 followers #TeamLeadTO 46 members See all See all following
More Actions Dan has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Dan Frank Data Scientist Airbnb Stanford University San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent [ NOTE TO RECRUITERS: I've just started working at Airbnb and am not interested in other job inquiries at this time ]Applied Mathematician/Data Scientist interested in turning sophisticated math and big data into real world solutions.Specialties: Statistics, Machine Learning, Predictive Modeling, Analytics See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Airbnb Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Data Scientist Company Name Yelp Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Graduate Student Company Name Stanford University Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Stanford, CA PhD candidate at the Institute for Computational and Mathematical Engineering. Data Science/Analytics Intern Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Menlo Park Data Scientist Intern Company Name Twitter Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area ◾ Designed end-to-end system for Twitter event detection including data gathering, signal definition,burst/peak detection, signal clustering and metric based evaluation See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name M.S., Ph.D Field Of Study Computational Mathematics & Engineering Grade Cumulative GPA: 4.07 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Passed 6 Qualifying Exams in Linear Algebra, Optimization, Discrete Math, Stochastics and Partial Differential Equations with additional coursework concentrated in Modern Statistics and Machine Learning University of California, Berkeley Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Applied Mathematics (emphasis in Statistics & Economics) Grade Cumulative GPA: 3.92, Applied Mathematics GPA: 3.97 Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Graduated with Highest Honors, requiring graduate-level coursework Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 21 endorsements for Statistics 21 Statistics Endorsed by Gregory Duncan and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Dan’s colleagues at Airbnb Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 11 endorsements for Machine Learning 11 Machine Learning Endorsed by Reza Zadeh and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Dan’s colleagues at Yelp Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 11 endorsements for Python 11 Python Endorsed by Eugene Brevdo and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Dan’s colleagues at Airbnb Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dan has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Yelp’s Top 100 Places to Eat in the U.S. for 2015 CME 193: Introduction to Scientific Python Dan has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Modern Applied Statistics: Elements of Statistical Learning Dan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Dan has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Knowledge Repo Interests Airbnb 359,262 followers University of California, Berkeley 521,273 followers Data Scientists 49,117 members The Climate Corporation 11,241 followers University of California (Berkeley) Alumni 23,418 members Facebook 1,533,678 followers See all See all following
More Actions Arpy has a account Arpy Mikaelian Lead Data Analyst at Shazam Shazam University of California, Davis San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Detail oriented, results driven data analyst passionate about investigating, interpreting, and effectively communicating actionable insights from a variety of data including mobile metrics, market research, social media, and online advertising. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Lead Data Analyst Company Name Shazam Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos My role includes driving insights, identifying trends and providing data-driven recommendations for various product areas. Responsibilities include creating, standardizing, and managing 3rd party reporting and analytics, communicating insights to internal product, sales, and marketing teams, and effectively conveying feature performance to high-stake clients. Nielsen Twitter TV Ratings Lead Data Analyst, Measurement Science Company Name Nielsen Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area I offered effective analyses and communicate insightful results to drive excellence for Nielsen Twitter TV Ratings (NTTR). In pursuit of MRC accreditation, I developed various test plans, measurement practices, conduct analyses on large sets of social media data, and served as a reference for methodology related inquiries. I was also involved in demographic modeling methods and verification processes. The collaboration this product entailed among Nielsen, SocialGuide, and Twitter created a unique and dynamic environment which served to strengthen teamwork and communication.As a direct report to the VP of Global Digital Measurement Science, I led weekly team meetings, given technical presentations to managers, and was involved in product development procedures. Statistical Data Analyst, Measurement Science Company Name Nielsen Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Organize, investigate, and analyze large sets of data pertaining to various market research products, most currently Nielsen Twitter TV Ratings (NTTR). Past product experience includes:Buzz Metrics: Social Media data -Trend analysis for methodology updates -Precision/recall testing -Vertical tuning testing -Sentiment analysis -Demographic testingAdRelevance and mobile Ad Relevance: Online advertising data -Analyzed impression/spend metrics -Created SQL scripts to extract, calculate, and verify reported numbers from various databasesService Quality (previously Consumer Experience): Mobile voice and data metrics -Conducted effective impact analyses, trend shift analyses, and investigative problem-solving -Created SQL queries to calculate various mobile metrics to compare against reports -Created instrumental coverage maps using MapInfo to visually compare mobile coverage Education University of California, Davis Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Lead Graduate Student Association Representative, UC Davis Math Dept. Thesis “Evolutionary Analysis of DNase I HS Sites in the ENCODE Regions of the Human Genome.” -Utilized statistical and mathematical analysis tools to analyze an extensive set of data gathered in search of accelerated evolution in the human branch using phylogenetic trees.Selected coursework: applied analysis, statistics, applied probability, numerical solutions to diﬀerential equations, numerical linear algebra, applied bioinformatics. University of California, Santa Barbara Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: -Selected to participate in the Applied Mathematical Sciences Summer Institute research experience for undergraduates during the summer of of my junior year Volunteer Experience Leader for Coat Drive Company Name One Warm Coat Dates volunteered Dec 2012 – Dec 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Volunteer Company Name San Francisco and Marin Food Banks Dates volunteered Jun 2012 – Jun 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Volunteer Company Name Second Harvest Food Bank Dates volunteered Jun 2013 – Jun 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 16 endorsements for Data Analysis 16 Data Analysis Endorsed by Paty Millán and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Arpy’s colleagues at Nielsen Click and drag to reorder skills Market Research See 13 endorsements for Market Research 13 Market Research Endorsed by Brian Monighetti, Product Leader, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Arpy’s colleagues at Nielsen Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 9 endorsements for SQL 9 SQL Endorsed by 4 of Arpy’s colleagues at Nielsen Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Austin Albino Director, Data Science December 18, 2013, Arpy worked with Austin in the same group Arpy is a highly-skilled analyst with a strong skill set that spans a diverse set of data tools and methods. Those skills are backed by a strong and intuitive aptitude for understanding and attacking big-picture research questions. Arpy also has the complementary written and verbal communication skills to relay research findings to audiences with, or without, a quantitative background. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Arpy has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Special Award "Simply Excellent" Award Block Grant National Science Foundation VIGRE Fellowship Research Poster Award Arpy has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations Golden Gate Toastmasters Women in Science and Engineering Scout Leader Women in Nielsen Arpy has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Alcohol’s Eﬀect on Neuron Firing Interests Shazam 31,070 followers Nielsen Mobile 256 followers Google 4,871,486 followers Machine Learning and Data Science 60,871 members University of California, Davis 210,323 followers Kaggle 30,760 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paco has a account Paco Gonzalez Corporate Center of Excellence, Director & Partner at SolidQ. Microsoft Data Platform MVP SolidQ Kennesaw State University, Gerogia, USA Greater Atlanta Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Paco, a SolidQ Mentor based in Atlanta, is the PASS Big Data Virtual Chapter Leader, SQL Saturday Barcelona Organizer and assistant at the PASS Atlanta BI User Group. He is finishing his PhD thesis about: "Analyzing Social Data with Machine Learning." He is an MCT and MCP on BizTalk Server and SQL Server. He is coauthor of Microsoft Training Kit 441. Paco is a frequent speaker at large and small conferences. SQL Saturdays, TechEds, PASS BA Chicago, PASS BA San Jose, DevWeek London, and PAW Chicago and London. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Paco’s Articles & Activity 2,235 followers R & SQL Server 2016 Paco Gonzalez on LinkedIn See all articles You're not a Data Scientist Paco commented Kevin Feasel: Kafka for .NET Developers Paco shared this See all activity Experience Corporate Center of Excellence, North America Advanced Analytics. Director. Company Name SolidQ Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Microsoft Data Platform MVP Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Redmond, WA Media (1) This position has 1 media Microsoft Most Valuable Professional Microsoft Most Valuable Professional This media is an image Big Data Virtual Chapter Leader Company Name Professional Association for SQL Server (PASS) Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location bigdata.sqlpass.org North America Mentor Company Name SolidQ Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Atlanta Area Business Analytics / Data Mining Mentor Company Name SolidQ Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 7 yrs 11 mos Location London, United Kingdom See more positions Education Kennesaw State University, Gerogia, USA Degree Name Project Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 Universidad de Murcia, Spain Degree Name Computer Engineer Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2004 Activities and Societies: 5 Year Degree Mohawk High School, NY, USA See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 75 endorsements for Business Intelligence 75 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Douglas McDowell and 23 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 26 of Paco’s colleagues at SolidQ Click and drag to reorder skills SSRS See 44 endorsements for SSRS 44 SSRS Javier Recasens and 43 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis Services See 40 endorsements for Analysis Services 40 Analysis Services Endorsed by Pedro Perfeito, CBIP and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Paco’s colleagues at SolidQ Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Craig Smart CTO & Co-Owner @ Omniavate October 25, 2014, Craig was a client of Paco’s Paco's knowledge of DBMSs is amazing - only paralleled by his ability to communicate complex ideas in a manner that is easy to consume. If you want a professional that truly understands data (whether big or small) he is your man. Salvador Ramos BI & Analytics | Consultor y Profesor | Te ayudo a AUTOMATIZAR la actualización de tus Cuadros de Mando January 31, 2011, Salvador worked with Paco in the same group Salva produce un gran cantidad de contenido que hace mi trabajo mas sencillo en el campo de BI, mi primera busqueda es la pregunta en cuestión seguido de Salvador Ramos. Siempre encuentro una respuesta sencilla a mi gran problema. You fui uno de los que aprendio SSAS con su mini manual hace ya años. "Hola Cubo". Accomplishments Paco has 9 certifications 9 Expand certifications section Certifications MCSA: SQL Server 2012 MCPS: Microsoft Certified Professional MCITP: Business Intelligence Developer on SQL Server 2005 MCTS: Microsoft SQL Server 2005, Business Intelligence Development MCITP: Database Developer on SQL Server 2005 MCTS: Biztalk Server 2006, Custom Applications MCTS: SQL Server 2005 MCTS: BizTalk Server 2004, Custom Applications MCSE: Business Intelligence Interests Pulse 1,535,216 followers Amazon 2,206,417 followers SolidQ 2,366 followers PASS - The Community for Data Professionals 1,923 followers Directivos y Dirigentes España (Spain Leadership Network) 167,089 members Burns Sheehan 12,695 followers See all See all following
More Actions Corey has a account Corey Donahue Coordinator of School Performance at Oakland Unified School District Oakland Unified School District Washington University in St. Louis San Francisco Bay Area 341 341 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am passionate about closing the opportunity gap in urban school districts. I am currently a Coordinator of School Performance in the Office of Continuous School Improvement at the Oakland Unified School District. I previously was an Education Pioneers Analyst Fellow with the Talent Division of the Oakland Unified School District. Prior to that, I was the Special Associate to the President for the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching, an education non-profit in the Bay Area. I graduated summa cum laude from Washington University in St. Louis, with majors in Political Science and Economics. I possess experience with leadership, research, writing, editing, and planning events. I am highly motivated, hard-working, and have strong analytical skills. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Coordinator, School Performance Company Name Oakland Unified School District Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Oakland, CA Provide oversight and project management support in the public rollout of the School Performance FrameworkProvide project management support and technical assistance in the development and dissemination of communication collateral associated with the School Performance Framework and relevant continuous school improvement activitiesProvide technical assistance in the development of centrally provided professional development and training associated with essential school performance and data driven cycles of inquiryProvide project management support to coordinate the development of an Alternative Education, Continuation High School performance framework and project management support to the Equity Pledge Performance working group designing a Charter School Performance FrameworkProvide coordination support of public access activities and communication to district managed data dashboards and internally accessible data dashboards aligned to the school performance frameworkConduct stakeholder engagement events and activities as well as document and incorporate relevant input and feedback to inform district practices associated with school performance and continuous school improvement Represent the district in central office leadership meetings, school-based engagements and community-based engagements associated with school performanceComplete relevant school performance tasks under the direction of the Office of Communications and the Research, Assessment, and Data department Program and Data Analyst Company Name Oakland Unified School District Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Oakland, CA Redesigned the onboarding experience of new employees by creating a website containing detailed information on OUSD policies, improving business processes, and introducing new scheduling tools.Analyzed data on both district- and employee-initiated teacher absences in order to provide better substitute supports for teachers and to ensure continuity in classroom management when possible.Provided strategic guidance on operational readiness and end-user support for the Talent Division’s planned implementation of Workday, a human capital management system. Analyst Fellow Company Name Education Pioneers Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Oakland, CA Special Associate to the President Company Name Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Stanford, CA • Provide strategic support for the president and leadership team by improving internal management, communication, and execution of the Foundation’s strategy• Managed the execution of three all-staff week-long programs• Led multiple research projects on topics such as ambitious instruction in the Common Core and how policy can support the use of continuous improvement• Extensively edited and managed the writing of a forthcoming book, Learning to Improve Post-Baccalaureate Fellow, Executive Administration Company Name Carnegie Foundation Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Stanford, CA See more positions Education Washington University in St. Louis Degree Name BA Field Of Study Political Science and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Co-Editor-in-Chief of the Washington University Political Review, Member of the Honorary Scholars Society, Member of the City Faces After-School Tutoring Program University of Oxford, Jesus College Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Oxford Union, Member 2011 Spring Semester Study Abroad Program Radnor High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 17 endorsements for Research 17 Research Endorsed by George Bitsakakis, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Corey’s colleagues at Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching Click and drag to reorder skills Editing See 14 endorsements for Editing 14 Editing Endorsed by Danielle Harlan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Corey’s colleagues at Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching Click and drag to reorder skills Political Science See 9 endorsements for Political Science 9 Political Science Endorsed by Danielle Harlan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Corey’s colleagues at Washington University in St. Louis Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations JinJa Birkenbeuel Chief Executive Officer December 19, 2016, Corey was a client of JinJa’s JinJa Birkenbeuel worked as a consulting agency with Oakland Unified School District to develop a new brand, graphic design, artwork and accompanying collateral for our new School Performance Framework system. What stood out about her work for us was her attention to process, schedule and of course design detail. She is very knowledgeable about the education space, diversity and the best ways to communicate effectively for varying literacy levels and cultural experiences. She spent time discussing strategy and outcomes, and then applied that knowledge to develop several creative approaches for our new initiative. I enjoyed working with JinJa and would recommend her for any new branding or campaign launch and implementation. Accomplishments Interests Washington University in St. Louis 108,404 followers Washington University in St. Louis School of Law 23,539 followers Pulse 1,535,216 followers University of Oxford 277,160 followers Oakland Unified School District 5,926 followers Education Pioneers 13,612 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Lucero Business Intelligence Professional ViaSat Inc. California State University-Fullerton Greater Denver Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an innovative and passionate hands-on leader with a record of success in transforming data into real business value. By building and maintaining key partnerships between business and IT stakeholders, I drive the strategic agenda and required cultural changes that enable organizations to develop world-class business intelligence solutions that provide actionable insights leading to competitive advantages, increased profitability, improved customer satisfaction, higher productivity, and improved processes. I thrive in nimble organizations that empower employees and are constantly willing to re-evaluate the status quo. Specialties: Cross-Functional Leadership, Strategy, Business Intelligence, Performance Management, Data Governance, Process Improvement, Database Management Systems, Data Warehousing, Project Management, Agile Software Development Methodology, Data Visualization, Dashboards, Microsoft SQL Server, Power BI, SharePoint, Tableau Software See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Michael’s Activity 626 followers Looking for an artist that can illustrate pin-up girls in the style of Alberto Vargas. Michael liked See all activity Experience Business Reporting Manager Company Name ViaSat Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater Denver Area Associate Director of Business Intelligence and Analytics Company Name AT&T Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Responsible for defining and executing Cricket’s Business Intelligence vision, strategy, and roadmap. Identify key value drivers for a portfolio of BI solutions and harvest the benefits to demonstrate return on investment (ROI). Provide consultative services across business units, identify and define metrics and key performance indicators for performance management initiatives, and build strategic, tactical, and operational reporting and analytic solutions that deliver actionable insights to leadership and allow information workers to manage their products and day-to-day activities. • Data Governance • Enterprise Dashboard Development Program • Coach and Inspire Team• Dashboards, Scorecards, and Data Visualizations • BI Center of Excellence • Tableau Software• SQL Server • Power BI • Data Zen • Sharepoint• Microsoft BI Stack and Tableau• Facilitator for AT&T's Tableau User Group Business Intelligence Manager (Marketing Analytics) Company Name Cricket Wireless Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Denver Area Responsible for providing analytical support and reporting for Marketing and Sales Operations business units. Accountable for leading a team of Business Intelligence Analysts/Developers, partnering with senior business leaders and various teams within IT to design and deliver tailored solutions in multiple environments to meet emerging business needs. Lead Data Analyst Company Name DIRECTV Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Denver Area Supported internal organization and external partners in decision-making on key strategic initiatives by analyzing, designing, building, testing and implementing analytics reports and interactive dashboards. Served as liaison between business leaders and Business Intelligence to define and communicate business objectives, data needs, and report requirements. • Remodeled OBIEE Dashboard structure, reducing 36 segments to 22; Created and reworked over 200 reports during 1 year project span• Administrated creation, schedule, and distribution of 65-95 daily automated reports. Financial Analyst II Company Name Cricket Wireless Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Provided reporting, ad-hoc analysis, developed SQL queries and performed data mining from multiple sources across the enterprise for decision support. Analysis ranged from customer survival, tenure, life time value, demographics, average revenue per user (arpu), what-if scenarios, and optimization. Supported Enterprise Project Management Office (EPMO) by performing cost-benefit analysis for business cases and developed queries and reports to track performance results for implemented projects. • Participated in Joint Application Development (JAD) sessions to assist Data Management team with Business Intelligence tool platform migration from Business Objects to Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition (OBIEE).• Assisted in developing the company’s business case process. See more positions Education California State University-Fullerton Degree Name Bachelors of Business Administration Field Of Study Finance • International Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 37 endorsements for Business Intelligence 37 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Sam Lexington and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at ViaSat Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Cross-functional Team Leadership See 28 endorsements for Cross-functional Team Leadership 28 Cross-functional Team Leadership Endorsed by Kene Golden, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at ViaSat Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 23 endorsements for Analytics 23 Analytics Endorsed by Sam Lexington, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at ViaSat Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Vivek Vazhappanalil Accomplished Business Intelligence Manager August 29, 2016, Michael worked with Vivek but at different companies A true all around business intelligence professional and friend who provided tremendous value to our organization.I had the pleasure of working with Vivek while establishing our Business Intelligence foundations at Cricket Wireless. Vivek lead our initial efforts of establishing Data Governance, establishing an end-to-end Dashboard Implementation process, and providing our business users with access to company's data models. Vivek demonstrated mastery in his field, fought some tough battles for us, and always did what was best for my team and the company. The time I spend with Vivek changed my career and helped me perfect my craft. By the end of our engagement with Deloitte, I was prepared to own the initiatives Vivek and team had helped to establish. I would highly recommend Vivek and would welcome the opportunity to work with him again in the future. Kiran Hombaiah Data Architect at Macy's August 29, 2016, Michael worked with Kiran in different groups A true business intelligence professional who provided great value to our business and IT organizations. He will be missed.I had the pleasure of working with Kiran at Cricket Wireless. Kiran was my team's 'go-to-guy' when there were questions or needs surrounding our company's Data Warehouse and relational database management system. He pays close attention to your questions and requests, and provides thorough consultation to ensure he captures both context and scope. Kiran is a real pleasure to work with. I would highly recommend Kiran and would welcome the opportunity to work with him in the future. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Michael has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Performance Improvement Professional Excel Data Analysis: Forecasting Microsoft Business Intelligence Stack Fundamentals Power BI Features in Depth Becoming a Triple-Threat Project Manager edX Verified Certificate for Data Science Orientation Michael has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Develop SharePoint 2013 Dealer Portal Enterprise Data Warehouse Re-Design Lead Internal SharePoint / SQL Server 2012 Integration for MS BI Stack Michael has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Michael has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Star Award of Excellence Interests Analytics | Big Data | Business Intelligence | Data Science | Data Analysis | Data Visualization 12,868 members Business Intelligence Professionals (BI, Big Data, Analytics, IoT) 241,942 members AT&T Business 129,756 followers The KPI Institute 3,289 followers Tableau Software 201,838 followers Alteryx 36,464 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Foley Data Consultant at Kaiser Permanente Kaiser Permanente UC Berkeley School of Information Washington D.C. Metro Area 167 167 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Data Consultant Company Name Kaiser Permanente Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Data Analyst Company Name Kaiser Permanente Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Develop SAS programs to analyze clinical and claims dataPresent analysis using Tableau, Excel, and HTMLBuild predictive and descriptive models using SAS Enterprise Miner Senior Research Analyst Company Name The Lewin Group Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Develop SAS programs to manipulate, sample, and calculate error rates for Medicaid and Veterans Affairs claims dataProvide analysis and policy recommendations based on error rate calculation resultsPresent statistical testing results and methodology to clients Education UC Berkeley School of Information Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Information and Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2018 University of Pittsburgh Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 University of Pittsburgh Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements SAS See 8 endorsements for SAS 8 SAS Leah R. Abrams and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Teradata See 2 endorsements for Teradata 2 Teradata Leah R. Abrams and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Oracle Oracle No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kevin has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language German Interests Pulse 1,535,218 followers University of Pittsburgh 170,695 followers University of Pittsburgh 184,806 followers SAS Professional Forum 43,695 members Kaiser Permanente 322,499 followers UC Berkeley School of Information 1,746 followers See all See all following
More Actions Robert has a account Robert Stinner, MBA Compliance & Merchandising Analyst Cigars International Robert Morris University Allentown, Pennsylvania Area 377 377 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am currently seeking a new opportunity. Feel free to reach out: rgstinner@gmail.comI am a finance professional with five of years experience as an internal auditor, and three-plus years of experience in other financial/data analyst roles. My strengths include financial/data analysis, investigative analysis, control structure review and development, risk management, and strategic planning. I would love the chance to continue my career in an analytics role of some kind, but I am also open to all types of opportunities. I have tried to expand my range of knowledge beyond finance and audit by taking independent courses online. Many of these courses were focused on the digital advertising arena - a field that fascinates me. I am now close to completing my Digital Marketing Certificate through Coursera.org, and am also seeking opportunities in digital advertising as well. Beyond my professional background, I enjoy writing, comedy, traveling, reading, and soccer. I have taken several writing courses online, and am fortunate to be a contributor to the Second City's After Dark with Julian Clark late night show. Finally, I am a volunteer soccer coach with Parkland Area Soccer Club.Skills/Knowledge: Key Performance Indicators, Budgeting, Forecasting, Financial Analysis, Data Analysis, Strategic Planning, Risk Management, Written/Verbal Communication, Editing, Social Media, Process Improvement See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Compliance & Merchandising Analyst Company Name Cigars International Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Bethlehem, PA Collected data for registration of new and predicate products in preparation of new FDA regulations of cigar industry. Substitute Teacher Company Name Saucon Valley School District Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Associate Company Name Bed Bath & Beyond Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Inventory Audit Analyst Company Name Olympus Corporation of the Americas Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Center Valley, PA Marketing and Communications (Part Time) Company Name Lehigh Valley Bat Works/CustomMiniBats.com Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Allentown, Pennsylvania Area •Maintain social media presence for Lehigh Valley Bat Works including writing and editing Twitter and Facebook account updates•Write and edit quarterly newsletters sent to current and prospective customers See more positions Education Robert Morris University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Administration and Management Grade 3.97 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Robert Morris University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Finance/Economics & Accounting Grade 3.78 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Minor, International Business Media (1) This position has 1 media Inflation: A Comparative Study of Control and Student Perception in the United States and United Kingdom Inflation: A Comparative Study of Control and Student Perception in the United States and United Kingdom This media is a document Robert Morris University Degree Name Minor Field Of Study International Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 See more education Volunteer Experience Coach Company Name Parkland Area Soccer Club Dates volunteered Aug 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 10 mos Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 10 Microsoft Excel Stephanie Alvarado and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Writing See 6 endorsements for Writing 6 Writing Holly Wortell and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media See 16 endorsements for Social Media 16 Social Media Fiorillo Sharon M. and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Mary Mackay PNC - Senior Risk Officer II June 28, 2012, Mary was senior to Robert but didn’t manage directly I had the pleasure of working with Rob on an audit assignment, and appreciate his ability to meet deadlines, deliver a quality product and interact well with other team members. Rob conducts himself professionally, and I would recommend him for any audit assignment. Tim Miklos Artist/Illustrator/Painter, iPaint Airbrush Studio October 29, 2011, Tim was a client of Robert’s Robert was one of the best on my sales staff. He was very personable and pleasant with all of our customers and an overall great guy. Tim Miklos Artist/Illustrator/Painter, iPaint Airbrush Studio March 14, 2012, Robert reported directly to Tim Tim was a great manager at Air 2 Art. He always handled the balancing act of carrying out his responsibilities as both the manager of the store and as an artist very well. His work speaks for itself as well. It was always top class and done very well. This was certainly one of my favorite jobs I've had. Accomplishments Robert has 12 certifications 12 Expand certifications section Certifications Goalkeeping Level 1 Diploma Digital Marketing Channels: Planning Digital Marketing Channels: The Landscape Digital Analytics for Marketing Professionals: Marketing Analytics in Practice Digital Analytics for Marketing Professionals: Marketing Analytics in Theory Marketing in a Digital World Introduction to Philosophy The Language of Hollywood: Storytelling, Sound, and Color Advertising and Society An Introduction to Marketing Robert has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Creative Nonfiction Creative Writing Humor Writing Improv 101 Intro to Screenwriting Write, Act, Direct, Produce Writing for Late Night TV & Talk Shows Writing for Late Night Television and Talk Shows II Robert has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Society for American Baseball Research American Economic Association PNC Recognizing Emerging Professionals (PREP) Robert has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Interests Arianna HuffingtonArianna Huffington is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Thrive Global 5,256,767 followers Jeff SelingoJeff Selingo is a LinkedIn Influencer New York Times bestselling author, Washington Post columnist, higher education strategist, LinkedIn Top 10 Influencer 392,567 followers Neil BlumenthalNeil Blumenthal is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-Founder & Co-CEO of Warby Parker 173,793 followers Coursera 172,379 followers Nieman Journalism Lab 104,732 followers Mind Over Media 784 followers See all See all following
More Actions Divya has a account Divya Subramanian Data Analyst at Cisco Cisco The Johns Hopkins University Singapore 117 117 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Passionate Data Scientist / Analyst. Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Singapore Data Analyst Company Name Ellipsonic Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Singapore Pro Bono Quantitative Analyst- Intern Company Name HedgeSPA Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Singapore Programmer Company Name Cognizant Technology Solutions Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Education The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name Non Degree MOOC Field Of Study Data Science Specialization (MOOC) Grade Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Machine Learning, Predictive Analysis, Modelling, Text Mining, Statistical Inference, Cleaning Data National University of Singapore / NUS Degree Name Master of Science (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 University of Madras Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 3 endorsements for SQL 3 SQL Muhd Fitri and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Office 1 Microsoft Office Ashalaxmi Adhya has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 1 endorsement for Analysis 1 Analysis Ashalaxmi Adhya has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Divya has 11 certifications 11 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Science Capstone Data Science Specialization Developing Data Products Practical Machine Learning Regression Models Statistical Inference Exploratory Data Analysis Getting and Cleaning Data Reproducible Research R Programming Divya has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Multi Dataset Viewer Tooth Growth Analysis Storm Data Analysis Interests Holmusk 3,025 followers Isentia Brandtology 3,808 followers Vance Group Ltd. 1,660 followers Confidential (Management Consulting) 12,999 followers WilliamSELECT 7,961 followers National University of Singapore 207,456 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yuri has a account Yuri Zhylyuk BI Architect at MECCA Brands MECCA Brands Podillya University of Technology, Ukraine Melbourne, Australia 323 323 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Solution-oriented data analytics engineer/architect specialising in automated and reproducible data manipulation, analysis and visualisation. I enjoy the process of making data speak and employ various open source technologies for building scalable and cost effective solutions for collecting, processing, exploring, monitoring and analysing data.►http://yznotes.net/portfolio/ - please visit portfolio with samples of my work.List of tools used in various projects:● For Data Ingestion, ETL/ELT, Pipeline Orchestration: Python, SQL/PLSQL, Airflow, Apache Spark ● For Cloud/Distributed Computing: AWS (RDS, DynamoDB, Lambda, EC2, S3, API Gateway), Anaconda Dask, Apache Spark ● For Data Persistence and Exchange: PostgreSQL, Oracle Database, MySQL, RethinkDB, ArangoDB, SQLite, JSON, XML, HDF● For Interactive Data Mining and Analysis: Jupyter/IPython Notebooks with Pandas, NumPy, Anaconda Dask ● For Data Visualisation and Dashboards: D3.JS, DC.JS, Google Maps API, Bokeh, Seaborn, Vincent, Matplotlib, HTML, CSS, Apache Zeppelin ● For Web Analytics: Google Analytics See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Yuri’s Activity 326 followers Learn deep learning using Keras from Kaggler and deepsense.io data science instructor Piotr Migdal. Great introduction! https://lnkd.in/gVi3jyp Yuri shared this Zendesk Offices - Melbourne Yuri liked Budget 2017: Winners and losers Yuri liked Do NOT HIRE UNEMPLOYED if you are .. Do not hire unemployed if you are shortsighted and insensitive. There is more about you here: https://lnkd.in/eZvWVUK I recommend reading that, but let me tell you one of my little stories. Years ago I got a call from a recruiter I knew. He said he knows I was looking for a while for someone with a rare skill. He said he knows someone with that skill, and even will NOT charge a fee. He said she had a 4 year lapse in employment, and now has hard time getting any job. I said I do not care about that - can she do the job, that's all. Long story short, she passed the interviews with flying colours, and was one of the best developers I worked with. A year into the job she told me why she had that lapse in employment. She had a special child, and her husband dumped her and the child because of it. She stayed home to take care of the child. When the child grew up and she could arrange for a proper care, she returned to the job market, but did not want to tell anyone she had a special child in addition to her lapse in employment. Thanks for listening. A real SHOCKER https://lnkd.in/ddKppW6 Yuri liked Re-educating Rita Yuri liked AI startup Neurala claims major breakthrough in deep learning - SiliconANGLE Yuri shared this See all activity Experience BI Architect Company Name MECCA Brands Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Melbourne, Australia Key Responsibilities: ● Define technical architecture, strategy and processes for BI and Analytics Platform.● Design and lead development of BI and Analytics Platform, including Data Integration Engine, Data Storage and Processing Engine, and Reporting and BI layer.● Design, develop and implement custom Data Analytics tools, APIs and applications.● Promote self-service BI and visual discovery culture.● Coach data engineers and analysts on data acquisition, manipulation and analysis techniques. Data Scientist Company Name MECCA Brands Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Melbourne, Australia Key Responsibilities: ● Design and development of custom tools, applications and infrastructure for exploratory data analysis, real time analytics, data visualisation and machine learning ● Integration of structured and unstructured data from various external and internal sources into data warehouse. Design and development of data marts. ● Discovery, evaluation and implementation of new tools, data sources and APIs for data manipulation, integration, analysis and reporting ● Data mining, hypothesis testing and insights for marketing campaigns ● Team member mentoring and coaching Key Achievements: ● Designed, developed and implemented new calculation model, infrastructure and internal CRM application for MECCA Brands loyalty program (Beauty Loop)● Championed and implemented 'MECCA Datalab' environment (based on Jupyterhub and Bokeh Server) for reproducible exploratory data analysis, data mining, visualisation and reporting● Implemented containerised approach (using Docker) for running data integration and analytical jobs. Built and maintained template Docker images● Designed and developed list of analytical tools, dashboards and data visualisations (using SQL, Python, JavaScript, Bokeh Server, Jupyterhub, Apache Zeppelin) for various parts of the business (Retail Operations, Digital Marketing, CRM, Finance, Customer Service, Supply Chain, IT Operations)● Designed and developed near real time analytics application that asynchronously collects, monitors, aggregates and visualises sales data from 70 stores across Australia and New Zealand ● Designed and developed applications for data collection and integration from various third party APIs (Freshdesk, Exact Target, Riteq, Cisco Meraki Location Analytics, etc.) Data Analyst, Academic Business Systems Company Name University of Melbourne Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Melbourne, Australia Key Responsibilities:● Design and development of solutions for automated data manipulation, analysis and visualisation● Development of complex scripts using SQL, Python and PL/SQL for regular reports and Ad Hoc data analysis requests● Extraction of data from various sources for transformation, comparison and analysis (using SQL, Python, Postgres, SQLite)● Investigation of data quality and interface issuesKey Achievements: ● Designed and developed list of applications for data manipulation, analysis and visualisation. Automated routine data entry processes.● Developed a list of reports based on student finance data in Oracle and Ingres databases and carried out three way reconciliation between old and new student systems and finance system which resulted in a positive audit report.● Introduced new data manipulation, analysis and visualisation tools and techniques (using PL/SQL, various Python Data Analysis and Computing Tools, SQLite, various JavaScript libraries etc.) to the fellow colleagues which helped to achieve higher level of efficiency and customer satisfaction. Developer, Application Services Company Name RMIT University Dates Employed Jun 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Key Responsibilities:● Development of data driven web applications using Java/JSF and Oracle APEX● System administration and 2nd level support for the University Cashiering System and RMIT Web Payment PortalKey Achievements: ● Implemented new transaction types for University Cashiering System and RMIT Web Payment Portal ● Developed a new company style theme (HTML, CSS and JavaScript) for Oracle APEX applications Snr Finance Officer, Financial Systems and Banking Company Name RMIT University Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Key Responsibilities: ● System and data administration of RMIT Web Payment Portal, CommWeb payment gateway and CBA BPoint accounts, user support and training ● System support and training for Financial Services staff (SAP, CommBiz, OneStop Cashiering system, Adobe Captivate, MS Office, etc.) Key Achievements: ● Implementation of RMIT Web Payment Portal (credit card payments over the phone): carried out business analysis, configuration, development of front end user interfaces, project piloting and staff training ● Implementation of a new process for Journal Upload in SAP (mapped and re-designed a process, carried out user acceptance testing of the transactions in SAP and provided training to Financial Services staff) See more positions Education Podillya University of Technology, Ukraine Degree Name Bachelor Degree in Economics (Graduated with Honours) Field Of Study Major: Accounting and Auditing Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Databases See 46 endorsements for Databases 46 Databases Endorsed by Janpath Edirisinghe and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Yuri’s colleagues at MECCA Brands Click and drag to reorder skills Relational Databases See 9 endorsements for Relational Databases 9 Relational Databases Endorsed by 7 of Yuri’s colleagues at University of Melbourne Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 30 endorsements for Data Analysis 30 Data Analysis Endorsed by 5 of Yuri’s colleagues at MECCA Brands Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Kate Dunn Business Analyst at The University of Melbourne July 23, 2015, Yuri worked with Kate in the same group I worked with Yuri on a number of tasks over the last few years. His skill and attention to detail are first-rate. His ability to work with complex data to solve difficult problems was magical! Yuri approaches tasks with care and thoughtfulness, and ensures that you get a first-rate solution. Sophia Lagastes Higher Education Senior Manager June 22, 2015, Sophia was senior to Yuri but didn’t manage directly Yuri was seconded to the ISIS Enhancement Program to deliver the Ezi Structures tool. This solution was built by Yuri to visualise the complex multi-level Study Package structures. The solution significantly simplified the task of comparing old and converted structures and was highly successful in ensuring a smooth transition for users during the major upgrade of the student management system. Yuri displayed a high level of dedication and exceptional skills in building and developing this tool. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Yuri has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Business Processes in Financial Accounting, SAP Education Distributed Data Science Using Apache Spark (as part of CIKM 2015 Conference) Distributed Machine Learning with Apache Spark (edX, 2016-07 - 2016-08) MYOB, Set up and operate a computerised accounting system Oracle Database: SQL Fundamentals I Oracle Database: SQL Fundamentals II PRINCE2 Framework (one day training) Yuri has 7 projects 7 Expand projects section Projects Real Time Sales Analytics System Jobs and Interfaces Monitor Data Entry Robot Automated Data Entry Auditing HTML HELP Builder Ezi Structures DataViewer Yuri has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards "Systems Ninja" Cup "For Hard and Proactive Work" Award Yuri has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Ukrainian Yuri has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Distributed Machine Learning with Apache Spark (Verified Certificate) Interests Rome2rio 840 followers Big Data 5,065,217 followers Rowben Consulting - Recruitment Specialists across Technology | Digital | Insurance & Superannuation 7,501 followers Xero 58,475 followers Arianna HuffingtonArianna Huffington is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Thrive Global 5,256,767 followers IBM Analytics 89,823 followers See all See all following
More Actions Divya has a account Divya Subramanian Data Analyst at Cisco Cisco The Johns Hopkins University Singapore 117 117 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Passionate Data Scientist / Analyst. Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Singapore Data Analyst Company Name Ellipsonic Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Singapore Pro Bono Quantitative Analyst- Intern Company Name HedgeSPA Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Singapore Programmer Company Name Cognizant Technology Solutions Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Education The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name Non Degree MOOC Field Of Study Data Science Specialization (MOOC) Grade Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Machine Learning, Predictive Analysis, Modelling, Text Mining, Statistical Inference, Cleaning Data National University of Singapore / NUS Degree Name Master of Science (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 University of Madras Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 3 endorsements for SQL 3 SQL Muhd Fitri and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Office 1 Microsoft Office Ashalaxmi Adhya has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 1 endorsement for Analysis 1 Analysis Ashalaxmi Adhya has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Divya has 11 certifications 11 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Science Capstone Data Science Specialization Developing Data Products Practical Machine Learning Regression Models Statistical Inference Exploratory Data Analysis Getting and Cleaning Data Reproducible Research R Programming Divya has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Multi Dataset Viewer Tooth Growth Analysis Storm Data Analysis Interests WilliamSELECT 7,961 followers DN & Associates Executive Search Pte Ltd 11,550 followers Singapore Tourism Board 33,150 followers Canalys 3,466 followers The Johns Hopkins University 137,776 followers UL 76,497 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hedy has a account Hedy Belttary Senior Vice President, Sales at Laserfiche Laserfiche Duquesne University Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Hedy’s Activity 1,791 followers Laserfiche Launches Digital Transformation Model: Five Phases to Drive Innovation Hedy liked Dan’s photo Hedy liked This is a great conference to see what is new and good at Laserfiche. I would be happy to sponsor any of our existing clients and pay for their admission fee to the conference. Give me a call or send me an email. Hedy liked Flyingfiche II first race - N2E Hedy liked See all activity Experience Senior Vice President Sales Company Name Laserfiche Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Long Beach, California Vice President of Sales Company Name Laserfiche Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Long Beach, California Information Management Consultant - ECMp, CIP Company Name Incrementum Dates Employed 2007 – 2014 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Los Angeles, California Consultant for implementation of document imaging, document management, records management, and enterprise content management solutions.Certified trainer, ECM Practitioner, Certified Information Professional Vice President, Vertical Marketing Company Name Laserfiche Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Long Beach, CA Managed marketing activties for the government, financial services, and healthcare segments. Manager, Service Sales - Imaging Products Group Company Name Fujitsu Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Jul 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location California Managed the distribution and VAR channel service sales for Fujitsu scanners. See more positions Education Duquesne University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Management Information Systems, General Featured Skills & Endorsements Enterprise Content Management See 66 endorsements for Enterprise Content Management 66 Enterprise Content Management Endorsed by Karl Chan and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 20 of Hedy’s colleagues at Laserfiche Click and drag to reorder skills Document Management See 61 endorsements for Document Management 61 Document Management Endorsed by Brian LaPointe and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 17 of Hedy’s colleagues at Laserfiche Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 52 endorsements for Management 52 Management Endorsed by 13 of Hedy’s colleagues at Laserfiche Endorsed by 8 people who know Management Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jonathan Fawcett, PMP Program Manager at Serco DES/Canada (MTO Contract) May 14, 2012, Hedy worked with Jonathan but at different companies Working with Jonathan on the Estee Lauder/Smashbox Cosmetics project was terrific! His professionalism, knowledge, and attention to detail made our job very seamless. He is a great communicator which is the number one skill needed in executing any type of project.Hedy A. BelttaryPresidentIncrementum Accomplishments Interests Cloud ECM Group 738 members AIIM Global Community of Information Professionals 35,239 members Southern California Health & Beauty Industry Professionals 10,092 members Municipal Management Association of Northern California 2,878 members What Inspires Me 6,117,433 followers Smart Selling Tools 2,410 members See all See all following
More Actions Kara has a account Kara Whitley Senior Associate PMO Analyst at EY EY The University of Georgia Alpharetta, Georgia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Works as a Senior Associate PMO Analyst at Ernst and Young.Graduated from the University of Georgia in May 2014. Bachelors in Terry College's Management Information Systems. Highlights Experience Senior Associate PMO Analyst Company Name EY Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Alpharetta, GA - Facilitate the successful implementation of the Batch Integration Re-Design technical upgrades to the Production System- Maintain the integrated project plan encompassing milestones, dependencies and critical path items using MS Project- Conduct weekly meetings to update the project plan to track progress and communicate and escalate roadblocks in a timely manner- Coordinate and cross-link dependencies with 40 other teams, ensure these dependencies are met in order to mitigate risk - Communicate and report on progress, risks and issues; escalate risks and issues to a Program level when necessary Associate Data Analyst Company Name EY Dates Employed Jun 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Alpharetta, GA - Accountable for planning and managing of the data conversion activity in line with the project's data approach and strategy - Provides a central point of coordination between the local deployment, global process and data teams for all data conversion activities- Tracks conversion activities to completion and provides work plan updates- Co-ordinates individual region/country data owners/managers on cleansing, data enrichment and migration activities- Aligns the data definitions and tech requirements for project milestone plans Associate Test Analyst Company Name EY Dates Employed Jun 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Alpharetta, GA - Developed acceptance test plans and approaches that explain the UAT cycle, timelines and resources- Analyzed technical and functional design specifications and developed UAT test cases and regression analyses- Executed UAT test cases and regression analyses, and recorded test results- Developed reports of UAT results and regression analyses; logged defects into the defect logging system- Completed backend tests by manipulating secondary user accounts using Active Directory and Oracle Identity Manager Legal Database Intern Company Name HomeAway.com Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Austin, Texas - Conducted research on short-term vacation rental laws using Microsoft Excel - Gained proficiency in Salesforce.com during a legal document classification project - Read and classified over 2,000 legal documents in the Salesforce.com database Intern Company Name HomeAway.com Dates Employed May 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Austin, Texas - Organized Microsoft Power Points needed for upcoming meetings- Earned HIPPA Certification for human resources filing- Conducted research for property owner classification project using Microsoft Excel - Communicated with HomeAway representatives from Brazil- Part of the team during their Initial Public Offering Education The University of Georgia Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Management of Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 University of Georgia - Terry College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration Field Of Study Management Information Systems Grade Junior Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Sigma Kappa Sorority, Society for Management Information Systems Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 19 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 19 Microsoft Excel Don Hensley and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PowerPoint See 18 endorsements for PowerPoint 18 PowerPoint Endorsed by 2 of Kara’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 14 endorsements for Microsoft Office 14 Microsoft Office Endorsed by Don Hensley, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Darnell Clarke Job Coach | Career Consultant | Counselor | Advisor | Author | Keynote Speaker | Trainer April 8, 2014, Kara was a client of Darnell’s I had the pleasure of having Darnell as my mentor while I was a student attending the University of Georgia. I feel so fortunate to have had such an inspiring and knowledgeable guide throughout my career search. He taught me how to set concrete goals and then how to make those goals a reality. Darnell gave me the tools I needed to put my potential into action and how to explicitly define who I am and what I want in a career. He supplemented my wants and needs with his knowledge of what hiring managers look for to customize a personalized plan to get me hired.Darnell made my success his priority. He not only helped me get my dream job with Ernst and Young, but he helped me develop professional competence that I will use throughout my career. Anyone searching for employment would be lucky to have Darnell as a career coach. Accomplishments Kara has 9 courses 9 Expand courses section Courses Business Leadership Business Process Management Computer Programming Data Management IS Leadership Introduction of Information Systems Net Application Development Project Management Systems Analysis and Design Kara has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects Program Mercury - Wave 1 Deployment Team User Validation Tool Secondary Account Termination Mercury Integration Amazon Data Model (MIST 4610) Kara has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification ISTQB Interests The University of Georgia 176,767 followers Terry College of Business Students 2,864 members University of Georgia - Terry College of Business 40,908 followers Pulse 1,535,219 followers University of Georgia 7,435 members The University of Georgia 186,948 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dawn has a account Dawn Spira Enterprise Data Management Bristol-Myers Squibb Becker Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a Business Analyst/Architect and results driven Project Professional working for Fortune 500 companies in the IT, Pharmaceutical, Life Science, Health-care, Marketing and Financial Industries.In ten years experience in Corporate Accounting/Financial Reporting, and eight years experience in IT Enterprise level projects, My goal is to provide system solutions and empower function domain stewards/business stakeholders across domains with sound enterprise level implementation strategies. In the eight years of IT project experience, I've delivered complex business change, Financial Shared Services-SAP, implemented, tested, documented, created user profiles-SAP FICO, Supply Chain Modules as well as Vendor/Customer Governance, Knowledge Management, Global Metrics Reporting, and Enterprise level solutions. In the ten years experience as a Corporate Account and Financial Analyst, I’ve created Budgets, Financial Forecasting/Reporting, Variance Analysis, BI Reporting Capabilities, Year-End Closings as well as Year-End Audit work papers.Specialties: Specialties include:§ Data Governance & Stewardship /Collibra Governance Platform§ Knowledge base Management / Change Management / ServiceNow / Remedy§ ITIL – Foundations Certified § Enterprise Data Lake Governance/architecture, build business glossary, data sharing § Global Metrics Reporting SLA's / Risk Reporting § IT Governance of Service Provider Contracts § Business Analyst / Requirements Gathering § SAP FICO Implementation / Upgrade § SAP FICO Testing / Documenting / Process Improvements§ GL Accounting & Budget/Financial Reporting / BI Reporting See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Master Data Governance Lead/ Enterprise Data Management, Stewardship & Governance Company Name Bristol-Myers Squibb Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location 100 Nassau Park Blvd • Work with Solution Engineering, Solution Architect, Governance Process Steward, and Strategy & Architecture to interview Vendors during product demos, review budget.• Created the business requirements and its subsequent Use Cases around POC for the DATUM/Collibra/ ect...for a Data Governance Platform for BMS-New Product Introduction pilot to be used for BMS Enterprise Stewardship and Governance. SAP - Master Data Governance Lead - Business Analyst, Global Process Exellence Company Name Bristol-Myers Squibb Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location 1 Squibb Dr, New Brunswick, NJ 08903 New Product Introduction /Master Data GovernanceGlobal Supply Chain- Data maintenance process mapping (as-is and to-be)- Define processes for master data maintenance including sequences, constraints and touch points with related processes.- Roles and responsibility matrix per data element - System to track master data readiness during product launch process- Stakeholder visibility/training to end-to-end master data maintenance processes and sequencing Defect Manager/Data Lead-Streamlink SAP project Company Name Zoetis Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Florham Park, NJ • Data Lead, Defect Manager and Metrics Reporting for multiple iterations of Data conversion activities using HP ALM to design test steps and report test results as well as defect resolution and ensuring ISO standards are followed. • Member of Controllership team for cutover activities in preparation of Go Live. Pre-load/Post-load Object verification, construction coordination, defect identification and resolution, data cleansing activities for P2P-P2M workstreams. Project Manager/Program Coordinator, IT Global PMO Company Name Celgene Dates Employed May 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Due to Celgene’s PMO process improvements within Enterprise Architecture, and Inflammation & Immunology Sales Enablement Program bringing new products to market, my role as Project Manager/Project Coordinator assisted in the development or those emerging landscapes.• Managed Communication Plan, On-boarding process, created Project Plans, Prep SharePoint site for Stage Gate Reviews, worked with cross functional teams to analyzed opportunities for technological changes, helped develop Requests for Information, and testing/defect plans prior to UAT.• Created/Maintained Score Card for Enterprise Architecture Global IT PMO to improve cross-functional work groups.• SharePoint site owner for Program and Projects: BI Roadmap, PeopleSoft ELM, ECCM Taxonomy, eRexS and Metadata Framework Implementation. Financial Management Systems (FMS) - Sr Business Analyst Company Name IPG corporate Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 10 mos Location 622 Third Avenue, New York, New York 10017 Agency subsidiary companies are being migrated to the SAP ECC 6.0-Web-enabled Vantage template called 1Place. My role as a SAP Financial Management Systems (FMS) Business Analyst working on the FMS and OMS (Sales & Distribution (SD) combined with Project Systems (PS) and Material Master (MM)) and the development of the overall IPG Vantage template by gathering and analyzing business requirements and implementing and controlling the template to meet global and local legal/business requirements for Sarbanes-Oxley by establishing, documenting, & communicating common/uniform business and system procedures.· HPQC Testing/defect conducted for Release 4.0 and Wave 2 sites by creating new functionality test scripts for FMS and OMS. Pre/cutover testing consisted of regression, functional and unit testing as well as creating master data (HR records, Vendor, Customer, User ID’s, open posting periods etc.) · Post go-live consisted of supporting the deployment of the SAP enhancements through post implementation/break fix testing, and controlling changes via GIS, Global Solution Manager used for Development & Production Change Control Mngt.· Understand the business process around the area they are enhancing through workshop design and work with development teams toward a proposed system solution.· SharePoint site used for Program Library and control project deliverables. See more positions Education Becker Degree Name CPA three of four parts passed Field Of Study Accounting EXIN Degree Name ITIL Field Of Study Information Technology Infastructure library Management John F. Kennedy See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 38 endorsements for Business Analysis 38 Business Analysis Endorsed by 11 of Dawn’s colleagues at Bristol-Myers Squibb Endorsed by 8 people who know Business Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Integration See 25 endorsements for Integration 25 Integration Endorsed by 6 of Dawn’s colleagues at Bristol-Myers Squibb Click and drag to reorder skills ITIL See 23 endorsements for ITIL 23 ITIL Endorsed by 6 of Dawn’s colleagues at Bristol-Myers Squibb Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) Komal (Kay) Billand Sr. Manager, Global Knowledge Management at Audible, Inc. June 14, 2013, Komal (Kay) managed Dawn directly During Dawn's time at Pfizer, she worked independently and efficiently managing large scale projects in the Knowledge Management space. She was a quick learner and was a pleasure to work with. Noah Hassid Sales Representative at Gate 1 Travel December 19, 2011, Noah worked with Dawn in different groups I needed assistance from Dawn during her time at Pfizer. She was one of the most pleasant, helpful, patient, and knowledgeable people that you can come across. She provided me with invaluable information that allowed me to make good decisions by being very informed about and able to react quickly to aspects of the project I was working on; the knowledge-based article system associated with helping support analysts react more quickly and accurately to support tickets. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Komal (Kay) Billand Sr. Manager, Global Knowledge Management at Audible, Inc. August 21, 2013, Komal (Kay) worked with Dawn in the same group Kay is an expert in the area of technical writing and organization with solid command of the Knowledge Management space. She continually improved and evolved processes which helped the team to execute and management effectively. She was excellent to work with. Caroline Bellan Deskside Support Technician, at Cigna, working for CompuCom March 22, 2013, Dawn was senior to Caroline but didn’t manage directly I had the pleasure of working with Caroline at HP's Enterpise Shared Services on the Bristol Myers Squibb account. Not only did Caroline perform excellent customer service, she is highly technical and skilled. She was theScientific Application’s SMPP and proveded detailed work instruction for a Knowledge base migration I managed. I recommend Caroline as she is talented and hard working and it was a pleasure to have her on my team. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Dawn has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Platform Admin Certification (01-overview-03) Community Manager Certification (01-overview-02) Steward Certification (01-overview-01) Dawn has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Commitment to Excellence Interests Pulse 1,535,219 followers John F. Kennedy University 13,111 followers Bristol-Myers Squibb 382,085 followers Business Analyst Social Networking 26,953 members Rowan University 53,249 followers Rowan University 50,978 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hidy has a account Hidy Ng Investigative Analysis || GIS || Data Journalism || Research Toronto Star York University Toronto, Canada Area 93 93 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Investigative Analyst Company Name Toronto Star Dates Employed 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Marketing Associate Company Name The Nielsen Company Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos GIS Company Name DMTI Spatial Dates Employed 2005 – 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr Education York University Degree Name MA Field Of Study International Development Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Sir Sanford Fleming Degree Name Geographic Information Systems Western University Degree Name Geography Featured Skills & Endorsements Investigative Research Investigative Research No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 4 endorsements for Data Analysis 4 Data Analysis David Brusutti and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills GIS GIS No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Hidy has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English French Interests York Region (The Regional Municipality of York) 17,123 followers Pulse 1,535,219 followers York University 206,885 followers UNICEF 434,169 followers City of Toronto 65,551 followers CPP Investment Board 32,209 followers See all See all following
More Actions Esther has a account Esther Lee Data Analyst at LA Care Provider L.A. Care Health Plan University of Southern California Greater Los Angeles Area 372 372 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Clinical Data Analyst Company Name L.A. Care Health Plan Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Data Analyst Company Name L.A. Care Health Plan Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Contract Bioscience Analyst Company Name Praedicat, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Culver City, CA Epidemiology Specialist Company Name Department of Health and Senior Services Dates Employed May 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Jefferson City, MO Data Analyst Company Name USC-Institute of Prevention Research Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Education University of Southern California Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Public Health; Epidemiology/Biostatistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 Relevant Skills/Courses: SPSS, STATA, SAS, Grant writing. Health Education and Promotion. Health Policy. University of Missouri-Columbia Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Biological Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Epidemiology See 13 endorsements for Epidemiology 13 Epidemiology Endorsed by 3 of Esther’s colleagues at L.A. Care Health Plan Click and drag to reorder skills Public Health See 11 endorsements for Public Health 11 Public Health Endorsed by 3 of Esther’s colleagues at L.A. Care Health Plan Click and drag to reorder skills SPSS See 10 endorsements for SPSS 10 SPSS Endorsed by Christine Selzer, MPH, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Esther’s colleagues at L.A. Care Health Plan Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Esther has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Korean SAS SQL Interests Brigham and Women's Hospital 34,002 followers Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,431 members Children's Hospital Colorado 15,407 followers Coursera 172,379 followers DERMA E 3,524 followers USC Gould School of Law 44,727 followers See all See all following
More Actions Diny has a account Diny Hurwitz CRM & Database Analyst at Milwaukee Brewers Baseball Club Milwaukee Brewers Baseball Club Marquette University Greater Milwaukee Area 366 366 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: SQL, Microsoft Excel Highlights Experience CRM & Database Analyst Company Name Milwaukee Brewers Baseball Club Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos - First analyst position to lead the database marketing efforts of the organization; responsible for the database marketing and market research efforts of the organization with the goal to increase ticket sales and revenue- Selected by the VP of the Consumer Marketing Department to manage and lead the strategic direction of the Customer Relationship Management system to help achieve the organization’s goals by leveraging all available data- Leads the efforts for strategic market segmentation including the compilation of prospect lists for direct mail efforts- Strong ability using SQL language and Microsoft Excel- Areas of responsibility include the following: data hygiene of databases, post-campaign analysis of marketing and ticket sales promotions and assisting with development of predictive sales models List Services Representative Company Name AB Data Dates Employed Apr 2004 – May 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos - Effectively strengthened current and prospective client loyalties through unparalleled customer service for direct marketing needs- Assisted with backend analysis reports of direct fundraising campaigns for national political and non-profit organizations Intergovernmental Affairs Intern Company Name The White House Dates Employed Jan 2000 – May 2000 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Media (1) This position has 1 media The White House The White House This media is a link Broadcast Marketing Unit Intern Company Name CBS News Dates Employed Sep 1999 – Dec 1999 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Media (1) This position has 1 media CBS News - Breaking News, U.S., World, Business, Entertainment & Video CBS News - Breaking News, U.S., World, Business, Entertainment & Video This media is a link Education Marquette University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Marketing, Management and HR Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2000 Certificate in International Business Featured Skills & Endorsements Marketing See 14 endorsements for Marketing 14 Marketing Endorsed by Jill Aronoff and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Diny’s colleagues at Milwaukee Brewers Click and drag to reorder skills Direct Marketing See 13 endorsements for Direct Marketing 13 Direct Marketing Endorsed by Mark Donatelli, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Diny’s colleagues at Milwaukee Brewers Click and drag to reorder skills Sports Marketing See 12 endorsements for Sports Marketing 12 Sports Marketing Endorsed by Caitlin Moyer and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Diny’s colleagues at Milwaukee Brewers Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Caitlin Moyer Director-New Media at Milwaukee Brewers Baseball Club January 8, 2009, Caitlin worked with Diny in the same group Caitlin is remarkable in her position of Marketing & Promotions Manager. It is a very exposed area of the organization that has been entrusted to her. The development and execution of such promotions for a sports team like the Milwaukee Brewers can either turn off an entire community or help exceed attendance goals. The franchise record setting season in 2008, when compared to other teams with more on-field success, truly shows that Caitlin is an integral part of the organization's success. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,219 followers Marquette University 86,963 followers Baseball Industry Network 46,331 members Adweek 717,216 followers David EdelmanDavid Edelman is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Marketing Officer at Aetna 1,097,931 followers Marquette University 85,294 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anjana has a account Anjana Subramanian Data Analyst Executive at Citibank India Citibank India Dhanalakshmi College of Engineering Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India 11 11 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent (1) Working in Ciibank,Chennai (Citicorp Services India Private Limited,) Executive-Operations-Account Maintenance. March 2015-Working at Present(2) Worked at Equitas Microfinance Private Limited, Chennai Officer TAB Help Desk -July 2014-March 2015(3) B.E Computer Science and Engineering (Dhanalakshmi College of Engineering, Chennai ) 2010-2014 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Executive Company Name Citibank India Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Chennai Area, India • Updated, verified and maintained address and contact information for bank accounts as per customer request.• Performed discrepancy checks on update ID details (NRIC, Passport and FIN Number) in the system and check for the Customer’s details matches with the system.• Executed NESS screening in the system and identify the matches and performs for all potential matches.• Checked and performed credit card closures and ready credit closures.• Performed callback on customer security information verification.• Proficient in executing FATCA process flow.• Fluent in data analysis, as all the checks were made on customer information for transactions on daily basis and re-organized it for analysis as per standard operating procedure.• Analyzed the results and recorded the fluctuations in the computed values as compared to the standard values and escalated upstream for further processing.• Issued credit/debit cards based on the verification of activeness of the account and changes in the account holder’s address over the past 45 days. Officer TAB Helpdesk(IT) Company Name Equitas Micro Finance Private Limited Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Chennai Area, India • Resolved technical issues and errors from our users who are using our TABLET Application.• Cleared branch queries raised by the quality check team and move the member forms to the loan process. Education Dhanalakshmi College of Engineering Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Computer Engineering Grade 7.4 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Nirmala Girls Higher Sec School Featured Skills & Endorsements C C No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills C++ C++ No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills C# C# No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Anjana has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Tamil Anjana has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Rising Star Award-July 2015 Anjana has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Integration of Android and Cloud Computing Implementation of Remote Data Storage with Chunking of data and compression. Interests Pulse 1,535,219 followers Dhanalakshmi College of Engineering 704 followers Citi 1,250,371 followers Citibank India 30,765 followers India 46,702,297 followers Dhanalakshmi College of Engineering 488 followers
More Actions John has a account John Skianis Statistician Crowdpolicy Agricultural University of Athens Greece 367 367 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A passionate and self-driven statistician, able to utilize all available data and transform then into insights. B.Sc. in Statistics (A.U.E.B) and MBA agribusiness holder (Agriculture University of Athens) Working experience in data preparing and analysis, curation of procedure in Hellenic Statistical Authority, University of Peloponnese, assistant accountant at Hellenic Force of Cyprus, business analytics and project Management at Crowdpolicy. SPECIALITIES: Statistics, data analytics, statistical packages (R, Eviews, SPSS , etc) business analysis, business strategy and planning See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} John’s Activity 366 followers Last pallets of the Proto Kiwi season! #kiwi #greece John liked See all activity Experience Business & Data Analyst Company Name Crowdpolicy Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Monastiraki , Athens, Attiki Responsibilities -Project development and QA monitoring-Data services support-Presales & proposal preparation Staff Accountant Company Name Hellenic Force of Cyprus Dates Employed Oct 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Cyprus During my duty I worked as Assistant General Manager with work tasks such asA) Daily monitoring organization and good compliance of the logistic books of the officeB) keeping and updating comprehensive statements concerning the successful planning, implementation and pre-audit of Expenditure Own ResourcesC) monitoring of fund-news calendar D) Full secretarial support issues in editing and presenting official documents.E) Compliance and monitoring of e-news database F) Supervision of proper implementation of the various supply goods between the office and the suppliers. Private partner Company Name Hellenic Statistical Authority (ELSTAT) Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Kimi Evoias Ι participated in the annual research of income. Data analyst Company Name University of Peloponnese Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greece I 've worked as a data analyst , to evaluate the Master’s Degree Programme with the title "Olympic Studies, Olympic Education, Organization and Management of Olympic Events" and the seminar offerred by the same programme Head of Sector , Population census Company Name Hellenic Statistical Authority (ELSTAT) Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Kimi Evoia Greece I have worked as a contributor during the population census, being responsible of my own geographical section. Education Agricultural University of Athens Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Agribusiness/Agricultural Business Operations Grade 7.90 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Thesis description : '' Τhe usefulness of the index Book-to-Market for the explanation of stock returns in greek stock market'' Athens University of Economics and Business Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 29 endorsements for Statistics 29 Statistics Alexandros Nezeris and 28 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SPSS See 28 endorsements for SPSS 28 SPSS EVAGGELOS KOKKAS and 27 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 23 endorsements for Data Analysis 23 Data Analysis Alexandros Nezeris and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments John has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Distribution and storage of perishable goods by using new technologies Science and policy in nutrition: the case of animal production in EU Framework Virgin olive oil and Greek gastronomy Μodern business activities in the agricultural sector John has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English German Greek John has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Con.Tran.S.S Business plan, rural agriculture John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Data Analysis with R John has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication A 13-year time trend analysis of 3724 small bowel video capsule endoscopies and a forecast model during the financial crisis in Greece. Interests Unilever 2,458,118 followers Growth Digital Agency 389 followers IRI 43,622 followers Analyst Jobs 890 followers Olympic Brewery S.A. (Part of the Carlsberg Group) 1,506 followers European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) 11,258 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sonal has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Sonal Shah BI Business Information Analyst Charles Taylor Plc Charles Taylor plc Harrow, United Kingdom 112 112 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience BI Business Information Analyst Company Name Charles Taylor plc Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom Database Administrator Company Name RNIB Dates Employed Jan 2010 – May 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Databases See 1 endorsement for Databases 1 Databases Chris Riley has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 1 endorsement for Microsoft SQL Server 1 Microsoft SQL Server Chris Riley has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SharePoint See 1 endorsement for SharePoint 1 SharePoint Chris Riley has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Eames Consulting Group 17,869 followers Codex Recruitment 971 followers notonthehighstreet.com 14,803 followers Trepp, LLC 5,093 followers Jimmy Choo 74,912 followers Nielsen 360,105 followers See all See all following
More Actions Esther has a account Esther Lee Data Analyst at LA Care Provider L.A. Care Health Plan University of Southern California Greater Los Angeles Area 372 372 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Clinical Data Analyst Company Name L.A. Care Health Plan Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Data Analyst Company Name L.A. Care Health Plan Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Contract Bioscience Analyst Company Name Praedicat, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Culver City, CA Epidemiology Specialist Company Name Department of Health and Senior Services Dates Employed May 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Jefferson City, MO Data Analyst Company Name USC-Institute of Prevention Research Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Education University of Southern California Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Public Health; Epidemiology/Biostatistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 Relevant Skills/Courses: SPSS, STATA, SAS, Grant writing. Health Education and Promotion. Health Policy. University of Missouri-Columbia Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Biological Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Epidemiology See 13 endorsements for Epidemiology 13 Epidemiology Endorsed by 3 of Esther’s colleagues at L.A. Care Health Plan Click and drag to reorder skills Public Health See 11 endorsements for Public Health 11 Public Health Endorsed by 3 of Esther’s colleagues at L.A. Care Health Plan Click and drag to reorder skills SPSS See 10 endorsements for SPSS 10 SPSS Endorsed by Christine Selzer, MPH, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Esther’s colleagues at L.A. Care Health Plan Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Esther has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Korean SAS SQL Interests Partners In Health 14,936 followers Toledo Community Oncology Program 145 followers YP, The Real Yellow Pages® 32,133 followers Adam LashinskyAdam Lashinsky is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Editor, Fortune 154,474 followers Danone 743,984 followers Health Advocate 10,645 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bruce has a account Bruce Imrie Manager at Govt of Canada Interests and hobbies Vancouver, Canada Area 201 201 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Retired, and lov'in it! Company Name Interests and hobbies Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Manager Company Name Govt of Canada Dates Employed Nov 2007 – May 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Security Management See 22 endorsements for Security Management 22 Security Management James Tomsheck and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Private Investigations See 21 endorsements for Private Investigations 21 Private Investigations James Tomsheck and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Security Audits See 21 endorsements for Security Audits 21 Security Audits James Tomsheck and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Govt. of India 25,541 followers Pulse 1,535,220 followers
More Actions Sita Kalaria, has a account Sita Kalaria, M.S. Mathematics Principal Ecommerce Web Analyst at Fitbit Fitbit California State Polytechnic University-Pomona San Francisco Bay Area 399 399 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highly accomplished Data Analyst professional with 9+ years of Analytical experience in the utility, healthcare and technology industries across multiple lines of business: Marketing, IT, Supply Chain, Sales, and Operations. A hard working, innovative individual with excellent data analysis skills to drive insights by extracting, compiling, analyzing, and presenting data to key stakeholders. Top 5 Strengths: Consistency, Achiever, Harmony, Responsibility, Learner Education: MS in Mathematics, BS in Biology, Certification in Quantitative AnalysisSkills:Reporting: Excel, SQL, R, SPSS, SAS, Tableau, Oracle SQL Developer, JIRAGoogle: Analytics, Tag Manager, Manufacturer, Search Console, Trends, Play DeveloperDigital Analytics: iTunes Connect, OpinionLab, Optimizely, A/B Testing, Survey Monkey, QualarooTraining: o Healthcare Management - An Introduction, Blue Shield of California, 2015o Evolve with Google Analytics, Blue Shield of California, 2015o Data & Business Analysis Boot Camp, Blue Shield of California, 2014o Problem Solving and Decision Making, PG&E, 2012o Gas & Electric Business Understanding, PG&E, 2011o Lean Six Sigma & Process Management, PG&E, 2011o Emergency Team Member Training & AED/CPR/First Aid Certification PG&E, 2011o Sourcing Management Procurement Training, Kaiser Permanente, 2009Conference:o Certified Health Consultant Designation Program, Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, Chicago, IL, 2015o Dreamforce, Salesforce.com Annual Conference, San Francisco, CA, 2014 o California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) Small Business Expo, Irvine, CA, 2012o National Minority Supplier Development Council (NMSDC) Conference, Atlanta, GA, 2011o Mathematical Association of America’s Math Fest, San Jose, CA, 2007 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Sita Kalaria,’s Activity 399 followers The #1 selling Fitbit is on sale to help you get in shape for summer Sita Kalaria, liked Fitbit Blaze is number one wearable for work wellness, says study Sita Kalaria, liked Fitbit soars as smartwatch launch cheers analysts Sita Kalaria, liked See all activity Experience Principal Ecommerce Web Analyst Company Name Fitbit Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Francisco, California eCommerce Analytics supports eCommerce goals by surfacing insights that inform better business decisions. We analyze data from sales, web browsing, user research, and split testing on Fitbit.com with the goal of identifying and validating business decisions, improving project prioritization, optimizing the user experience, converting more shoppers into buyers, and ultimately driving revenue growth.DATA CAPTURE:Design data collection architecture which is implemented primarily through our 3rd party analytics tool Google Analytics 360DATA ANALYSIS:Organize data, identify the signal from the noise, and surface insightsDATA REPORTING:Share out reports and analysis through a variety of means - weekly email reporting, dashboards, recaps in the wiki, etc.EDUCATION/TRAININGSince our team is small, we also attempt to empower the wider organization through direct data access and tool training Senior Data Analyst, Integrated Marketing and Customer Experience Company Name Blue Shield of California Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Develop, maintain, and perform routine and ad hoc strategic data analysis to track digital performance on monthly dashboard and provide key insights, takeaways, and action items to executives and project stakeholders MEMBER ACQUISITION & RETENTION: o Increased annual membership by 12% through line of business specific retention and acquisition marketing strategies, tracking conversion rates, multi-channel campaigns and portal operations and enhancementso Managed Desktop and Mobile rebuild that resulted in expanded portal features, improved digital experience, and over $22K in monthly administrative cost savingsPORTAL ANALYTICS: o Created dashboard protocols: SOP, change management process, communication plan, information architectureo Improved process efficiency 75% by automating creation and data extraction of monthly dashboardso Published communications and maintained Portal Analytics page on internal web spaceDIGITAL ANALYTICS TOOLS:o Achieved 100% compliance by conducting user acceptance testing of newly added Google Analytics featureso Prepared and conducted Google Analytics training for 50 team members, saving $25K in training expenseso Reduced Webtrends account health check SOW expenses by 34% through continuous negotiation in servicesCUSTOMER FEEDBACK TOOLS:o Improved Net Promoter Score by 20% from previous year by developing monthly reporting structure for user feedback and pain points, from which insights, takeaways, and action items were worked on with portal teamso Maintained OpinionLab vendor relationship; compiled and presented 9 tool specific enhancements to leadershipo Compiled and communicated monthly user feedback via OpinionLab, iPhone and Android apps to leadershipRETURN ON INVESTMENT:o Increased monthly revenues 15% through creating Total Cost of Ownership and Return on Investment initiativeso Enabled 100% accuracy in alignment and agreement upon list of portal-specific KPIs that support business levers Senior Business Analyst, IT & Telecom Company Name Pacific Gas and Electric Company Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Provide analytical and strategic data support to Corporate Services Sourcing Organization including all IT and Telecom spend categories: Hardware, Software, Services, and Telecom; Recognized for Energized Employee within PG&E’s Vision & Values STRATEGIC SOURCING:o Contributed to annual savings of $450K by engaging in RFP sourcing process with spend and cost savings analysiso Conducted analysis for annual IT Category and Customer Procurement Plans and presented to leadershipo Compiled and published monthly metrics on Supply Chain Strategy Dashboard for various groups in Supply ChainSAVINGS VALIDATION AND REPORTING:o Managed monthly Funnel Savings Report: cost savings analysis and spend rules in internal reporting systemo Presented and signed off on projects with total savings >$1M during quarterly meetings with Business FinanceOPERATIONAL REPORTING:o Prepared and presented Sourcing Report of current expenditures for weekly Executive Business Process Reviewo Maintained weekly Contract Lead Time under 5 days per company wide goalo Created standard way of reporting $250K savings from the Sourcing and Infrastructure & Operations perspectiveSUPPLIER PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT: o Monitored Oracle supplier performance from supplier scorecard and surveys conducted through Survey Monkeyo Achieved Supplier Diversity Certificate of Appreciation recognition for being a reliable data analysis counterpartCLIENT SATISFACTION: 87.3% internal client satisfaction survey score through 2012 Adjunct Math Professor Company Name Golden Gate University Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Educated Introductory Algebra during Spring semester term with topics of fundamental operations, the real number system, linear equations and inequalities, linear systems, polynomials, quadratic equations and graphs Sourcing Analyst, Client: Kaiser Permanente Company Name Vizient, Inc (f/k/a Broadlane, Inc) Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Oakland, CA Provide analytical and strategic sourcing support to company’s largest client, Kaiser Permanente, in the areas of Physiological Monitoring, Respiratory, Environmental Services, Moving and Travel• Increased annual hospital departmental spending by 20% through data analysis and presentation to key stakeholders• Contributed to annual savings of $250K by launching RFP to medical and non-medical vendors and conducting post-RFP analysis which included financial modeling, spend forecasting, scenario and cost analysis• Improved process efficiency 50% by managing vendor contracts, products, and client-defined sourcing process• Implemented methodologies to present expense opportunities, market dynamics, product changes, and data to clients• Achieved 100% compliance in surveys conducted through Survey Monkey for product evaluations held at Kaiser facilities Education California State Polytechnic University-Pomona Degree Name MS Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Thesis: “Regular Semigroups with Skew Pairs of Idempotents” using LaTeX California State Polytechnic University-Pomona Degree Name BS Field Of Study Biology, Minor in Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Activities and Societies: KME Math Club & Honors Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Cross-functional Team Leadership See 15 endorsements for Cross-functional Team Leadership 15 Cross-functional Team Leadership Endorsed by 2 of Sita Kalaria,’s colleagues at Blue Shield of California Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 11 endorsements for Analysis 11 Analysis Endorsed by Nirav Shah, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Procurement See 7 endorsements for Procurement 7 Procurement Tammi Taber and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Anu Ivanov Supplier Relationship Manager at Vizient April 26, 2016, Anu worked with Sita Kalaria, in different groups I worked with Sita Kalaria at Broadlane. Sita was always thorough and thoughtful in her work. She always put in the extra effort to ensure that her deliverables were flawless. Sita has excellent communication skills and worked very well with her team. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sita Kalaria, has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Health Consultant Google Analytics Individual Qualification Exam Professional Program in Quantitative Analysis AED/CPR/First Aid Sita Kalaria, has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Gujarati Hindi Spanish Interests All Things Data Conference 104 followers MyFitnessPal 4,955 followers Yammer, Inc. 19,312 followers Pulse 1,535,220 followers Virgin America 45,735 followers California State Polytechnic University-Pomona 108,604 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rohit has a account Rohit Sarkar Student at University of Toronto & Data Analyst at Crowdcare CrowdCare University of Toronto Toronto, Ontario, Canada 7 7 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name CrowdCare Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Toronto, Canada Area Education University of Toronto Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Applied Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2018 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis Data Analysis No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics Analytics No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office Microsoft Office No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests CrowdCare 248 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers University of Toronto 370,900 followers
More Actions Christopher has a account Christopher Berry Director, Product Intelligence CBC University of Calgary Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I turn data into product, make product more intelligent, and build teams of data scientists and engineers.If you're interested in Machine Intelligence, why not join Machine Intelligence Toronto? http://www.meetup.com/MachineIntelligence/Member of INFORMS. Former chair of the Digital Analytics Associations' Research Committee. Wrote 15+ reviews for the peer review research project. Wrote the social analytics modules for the UBC web analytics certification course. Keywords: Data Science, Machine Intelligence, Predictive Analytics, Machine Learning, PANDAS, Python, R, SPSS, Support Vector Machines, Text Analysis, Attribution, SaaS, Models, Systems Thinking, Lean Methods, Lean Startup, Research and Development, Financial Services, Transportation, Aviation Policy, Road Safety, Keyword Stuffing See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Product Intelligence Company Name CBC Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Toronto, Canada Area Making product more intelligent and scaling data driven decisions.✔ Shortened the Build-Measure-Learn cycle on multiple products.✔ Tackling the content recommendation opportunity.✔ Analytics strategy for 2014 Sochi Olympic games, 2014 FIFA World Cup, OTT, including A/V analytics on both mobile and desktop, and full mobile analytics; this was at scale: 80%+ of Online Canadians touched at least one of these experiences in 2014. Data Scientist in Residence Company Name 500px Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area ✔ Executed a s-rfm analysis; for the first time saw the linkage between strategic product management, contagion, rfm segmentation, and the financial impact.✔ Presented comparative recsys case study at eMetrics 2014.✔ Acquired Authintic in 2014. Co-Founder, Chief Science Officer Company Name Authintic Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area I turned behavioral data into consumer recommendations designed to drive conversions, loyalty and retention.✔ Developed a proprietary method for solving the cold-start problem in recommendation engines.✔ Developed a UX for integrating permission marketing and privacy into recommendation engines.✔ Developed a method for integrating CRM algorithms with graph algorithms to explain and predict consumer behavior.Acquired by 500px in March 2014 VP Measurement Science Company Name Syncapse Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Toronto Responsible for social analytics and product innovation.✔ Developed the first social analytics algorithms for explaining and predicting social media marketing performance.✔ Built the first department focused solely on measuring and optimizing social media marketing performance; led data science product development.✔ Successful engagements with Blackberry, AB InBev, The Coca-Cola Company, JP Morgan, and PCF&S. Group Director of Marketing Science Company Name Critical Mass Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Built and led a profitable Marketing Science department.✔ Planned and executed the marketing science department in partnership with Shaina Boone.✔ Reduced staff churn from 105%+ to <15% in 1 year, thereby increasing margins by over 20%.✔ Increased revenue and profits by expanding service offerings; pioneered the first social media marketing analytics programs and strategic marketing science engagements; successful engagements with NASA, Citi, Scotiabank, Gucci, SUPERVALU, Valvoline, Ferrero, Rolex, Dell, adidas, and Kaiser Permanente. See more positions Education University of Calgary Degree Name MA Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Review Editor for Peer Reviewed Journal "Innovations" Quantitative public policyAviation security, road safety Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 118 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by Lee Isensee and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Christopher’s colleagues at CBC Click and drag to reorder skills Web Analytics See 80 endorsements for Web Analytics 80 Web Analytics Endorsed by Jacques Warren and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Christopher’s colleagues at CBC Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Analytics See 49 endorsements for Predictive Analytics 49 Predictive Analytics Endorsed by 3 of Christopher’s colleagues at CBC Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (18) Reuben Segelbaum Group Account Director - Digital at DDB Canada June 11, 2012, Christopher was senior to Reuben but didn’t manage directly As is the case when asked to write a recommendation, you step back and try to assess the person asking, the relationship, and the overall feelings towards the recommendation. In the case of Chris, these thoughts are heavy and lasting.I have been fortunate to have worked with Chris. In a past role, I worked with an individual who used to say if you are going to make a claim, back it up. Well, after working with Chris, I fully comprehend the amount of work that goes into backing it up.Chris educated me on the value of applying a scientific method to measurement and analysis. He demonstrated to me, and to the clients I worked with, an aptitude to not only convey complex problem solving but how we can get there. In leading his team and coordinating with supporting departments, Chris was able to coordinate efforts so all work that goes into a clients program was lasting beyond the program, and ultimately help to justify a clients' efforts.Given the opportunity I would embrace working with Chris again. He is an incredible person and a supportive collaborator and co worker. Santhi Rao Delivery Manager at Canadian Partnership Against Cancer January 12, 2010, Christopher worked with Santhi in the same group Integrity, patience and a great sense of humour are the thoughts that come to mind when I write of Chris. Christopher and i worked on many sticky and complex projects. One that clearly stands out is where Christopher worked with distributed stakeholders across the globe, his transparent style and exceptional communication skills were essential in bringing people at all levels of the organization towards a common goal. He is a dedicated professional gets results by creative problem solving, close attention to relevant issues and bringing people together as a team. He is an adept consensus builder, with an ability to relate to a wide range of people. He makes every team he is a part of more effective by giving it cohesiveness, direction and insane enthusiasm. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Lori Jenkins Customer Success May 4, 2016, Christopher was a client of Lori’s In 2015 we executed a pretty interesting experiment at the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Could a testing culture even take root in product teams? We have a lot of products at the CBC - over 18 native apps (iOS, Android, Xbox), three CMS's, four variants of mobile web. And 7 distinct agile teams who manage to manage them all.I was lucky that Lori was assigned to my account.Lori came already aware that testing is a system of activities that becomes embedded in a culture over time. Testing isn't something that you do just once, fail to get a conference-worthy hero slide eye popping result, and rage quit. It's something that has to be set up to scale and requires a strong fail-learning tolerance. The very fact that she knew this, knew how to communicate it, and worked with me to scale it was a joy and an advantage.At no point did I feel that Lori was reading from a standardized operating procedure or a script. She knew the material cold and believed in what she was saying and doing.We had a number of really great kick-offs with various teams. We sorted which ones were most engaged and focused on those cases. She helped me build up some of the resistance to null-hypothesis returns. She brought in the right folks at the right time to educate the different types of developers and product managers we had on different teams.As of 2016, several product teams have a culture of ongoing testing. Lori was a key contributor to that success.That success and the pleasure it was working with Lori forms the basis of this recommendation. If you are an impact-oriented, driven, leader, you would be very lucky to have Lori working with you. Such people are exceedingly rare.I would hire Lori for a senior role because that would guarantee she'd be deployed against the correct problems/opportunities, and, would be able to shape a culture of iteration, learning, and performance. Simon Austin Director - Inbound Marketing, Marketing Automation, Multi-Channel Next Best Action Marketing , Big Data & Analytics November 29, 2012, Christopher worked with Simon but at different companies The state of Canadian digital analytics is better off because of Simon.When it comes to high tech, Canada can only have one nice thing at a time. Under no circumstance can Canada, ever, sustain more than one major technology company at one time. Which means, Simon, at RIM, is responsible for a non-trivial percentage of overall analytical spending in Canada.And not just for a year. But over a sustained, persistent, period of time.His influence extends from Kitchener-Waterloo all the way to Spadina and Adelaide streets in Toronto, and will often spillover into New York and Chicago.Simon works with a very heterogeneous audience within RIM, ranging from executives who want the bullet points, directors looking to build solid business cases, and some of the smartest managers looking for exploitable market cleavages. He has effectively managed an orchestra of solid lines, dotted lines, sustainably, for several years. RIM is better off because of his steady hand within digital analytics.He did this effectively, and to the benefit of the industry. A lot of people are a lot better at what they do because Simon. In many instances, he led and pushed for differentiating innovation. He's an effective collaborator. He took good risks in analytics. They paid off. This has an impact beyond well beyond RIM.Simon has a background in physics and computer science. He understands and uses the scientific method. He understands technology. He really gets the business. This, too, is particularly rare and sets him apart.The basis for this recommendation, if you're ever able to work with Simon or hire him in the future, is based on what I know he's done first hand for the quality of analytics in Canada, and what he's done for RIM over the years. View 16 more recommendations View 16 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Christopher has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Digital Analytics Association UBC, UBC Certificate in Digital Strategy Christopher has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Recommendation engines at work Setting One’s Sights: Exploring the Dynamics of Goal Selection in Road Safety Policy Christopher has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award President's Award Interests INFORMS 25,707 members The Internet Marketing Conference (IMC) Group 5,802 members Analytics Society of INFORMS 2,325 members Analytic Insights 10,953 members University of Calgary 152,702 followers Data Scientists 49,117 members See all See all following
More Actions Marc Alfie has a account Marc Alfie Rañada Sourcing Associate Willis Towers Watson Philippines 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Marc Alfie’s Activity 799 followers Senior .NET Developers wanted... SEND YOUR CV TO erickamarie.castillo@volenday.com Marc Alfie liked Last April, I have concluded my role as Manager for the team specializing in offshore accounting and taxation for Australia SMSF and Private Clients. It has been an amazing 5 years working with the amazing people of PwC! Every experience are worthy to be treasured. Soon another door will open as I venture for more experience towards my journey as a professional. Marc Alfie liked Hire na toh, Panglaban sa Christmas Party. hahahaah Marc Alfie liked April Joy’s photo Marc Alfie liked I am in need of at least 2 Talent Acquisitions to be based in BGC. Happy to speak with anyone who has at least 2 years of experience in an in-house volume recruitment. Marc Alfie liked I've had a candidate cry with joy on the phone to me this morning after receiving an offer for her dream job she never thought she'll get. The client's feedback was her attitude and approach over shadowed her lack of experience for the position. Advice to employers and job seekers - attitude and willingness to learn counts for a lot! Marc Alfie liked See all activity Experience Sourcing Associate Company Name Willis Towers Watson Dates Employed 2017 – Present Employment Duration less than a year Location Bonifacio One Technology Tower, Bonifacio Global City, Taguig City Reports Analyst II Company Name Ubiquity Global Services Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Bench Tower Bonifacio Global City Taguig Data Analyst 1 Company Name RAGUS BPO Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Unionbank Plaza, Meralco Ave, Pasig City Recruitment Assistant Company Name ABS-CBN Publishing Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Interviews See 2 endorsements for Interviews 2 Interviews KC Lee and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recruiting See 2 endorsements for Recruiting 2 Recruiting KC Lee and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Human Resources See 2 endorsements for Human Resources 2 Human Resources KC Lee and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Outsourced Accountant 1,246 followers Willis Towers Watson 142,505 followers Ubiquity Global Services 1,441 followers RAGUS BPO 67 followers Pulse 1,535,220 followers
More Actions Yana has a account Yana Gal Sales Support Manager at Verizon Enterprise Solutions Verizon Enterprise Solutions Tel Aviv University Greater Philadelphia Area 241 241 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Management and leadership skills through personal example and positive attitude.Strong background and hands-on experience as a Project Manager in business software implementation for financial applications.Detail oriented with extensive experience in managing business risk by applying creative solutions to complex problems worldwide.Strategic and analytical finance professional with 15+ years of success in financial reporting, analysis and project management.Highly motivated financial/pricing analyst who thrives in high -pressure environments. Excellent financial reporting, budget, forecasting, management and team-building skills. Work efficiently with Customers, Marketing, Sales, Finance, Pre Sale and Operations located nationally and internationally. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sales Support Manager Company Name Verizon Enterprise Solutions Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos • Manage the relationships with legal, pricing, contract management, marketing, Engineering and operations.• Coach and influence the sales team on new platform requirements, capabilities and positioning of the capabilities with C level.• A key partner and advisor to the sales account teams particular around the Rapid Delivery system.• Oversaw a staff of three employees. Senior Pricing Analyst Company Name Verizon Business Public Company Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs • Develop pricing, analyze offers and approve special terms for the sale of telecommunications services to commercial customers supporting 80+ accounts worth over $130M annually.• Provide revenue reports and financial recommendations to senior management.• Create innovative pricing solutions to support aggressive sales growth.• Coordinate with legal group and presales to negotiate non- standard contract terms to ensure compliance with company guidelines.• Close contracts worth over $30 million for large customers by preparing financial analysis, pricing strategy and potential cost-savings.• Develop and maintain profitability models for various services. • Execute and report variance and gap analysis.• Identify operational process inefficiencies and recommend necessary improvements. • Helping the sales team develop bid strategies in the context of the company’s market position and competitive environment.• Guide and assist sales teams in the process of requesting special pricing, provide business cases for new and renewal business, and contract negotiations. presale support - regional leader Company Name Verizon Enterprise Solutions Dates Employed 2005 – 2016 Employment Duration 11 yrs Senior Business and Financial Analyst Company Name Exxon Mobil Corporation Dates Employed May 2003 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Provided business process and financial support for client’s operations and for management at several staffed office locations. Financial Planning and Analysis Manager Company Name Paradigm Geophysical Dates Employed 1998 – 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs See more positions Education Tel Aviv University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance,Marketing and IT Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 Tel Aviv University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 Tel Aviv University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study MBA Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 11 endorsements for Management 11 Management Endorsed by 8 of Yana’s colleagues at Verizon Enterprise Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 11 endorsements for Strategy 11 Strategy Endorsed by 8 of Yana’s colleagues at Verizon Enterprise Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 10 endorsements for Financial Analysis 10 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Tal Kedar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Yana’s colleagues at Verizon Enterprise Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations mary shannon Tax Analyst - Town of Greenburgh- Tax Receivers Department. November 18, 2011, Yana worked with mary in different groups I know Mary as a very dedicated person who is always more than 100% committed to her job. Mary is a very ambitious person, eager to help. She is always listening to the service needs from the field people and understands how to deal with them in a very cooperative, loyal and professional way. Mary is very dedicated, serious, detail and result oriented. She won't leave a request without a proper answer. Mary builds strong relationships with internal and external stakeholders. Accomplishments Yana has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Russian Interests Verizon Enterprise Solutions 221,869 followers Tel Aviv University 102,950 followers Xtel Communications, Inc. 1,353 followers Telecoms Professionals: IoT, LTE, M2M, OTT, Internet of Things, Mobile, Telecom 662,884 members Level 3 Communications 115,461 followers Sprint 215,074 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Vachss Business Data Analyst at Palantir Technologies Palantir Technologies University of California, Berkeley San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Business Data Analyst, Operations Company Name Palantir Technologies Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Advisor Company Name Quick SWPPP Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Operations Analyst Company Name Palantir Technologies Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos We were founded in 2004 by a handful of PayPal alumni and Stanford computer scientists. Since then we’ve doubled in size every year while retaining our early-stage values: a startup culture, strong work ethic, and rigorous hiring standards.We currently offer two products: Palantir Government and Palantir Finance. Both are platforms for integrating, visualizing, and analyzing the world’s information. We support many kinds of data including structured, unstructured, relational, temporal, and geospatial. Our products are built for real analysis with a focus on security, scalability, ease of use, and collaboration.Palantir Government is broadly deployed in the intelligence, defense, and law enforcement communities, and is spreading rapidly by word-of-mouth. Palantir Finance is in use at some of the world’s leading hedge funds and financial institutions. Sales and Business Operations Company Name Presenternet Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 8 mos Data, Ops and Telecommunications Specialist Company Name US Army Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Kuwait, Texas, New Mexico Maintained secure and non-secure data lines and worked in Base Operations to allocate resources as efficiently as possible in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom II Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Volunteer Experience Teacher/Tutor Company Name Project READ Literacy Network Dates volunteered Mar 2013 – Mar 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Mentor Company Name Connect-A-Kid Dates volunteered Oct 2014 – Oct 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Mentoring a child through life experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Start-ups See 21 endorsements for Start-ups 21 Start-ups Endorsed by 12 of Mike’s colleagues at Palantir Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 13 endorsements for Analytics 13 Analytics Endorsed by 8 of Mike’s colleagues at Palantir Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 13 endorsements for Data Analysis 13 Data Analysis Endorsed by Richard Dickson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Mike’s colleagues at Palantir Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Mark Weiner Director of Operations November 5, 2014, Mike worked with Mark in different groups I worked with Mark on various optimization projects and he was incredibly helpful at analyzing spend and maximizing efficiency. Also, his strong willingness to help with financial planning helped cut costs in multiple areas. Accomplishments Interests US Military Veterans Network 103,293 members Pulse 1,535,220 followers Quick SWPPP 10 followers Palantir Technologies 49,717 followers University of California, Berkeley 498,458 followers University of California, Berkeley 521,274 followers See all See all following
More Actions Aaron has a account Aaron Emery Founder at Mossback Productions Plymouth Housing Group University of Washington Redmond, Washington 121 121 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a young professional looking to provide software development skills to a company that is looking to create applications that seamlessly integrate with peoples lives. Highlights Experience Data Analyst / Grant Coordinator Company Name Plymouth Housing Group Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Seattle, WA Analysis of large data sets; SharePoint Administration; Internal HomePage development and maintenance; creation of data dashboards Founder Company Name Mossback Productions Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Redmond, WA Logo design; Web Development Barista Company Name Starbucks Coffee Company Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Help with training new employees, provide first-class customer service to each person who I encounter Education University of Washington Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Mathematics and Computer Science Grade 3.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 CS / Mathematics Bellevue Community College Degree Name Associate of Arts and Sciences (A.A.S.) Computer Science Field Of Study Computer Science Grade 3.8 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2013 Studied computer science and mathematics Volunteer Experience Tutor Company Name King County Library System Dates volunteered Aug 2012 – Jan 2013 Volunteer duration 6 mos Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Software Development See 2 endorsements for Software Development 2 Software Development Bruce Emery and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Web Design Web Design No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Python Python No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Aaron has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Dean's List Aaron has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Java Developers 426,545 members Media 3,425,371 followers Starbucks 791,599 followers Bellevue College 35,350 followers Pro Tools User 20,452 members Bellevue College 38,915 followers See all See all following
More Actions mahesh has a account mahesh gurjar data analyst at movenmagnet movenmagnet Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India 3 3 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name movenmagnet Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Indore Area, India Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Leadership & Management 24,848,714 followers India 46,702,339 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,855,056 followers Entrepreneurship 16,576,254 followers Social Media 16,343,370 followers Banking & Finance 11,211,874 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew Chung Solutions Developer at Oracle Oracle York University Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Solutions Developer, Oracle Applications Lab Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Develop solutions to improve and enhance Oracle’s internal Customer Lifecycle Management tool by cross collaborating with project managers and technical developers. Create epics and stories using JIRA to communicate business requirements to the development team by following development sprint cycles. Program Manager, OMC Operations Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 9 mos - Developed, launched, and maintain an internal request SaaS application (OARS) for the Oracle Marketing Cloud- Create various reports and graphs using Oracle SQL/PLSQL within the application to provide leaders with measurable performance metrics- Built multiple workflows, automating request processes spanning from various teams such as Customer Success, Professional Services, and Marketing- Collaborate with various stakeholders from initial scoping to training and launch- Train and demo the OARS application to drive usage amongst Customer Success Managers, Marketers, and Leaders- OARS provides Customer Success with a holistic view of account health and the ability to submit requests to maintain account relationships Technical Program Lead, Business Operations Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo - Lead various large scale projects and programs from initial scoping to closing and sign off- Develop and launch web applications for various internal operations and processes using SQL, PL/SQL, CSS, and HTML on the Oracle APEX platform - Collaborated with various levels of stakeholders ranging from managers to executives- Developed and launched 7 internal large scale applications used by various organizations such as: sales, support, education and training, and system operations within 1 year- Increased internal operational efficiency and collaboration within various organizations - Completed projects with an average project life cycle of 2 months using agile methodologies Project Analyst, Migrations Company Name Oracle Eloqua Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos - Successfully migrated 95% of all clients on Eloqua9 onto Eloqua10- Gather various data and compile reports to keep a holistic end to end view of the project - Concluded Migrations by launching the End of Life Project - Collaborate with various departments and teams to complete projects- Managed account statuses to determine migration pipeline- Compile reports for stakeholder analysis Account Manager of Canada Company Name Laserfiche Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo - Manage sales in all of Canada, reporting to the VP of International Business - Manage and maintain strong relationships throughout the channel with the Laserfiche VARs and end users - Has met and exceeded $275k quarterly budgets by at least 115%- First and only account manager on the international team to become “Gold Certified” in product knowledge- Received praise for being able to present, pitch, and demonstrate the Laserfiche software at a level that exceeded management expectations - Served as the designated sales and product resource for the successful launch of Laserfiche and Ricoh Canada’s Cloud based ECM solution: “RCloud”- Performed product and sales training for new employees in the channel- Attended various trade shows and conferences throughout Canada and Los Angeles to promote Laserfiche Education York University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Business & Society Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Oracle Application Express Oracle Application Express No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Oracle Applications Oracle Applications No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Business Process Automation See 2 endorsements for Business Process Automation 2 Business Process Automation Charles Chung and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Jubair Ahmed Cloud Solutions @ Oracle Applications Lab April 26, 2017, Jubair managed Matthew directly Passionate, driven, and a natural leader, Matthew has been an integral part of the team from day one. Coming into the role in the midst of a major team change is not an easy task by any means. There are unique challenges and continuous disruptions which would make most new hires think twice about joining. However, Matthew not only overcame these obstacles, but did so while establishing himself within the team. Moving into the Business Operations team, Matthew showed he was not only a capable addition to the team but has a varied skillset to go with the role. This is Matthew’s true strength, a jack of all trades that works rapidly in any environment.Matthew has shown he can take on projects that others may shy away from and do so with confidence. The APEX project was a cornerstone in Matthew’s development helping him in learning new skills, defining business requirements, and introducing disruptive innovation. Matthew played a critical role in developing systems and tools for the entire organization to leverage. These tools provide reporting data, analytical insight, project tracking, and serve to enhance & integrate the OMC Support team. All that said, Matthew is very approachable and quick to help others when asked. His eagerness to work with other members of the team and assist with additional projects without batting an eye speaks volumes to his character. Any team would be lucky to have him! Jubair Ahmed Cloud Solutions @ Oracle Applications Lab April 26, 2017, Matthew reported directly to Jubair As the manager of Transitions, he led the drive to have over 95% of clients migrate from their Eloqua 9 system to Eloqua 10. This required managing a team to carry out individual tasks in different areas of work, hosting regular meetings with clients, defining business and technical requirements to clients. Jubair demonstrates the ability to tackle any problem he is tasked to solve. He is a dynamic individual with experience in numerous fields such as defining business requirements, process management, technical requirements, and managing people. There have been no problems Jubair couldn't solve and it's extremely rare to find a professional that is as sharp as he is with a strong business and technical acumen. I've had the pleasure of reporting directly to Jubair and I can confidently say that his skills and experience reflect the type of manager he is. A fearless leader who looks out for his team and ensures the best for them. I would strongly recommend Jubair for any role or opportunity he seeks as he demonstrates the ability to learn, adapt, and solution quickly. Joyce Ng  Apple Solutions Consultant December 6, 2012, Joyce was senior to Matthew but didn’t manage directly With Joyce's expertise in resolving client issues, it was no surprise that she was promoted to Customer Service Supervisor at Future Shop. Joyce always ensured that the client's satisfaction was a top priority and the consumer's experience at Future Shop was not comparable to any other retail store. She brought professionalism and integrity and used them to excel in her career at Future Shop. Accomplishments Matthew has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified ScrumMaster Project Management Life Cycle Matthew has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Certified ScrumMaster - Berteig Consulting Project Management Life Cycle Interests Pulse 1,535,221 followers Eloqua 23,119 followers Google 4,871,515 followers Oracle 2,119,773 followers The Walt Disney Company 965,120 followers VICE Media 157,634 followers
More Actions Yana has a account Yana Gal Sales Support Manager at Verizon Enterprise Solutions Verizon Enterprise Solutions Tel Aviv University Greater Philadelphia Area 241 241 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Management and leadership skills through personal example and positive attitude.Strong background and hands-on experience as a Project Manager in business software implementation for financial applications.Detail oriented with extensive experience in managing business risk by applying creative solutions to complex problems worldwide.Strategic and analytical finance professional with 15+ years of success in financial reporting, analysis and project management.Highly motivated financial/pricing analyst who thrives in high -pressure environments. Excellent financial reporting, budget, forecasting, management and team-building skills. Work efficiently with Customers, Marketing, Sales, Finance, Pre Sale and Operations located nationally and internationally. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sales Support Manager Company Name Verizon Enterprise Solutions Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos • Manage the relationships with legal, pricing, contract management, marketing, Engineering and operations.• Coach and influence the sales team on new platform requirements, capabilities and positioning of the capabilities with C level.• A key partner and advisor to the sales account teams particular around the Rapid Delivery system.• Oversaw a staff of three employees. Senior Pricing Analyst Company Name Verizon Business Public Company Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs • Develop pricing, analyze offers and approve special terms for the sale of telecommunications services to commercial customers supporting 80+ accounts worth over $130M annually.• Provide revenue reports and financial recommendations to senior management.• Create innovative pricing solutions to support aggressive sales growth.• Coordinate with legal group and presales to negotiate non- standard contract terms to ensure compliance with company guidelines.• Close contracts worth over $30 million for large customers by preparing financial analysis, pricing strategy and potential cost-savings.• Develop and maintain profitability models for various services. • Execute and report variance and gap analysis.• Identify operational process inefficiencies and recommend necessary improvements. • Helping the sales team develop bid strategies in the context of the company’s market position and competitive environment.• Guide and assist sales teams in the process of requesting special pricing, provide business cases for new and renewal business, and contract negotiations. presale support - regional leader Company Name Verizon Enterprise Solutions Dates Employed 2005 – 2016 Employment Duration 11 yrs Senior Business and Financial Analyst Company Name Exxon Mobil Corporation Dates Employed May 2003 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Provided business process and financial support for client’s operations and for management at several staffed office locations. Financial Planning and Analysis Manager Company Name Paradigm Geophysical Dates Employed 1998 – 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs See more positions Education Tel Aviv University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance,Marketing and IT Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 Tel Aviv University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 Tel Aviv University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study MBA Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 11 endorsements for Management 11 Management Endorsed by 8 of Yana’s colleagues at Verizon Enterprise Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 11 endorsements for Strategy 11 Strategy Endorsed by 8 of Yana’s colleagues at Verizon Enterprise Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 10 endorsements for Financial Analysis 10 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Tal Kedar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Yana’s colleagues at Verizon Enterprise Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations mary shannon Tax Analyst - Town of Greenburgh- Tax Receivers Department. November 18, 2011, Yana worked with mary in different groups I know Mary as a very dedicated person who is always more than 100% committed to her job. Mary is a very ambitious person, eager to help. She is always listening to the service needs from the field people and understands how to deal with them in a very cooperative, loyal and professional way. Mary is very dedicated, serious, detail and result oriented. She won't leave a request without a proper answer. Mary builds strong relationships with internal and external stakeholders. Accomplishments Yana has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Russian Interests Comcast 196,333 followers Sprint 215,074 followers Optibase Inc. 354 followers Tel Aviv University 102,950 followers IBM 3,427,616 followers CenturyLink 69,975 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Vachss Business Data Analyst at Palantir Technologies Palantir Technologies University of California, Berkeley San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Business Data Analyst, Operations Company Name Palantir Technologies Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Advisor Company Name Quick SWPPP Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Operations Analyst Company Name Palantir Technologies Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos We were founded in 2004 by a handful of PayPal alumni and Stanford computer scientists. Since then we’ve doubled in size every year while retaining our early-stage values: a startup culture, strong work ethic, and rigorous hiring standards.We currently offer two products: Palantir Government and Palantir Finance. Both are platforms for integrating, visualizing, and analyzing the world’s information. We support many kinds of data including structured, unstructured, relational, temporal, and geospatial. Our products are built for real analysis with a focus on security, scalability, ease of use, and collaboration.Palantir Government is broadly deployed in the intelligence, defense, and law enforcement communities, and is spreading rapidly by word-of-mouth. Palantir Finance is in use at some of the world’s leading hedge funds and financial institutions. Sales and Business Operations Company Name Presenternet Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 8 mos Data, Ops and Telecommunications Specialist Company Name US Army Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Kuwait, Texas, New Mexico Maintained secure and non-secure data lines and worked in Base Operations to allocate resources as efficiently as possible in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom II Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Volunteer Experience Teacher/Tutor Company Name Project READ Literacy Network Dates volunteered Mar 2013 – Mar 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Mentor Company Name Connect-A-Kid Dates volunteered Oct 2014 – Oct 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Mentoring a child through life experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Start-ups See 21 endorsements for Start-ups 21 Start-ups Endorsed by 12 of Mike’s colleagues at Palantir Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 13 endorsements for Analytics 13 Analytics Endorsed by 8 of Mike’s colleagues at Palantir Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 13 endorsements for Data Analysis 13 Data Analysis Endorsed by Richard Dickson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Mike’s colleagues at Palantir Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Mark Weiner Director of Operations November 5, 2014, Mike worked with Mark in different groups I worked with Mark on various optimization projects and he was incredibly helpful at analyzing spend and maximizing efficiency. Also, his strong willingness to help with financial planning helped cut costs in multiple areas. Accomplishments Interests University of California, Berkeley 498,422 followers Notable Labs 455 followers Quick SWPPP 10 followers US Military Veterans Network 103,294 members Palantir Technologies 49,717 followers Optimizely 34,077 followers See all See all following
More Actions Aaron has a account Aaron Emery Founder at Mossback Productions Plymouth Housing Group University of Washington Redmond, Washington 121 121 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a young professional looking to provide software development skills to a company that is looking to create applications that seamlessly integrate with peoples lives. Highlights Experience Data Analyst / Grant Coordinator Company Name Plymouth Housing Group Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Seattle, WA Analysis of large data sets; SharePoint Administration; Internal HomePage development and maintenance; creation of data dashboards Founder Company Name Mossback Productions Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Redmond, WA Logo design; Web Development Barista Company Name Starbucks Coffee Company Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Help with training new employees, provide first-class customer service to each person who I encounter Education University of Washington Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Mathematics and Computer Science Grade 3.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 CS / Mathematics Bellevue Community College Degree Name Associate of Arts and Sciences (A.A.S.) Computer Science Field Of Study Computer Science Grade 3.8 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2013 Studied computer science and mathematics Volunteer Experience Tutor Company Name King County Library System Dates volunteered Aug 2012 – Jan 2013 Volunteer duration 6 mos Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Software Development See 2 endorsements for Software Development 2 Software Development Bruce Emery and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Web Design Web Design No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Python Python No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Aaron has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Dean's List Aaron has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests University of Oregon 24,053 members Bellevue College 35,350 followers TechCrunch 1,619,994 followers VC & Private Equity 1,917,734 followers Drums & Percussion Players 8,529 members The Atlantic 756,793 followers See all See all following
More Actions Zara has a account Zara Heydarzadeh Data and Reporting/BI Analyst Uniting Care Community Queensland University of Technology Brisbane, Australia 325 325 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Zara has worked as Technical Business\Data Analyst and Reporting Specialist, on a variety of enterprise resource planning and improvement projects in data, process and system level. She applied her knowledge of maths and IT to provide solutions in domains including cost control, budgeting,accounting, project management, corporate management,strategic planning and performance appraisal, IT service delivery and production planning.Industry Experience : automotive, holding and financial service, software (banking) and community service( Child and Family Service , Aged Care)Domain : 1- Accounting and Management Accounting,Spending Analysis, Cost Control, Cost Accounting,Throughput Accounting 2- Feasibility Study , Business Plan, Budgeting and Control , Strategic Planning and Control, Performance Analysis, Market Research , Project Planning, 3-Theory of Constraint , Production Planning, Quality Management and Control, Inventory , Sales and Purchase.4- IT service Management.- Performed data analysis and developed integrated reports of operational and strategic management level. .Tools and techniques: SQL Server,Power BI, Power Pivot ,Power Query, SQL Server Reporting Service(SSRS),SQL Server Analysis Service(SSAS), Solver, Pivot Table,SharePoint, VBA, Power BI, DAX, SPSS, QuickBooks, Myob, Matlab, AHP.- Performed system analysis in both a RUP methodology, Scrum methodology(Agile) project environment.Tools\Techniques\Methods.-Performed process improvement.Tools\Techniques\Methods applied : PDCA, KPIs,Benchmarking, Gap Analysis, APQC, EFQM,BSC, ISO ,TS, QS and ITIL standard .-Performed system implementation and support.-Performed project planning and control : PMBOK, MS Project. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Zara’s Activity 324 followers A professional Example of a Dashboard, developed simply in an Excel page: Zara shared this See all activity Experience Reporting Analyst Company Name Uniting Care Community Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Strategic Planning Technical Analyst Company Name Able Australia Dates Employed Dec 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Able Ipswich and West Moreton region , QLD Knowledge Area : Strategic Planning and Control, Community Service• Designing strategic planning and control system. and board reports.• Defining Performance Indicators (PIs).• Developing Strategic Planning system in Access, and corporate reports, using advanced reporting tools of Excel Business/Data Analyst Company Name Narm Rubber Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Brisbane, Australia Knowledge Area : Accounting, Material Resource Planning, MIS . • Modeled and analysed production planning, quality, sales, ordering and inventory data model (AS-IS)• Improved integrated data model. (TO-BE). • Developed Material Resource Planning (MRP) in Access and Excel, integrated with Sales and Production Planning systems. Business\Data Analyst Company Name Tosan (Kishware), Banking software providor Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Iran Knowlwdge Area : Service (ITIL Standard), Managerial Accounting, Project Management , Performance Analysis.Data analysis and reporting:• Performance Report development with SSRS and SSAS• Sales Dashboard design and development with SSAS • Spend and Consumption behaviour analysis to revise procurement process • Data analysis and forecast on determining organisation units’ petty cash• Service performance indicators trend and forecast analysis and reporting • Organisation performance appraisal analysis and reporting • Extracting/collecting, validating and manipulating data with SQL and developing metrics • Data analysis and forecast on determining business trip expenses• Business Trip linear planning with MATLABProcess modelling/documenting and improvement :• Incident Management and Request Fulfilment • Service Cost Accounting system and processes • Petty Cash Analysis• Business Trip Budget Media (1) This position has 1 media Tosan website Tosan website This media is a link Business/Data Analyst Company Name Iran Khodro Investment Development Organisation, Holding and financial service Dates Employed Feb 2004 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos Location Iran Knowledge Area : Accounting , Managerial Accounting, Corporate Management, Strategic Planning, Automotive, Leasing, InsuranceData analysis and reporting :• Subsidiaries' performance appraisal analysis and reporting • Collecting , validating and manipulating data and entering data from different internal and external data sources • Developing ad-hoc reports on a specific affiliated company System Analysis in software development projects :• Requirement gathering , designing data model(ERD) ,documenting business rules and controls, designing forms and reports, preparing test plan and performing functional and integrity in "Subsidiaries' portal project"• Requirement gathering , designing data model ,documenting business rules and controls, designing forms and reports, preparing test plan and performing functional and integrity test in "TOC operation System" Process modelling/documenting and improvement :• Assisting with job analysis and documenting organisation job description as a member of job description committee.System Implementation and Support :• Subsidiaries' portal project• TOC-based Operation system and Throughput management accounting in manufacturing• General Accounting, Payroll and Human Resource systems Media (1) This position has 1 media IKIDO English Catalouge IKIDO English Catalouge This media is a link See more positions Education Queensland University of Technology Degree Name Graduate Diploma Field Of Study Professional Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Industrial Management Institute Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Executive Management Grade Master Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Sharif University of Technology Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2001 In the 2013 Academic Ranking of World Universities Engineering/Technology and Computer Sciences rankings, SUT is ranked 5th in the Middle East.[7] It is in the top 251-275 universities in the world and 37th in Asia in the 2014 Times Higher Education World University Rankings. SUT also ranked 1st in the Middle East, 6th in Asia, and 27th in the world in Times Higher Education's top 100 universities under 50.Ref : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sharif_University_of_Technology See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 45 endorsements for Business Analysis 45 Business Analysis Maziiar Ebrahim Abadi and 44 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills MS Project See 26 endorsements for MS Project 26 MS Project Nargess Taghavi and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 31 endorsements for Business Intelligence 31 Business Intelligence Maziiar Ebrahim Abadi and 30 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Zara has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Agile Project Management IT Project management based on PMBOK & PRINCE 2 ITIL Foundation UML&RUP Workshop SQL Server 2005 Implementation Zara has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests NODET Students (Sampad) 3,453 members TOSAN (Banking and Payment Solutions Provider) 2,214 followers Robert Walters 371,469 followers HBF Health 4,226 followers Able Australia 391 followers Lime Resourcing 2,223 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anne has a account Anne Rachel Assistant Manager at HSBC HDPI - Analytics HSBC IIITB Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Currently working as an Assistant Manager for US Credit Cards campaign execution team.Targeting customers for marketing and service campaigns .Tweak the design of the campaign based on the performance reports .Executing campaigns effectively and accurately. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Anne’s Activity 590 followers 8 habits of lucky people: 1. They work hard 2. They complain less 3. They are happy to reach others 4. They are willing to share credit 5. They are on time 6. They are kind 7. They are teachable 8. They show gratitude Anne liked Ashok’s photo Anne liked See all activity Experience Assistant Manager Company Name HSBC Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Data Analyst Company Name HSBC Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Bangalore Intern as an Analyst Company Name HSBC Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Summer Intern Company Name Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Visakhapatnam I am the lead of a team which worked on analyzing different approaches of deploying 3G network in India. We worked on different compatibility issues that may occur while replacing 2G network with 3G. Our work also comprised of dealing with security issues like Session hijacking, E commerce, automatic downloading of malware into mobile phone.We also studied and implemented latest protocols like UDP,TCP/IP and FTP for Broadband networks. Education IIITB Degree Name Master of Technology (MTech) Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 GITAM University Degree Name Bachelor of Technology (BTech) Field Of Study Electronics and Communications Engineering Grade CGPA : 9.01/10 Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Member of IETE Sri Chaithanya Degree Name MPC(Maths, Physics,Chemistry) Grade 95.3% Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 See more education Volunteer Experience volunteer Company Name HelpAge India Dates volunteered Jul 2006 – Jul 2006 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements C See 17 endorsements for C 17 C Chandan Das and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 13 endorsements for Verilog 13 Verilog Chandan Das and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 11 endorsements for Matlab 11 Matlab Chandan Das and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Anne has 19 courses 19 Expand courses section Courses Algorithms Analog Circuit Design Analog and Digital Electronics Communication Systems Computer Programming Data Management Deep Submicron Design of IC Fabrication Digital Logic Design Discrete Time Signal Processing Anne has 8 projects 8 Expand projects section Projects Design of 16 bit successive approximation A/D converter System On Chip Verification project Design of High Speed Voltage Comparator FINFET based Sense Amplfier using Hspice Temperature Aware operating System(Linux) 136-bit Floating Point Multipler Virtual File System Performance and Evaluation of three node tandem communication network Anne has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Machine Learning SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9 Excel Telecom professional certification Anne has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Service excellence award Leading light award Team star award Anne has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Telugu Anne has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores Base SAS certification Gate 2012 Interests J.P. Morgan 821,717 followers TCS Communications 1,190 followers Big Data | Data Science | A.I. | IoT | Machine Learning | Robotics 12,823 members NXP acquires Freescale Semiconductor 98,356 followers STMicroelectronics 116,778 followers Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,357,296 followers See all See all following
More Actions ABDUL has a account ABDUL MATIN QC Analyst at intelegent image management ltd INTELEGENT IMAGE MANAGEMENT LTD the goverment titumir college Bangladesh 100 100 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent HI!My name is MD.ABDUL MATIN. I am a data analyst and have skills in internet research, Microsoft-excel, Microsoft-word, email handling etc. I worked as a QC DATA ANALYST for the last one years. My basic tasks were email handling, web research and data entry. My main goals are: -to provide the highest quality of service, in the most effective way. - to utilize my knowledge and expertise in helping any person or company. -to provide quality services to my colleague and help them by using all of my skills and knowledge that I have acquired through my past experiences. To meet these, I will finish all assignments on time, do all tasks in an excellent way, and create a good working relationship with all members. I am looking for a job that provides the opportunity to use the skills and techniques acquired throughout my earlier work experiences.ThanksYour SincerelyMD.ABDUL MATIN See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} ABDUL’S Articles 100 followers ABOUT PERSONS ABDUL MATIN on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 9, 2016 See all articles Experience Data Quality Analyst Company Name INTELEGENT IMAGE MANAGEMENT LTD QC Analyst Company Name intelegent image management ltd i am work as a qc analyst. there are some responsibilities for me. at first i am doing quality control.doing correction doing identify where are many error comes. how can improve our quality. etc Data Analyst Company Name Self-employed Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location dhaka bangladesh Data Quality Analyst Company Name intelegent image management ltd Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Education the goverment titumir college Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study bengali Grade 3.00 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 shahid akbar ali college Degree Name HSC Field Of Study HUMANITIES Grade 4.10 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: debates LAHIRI M L HIGH SCHOOL Degree Name High School Field Of Study humanities Grade GPA 3.75 Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Activities and Societies: swiming Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis Data Analysis No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Data Entry Data Entry No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining Data Mining No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments ABDUL has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English HINDI bangla ABDUL has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification computer basic ABDUL has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization imml Interests Ian BremmerIan Bremmer is a LinkedIn Influencer President at Eurasia Group 1,373,129 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,598,530 followers Dr. Travis BradberryDr. Travis Bradberry is a LinkedIn Influencer Coauthor EMOTIONAL INTELLIGENCE 2.0 & President at TalentSmart 1,727,004 followers TK Maxx 28,485 followers
More Actions Rachel has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Rachel Keane Recruitment Consultant at Datatech Analytics Datatech Analytics Nottingham Trent University Reading, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Rachel’s Activity 6,182 followers Great role that Teresa Cheeseman is sourcing - Exceptional earning potential! Rachel shared this ** I'm hiring ** Currently looking for an Insight Analyst to work within an Online team for a Client who is a leader in their field. You will be working with large data sets, using cutting edge technology. You must have experience with SQL, Hadoop or Tableau and any experience with R or Python would be advantageous. This is a perm role in the South East, please email me your CV if interested oross@datatech.org.uk Rachel liked Really exciting new role!!! Analytics Manager - London - This role is to help the Head of Analytics take the 18 strong team to the next level. You will ensure delivery and growth of analytical products and services, delivering the right skills and capacity to secure new developments and opportunities. This is an opportunity to be part of a fantastic change project! Based in the city, please contact me for more information. zoe.caplan-hill@datatech.org.uk Rachel liked Rachel shared this Rachel shared this Sarah’s photo Rachel shared this See all activity Experience Consultant Company Name Datatech Analytics Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 2 mos I am a specialist recruiter in the field of Analytics, Statistics and Operational Research. Recruitment Consultant Company Name Datatech Search and Selection Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 2 mos Professional recruiter in the field of Analytics, Statistics and Operational Research Owner Company Name Keane Communications Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Recruitment Consultant Company Name Right4Staff Dates Employed 2001 – 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education Nottingham Trent University Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Richard Aldworth Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recruiting See 70 endorsements for Recruiting 70 Recruiting Endorsed by 4 of Rachel’s colleagues at Datatech Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 50 endorsements for Analytics 50 Analytics Endorsed by Teresa Cheeseman and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Rachel’s colleagues at Datatech Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills Contract Recruitment See 49 endorsements for Contract Recruitment 49 Contract Recruitment Endorsed by 2 of Rachel’s colleagues at Datatech Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (3) Freya Holland Effectiveness Consultant at Ebiquity, previously OR at EY February 2, 2017, Freya was a client of Rachel’s I am so grateful to Rachel for helping me to secure a job. I wouldn’t have found the role if it wasn’t for her. She was extremely positive and supportive the whole way through the process and really gave me confidence in myself when going through the application process. Rachel was extremely quick to reply and I felt she always gave her honest but professional opinion. It was a pleasure getting to know her and I felt she really made the effort to build a professional relationship. From this, I had complete confidence in her ability to represent me to potential employers and I could not have wished for anyone better to do this. Changing job is a big transition and I feel she really understood this and took my thoughts and needs into consideration when looking for employers. Rachel also negotiated contract terms on my behalf, which I really appreciated and I really cannot thank her enough for everything. I hope this recommendation does justice to all the help and support Rachel gave me. I know I have gained a great contact in Rachel and I would never hesitate to contact her in the future when looking for new opportunities. Helen Mitchell HR Business Partner, EMEA February 10, 2013, Helen was a client of Rachel’s I worked with Rachel for a number of months while I was based on site at Aimia. Rachel is fantastic! She is always alert, informed, at the end of the phone whenever you need her, will go the extra mile to attend recruitment briefings and delivers! View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Helen Mitchell HR Business Partner, EMEA February 10, 2013, Rachel was a client of Helen’s I worked with Helen for a number of months while she was working on site at Aimia. She was a pleasure to work with, always very polite and helpful and went the extra mile to ensure that her service was seamless.I hope to work with her again as she made my life a lot easier! I wish you well Helen, and hope that our paths cross again! Stephanie John Talent Acquisition Specialist at Qantas - Mainline Pilot Recruitment July 15, 2011, Stephanie worked with Rachel in the same group I had the pleasure with working alongside Stephanie for 12 months. Stephanie is a true professional, and has the ability to deliver high results and expectations, proving invaluable to both the clients and candidates she is assisting in the recruitment process.A fun and enthusiastic individual with the drive, expertise and ambition to suceed in any task she undertakes. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Behavioral Economics Group 36,592 members Junior Analyst Career 5,511 members Trend & Shopper Insights 11,453 members Microsoft Power BI 8,169 members Pulse 1,535,221 followers The OR Society 4,809 members See all See all following
More Actions Colin has a account Colin Williams Seeking Immediate Data, Process or Architecture Role (Contract or Permanent) Boeing Defence UK Ltd (Contract) Birmingham City University Bristol, Bristol, United Kingdom 198 198 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I have worked in industry since 1980 and in Information Technology since 1985 with experience of both permanent employment and freelance assignments. I began my I.T. career as a software developer, but quickly developed expertise in systems analysis and design with specific skills in data and process modelling. I also have good experience of I.T. Architectures, System Strategy and Change Initiatives.I have business and systems knowledge in a number of industry sectors such as financial services, manufacturing, utilities, government and retail. I have worked for such diverse organisations as Rank Xerox, Somerfield Foodmarkets, AXA Sun Life and the Ministry of Defence. My most recent positions have been as a Data Analyst for Unum Ltd and a Business Analyst at Boeing Defence UK Ltd. During my time at Unum, I was involved in the Solvency II regulatory initiative as well as Data Warehouse design and insurance package assessment activities, all mission critical projects. At Boeing I was responsible for capturing business and system requirements for the organisation’s document management system.I am self-motivated, operating equally effectively as an individual, as part of a team or in a management or consulting role. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Analyst Company Name Boeing Defence UK Ltd (Contract) Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Bristol, United Kingdom Accountable for the capture and analysis of business and system requirements for the organisation’s document management system. This involved the capture of requirements for a document register to meet the needs of the ISO9001 standard.Specific Responsibilities• The gathering of requirements for the processing and management of company policy and procedure documents under the stewardship of the quality department.• An analysis and assessment of the current system to outline any required changes.• The verification of existing workflows and the design of new executable workflows for the SharePoint platform.• The identification of relevant SharePoint workflow data requirements.Reason for Leaving: End of Contract Data Analyst Company Name Unum UK Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Bristol, United Kingdom Accountable for all aspects of data modelling for the company. This included not only logical data modelling, but also physical data design including warehouse dimensional modelling. Also heavily influential in the way CaseTools were used and data management implemented.Responsibilities• Data Warehouse Analyst• Solvency II Process Analyst• Defining and implementing a suitable baseline Data Model for management and control.• Managing and configuring tools to support a model-driven approach to development.• Part of a global team preparing and rolling out Data policies.• Part of the Package Assessment team for the IT Transformation project.• Supporting system development projects during analysis and design phases. Consultant Business Analyst Company Name Hanson Aggregates UK Ltd. Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Apr 2006 Employment Duration 4 mos Accountable for the analysis and documentation of Internal Controls and Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance as back-office functions were migrated to a new enterprise software package. Responsibilities• Documenting purchasing and purchase ledger business processes.• Identifying and documenting operational and compliance risks associated with these processes.• Designing Internal controls to satisfy company objectives and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance.• Mapping business processes and controls to the purchasing module of the J. D. Edwards software package. Consultant Business Analyst Company Name M.O.D Dates Employed Dec 2004 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 7 mos Business Analyst accountable for the provision of key information enabling the migration and rationalisation of numerous logistics applications to a common environment. Responsibilities• Managing key information about MOD logistics applications.• Providing customer support to MOD staff members filling in information questionnaires.• Designing and building a suitable programme database to achieve better management of application information gathering processes.• Acting as the programme database system administrator providing regular, visible management information. Business Development Company Name Re-Training and Diversification Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Nov 2004 Employment Duration 11 mos A period spent diversifying into new areas of opportunity• Achieved an Accounts Technician diploma, becoming a member of the Institute of Certified Book-keepers (ICB).• Designed and created direct marketing software for a small theatre company for direct marketing purposes.• Explored a business case for a complex internet-based game looking at the revenues, costs and investment appraisal associated with it. See more positions Education Birmingham City University Degree Name B.A Field Of Study Business Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Hereford Sixth Form College Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1975 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 13 endorsements for Business Analysis 13 Business Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Colin’s colleagues at Unum UK Click and drag to reorder skills Data Modeling See 9 endorsements for Data Modeling 9 Data Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Colin’s colleagues at Unum UK Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 7 endorsements for Data Warehousing 7 Data Warehousing Chandra Ram and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests KDR Recruitment Ltd 6,896 followers Unum UK 8,164 followers Standard Life 34,380 followers ACORD 3,228 followers Data Warehousing (Business Intelligence, ETL) Professional's Group 75,547 members Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,182,129 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Berens, MD, MBA Senior Biotechnology Analyst, Executive Director at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent II-ranked senior analyst at Morgan Stanley covering the biotechnology sector. Fomer senior research analyst and healthcare sector head at Bloomberg. Pharmaceutical industry experience as senior executive at venture capital/private equity backed pharmaceutical company in Business Development division. Doctorate of Medicine with 12 years of clinical experience and management positions. Global MBA degrees with concentration in finance, accounting and strategy. Guest lecturer at Columbia Business School and Boston University School of Management in Finance and Valuation. Research experience in oncology/genetics and cellular transport characterization laboratories.Specialties: BiotechnologySpecialty PharmaceuticalsEquity ResearchFinancial ServicesHealthcarePharmaceuticalsMedicineFinancial ValuationStrategy See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Biotechnology Analyst, Executive Director Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Lead coverage of small and mid-cap biotechnology companies: ICPT, RLYP, ZSPH, KERX, RMTI, XLRN, OCUL, GWPH, VSAR, CEMP, AKBA, INCY, SGEN, TSRO, CLVS2016 Runner-Up Institutional Investor Small/Mid Cap Biotech Sector Therapeutic Areas of Interest: Anemia Management, CKD/ESRD Oncology, Hematology, Viral, Therapeutics,Osteoporosis, Orphan DiseasesSeries 7, 63, 86, 87 certified by FINRA Senior Biotechnology Analyst, Senior Vice President Company Name FBR Capital Markets Dates Employed May 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Lead coverage of medium and large cap biotechnology companies: GILD, ICPT, NPSP, AMAG, ENTA, ACHN, KERX, RMTI, XLRNTherapeutic Areas of Interest: Anemia Management, CKD/ESRD, Oncology, Hematology, Viral Therapeutics,Osteoporosis, Orphan DiseasesSeries 7, 63, 86, 87 certified by FINRA Senior Research Analyst, Healthcare Sector Head Company Name Bloomberg Dates Employed Oct 2009 – May 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Senior research analystHealthcare sector headSpecialized in drug forecasting using epidemiology data and demand dataCreated Biotechnology, Large Pharma, and Specialty Pharma research portals for Bloomberg IndustriesInstrumental in creating Epidemiology Database of key therapeutic areasCreated Multiple analytic tools used by investors to value equities Senior Director of Business Development, Search & Evaluation Company Name Ikaria Pharmaceuticals Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 7 mos Identification and analysis of acquisition and in-licensing candidates.Research development of early and late stage pharmaceutical products.2 in-licensing deals and 1 acquisition closed during tenure.Mergers and acquisitions, deal structure. Equity Research Analyst-Vice President Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed May 2007 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity Research Analyst covering large, mid and small cap biotech companies.Ranked #1 Junior Analyst at Merrill (StarMine) &amp; Honorable Mention by Institutional Investor.Lead coverage for Amgen, Genentech, Biogen Idec, Onyx, OSI Pharmacueticals, Rigel, AMAG Pharmaceuticals and Affymax.Responsibilities included financial modeling, valuation, writing research reports, issuing recommendations to clients/sales force, vetting investment banking opportunities, company initiations, and frequent dialogue with company management/institutional clients. See more positions Education Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Strategy, Valuation Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Dean's List Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society London Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Strategy Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Dean's List Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society Emory University School of Medicine Degree Name MD Field Of Study medicine Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 34 endorsements for Valuation 34 Valuation Endorsed by Adam Quinton and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Andrew’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 25 endorsements for Financial Modeling 25 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Adam Quinton and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Andrew’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 24 endorsements for Equity Research 24 Equity Research Endorsed by Raghuram Selvaraju, PhD, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Andrew’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (3) Thomas Foster Partner - Foster Rosenblatt September 23, 2010, Andrew was a client of Thomas’ Andy is keen intellect and healthcare analyst. His combined business analytical skills and medical knowledge allow him to understand value and risk as few others can. His work at Bloomberg is creating "game changing" analytical tools for the healthcare industry. Thomas McGahren Senior Managing Director, Investment Banking, Griffin Securities, Inc. October 26, 2009, Thomas managed Andrew directly Andrew is a true professional with a terrific worth ethic. He routinely conducted outstanding and out-of-the-box due diligence to construct sound investment theses for clients in the biotech world. It was my pleasure to supervise and work with Andrew and Bloomberg will greatly benefit from his keen intelligence, MD/MBA background, tremendous biotech research work and great personality. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Heather Slowik Kwon Business Development Executive | Client Manager | Strategic Communications Professional July 18, 2012, Heather worked with Andrew in the same group I worked directly with Heather for 2 years at Citigroup on a very productive and prolific team that was II-ranked. Heather was the backbone of our team, writing much of the product, as well as editing all the work our team produced. She always had insightful, analytical input, and was able to learn the complex field of Biotechnology without any difficulty. I have yet to meet anyone with Heather's level of diligence, work ethic and dedication in my 3 careers. It was a sad day when our team of 4 ended. Billy Welliver Owner, Welliver Media October 8, 2009, Andrew was a client of Billy’s Billy has a passion for his work that is unsurpassed. He is extremely talented and creative, and it is apparent in his productions. He came with us on our trip to Greece, and it was an amazing experience. The video has won several awards, a testimony to Billy's ability and passion. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,221 followers Emory University School of Medicine 11,606 followers London Business School 120,353 followers Columbia Business School 73,815 followers Emory University School of Medicine 10,531 followers Merrill Lynch Employees and Alumni 7,022 members See all See all following
More Actions Sylvain has a account Sylvain Mielot, PMP Big Data Architect Rogers Communications Centrale Lille Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Specialties: --Technology--Data architect, Data warehouseSQL ServerCertified Cloudera Hadoop and HBase Developer.Net Technologies--Project Management--PMPAgileScrumProcess EngineeringLean/Six Sigma Highlights Experience Big Data Architect Company Name Rogers Communications Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Senior Analytic Engineer (Big Data) Company Name Kobo Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Toronto, Canada Area Senior Database Developer Company Name Oracle (via Eloqua acquisition) Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 1 mo Location Toronto, Canada Area Senior Database Developer Company Name Eloqua (acquired by Oracle) Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Database Administrator Company Name Marketwired Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area See more positions Education Centrale Lille Degree Name M.Sc. Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1999 Project Management Institute Degree Name PMP Field Of Study Project Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 University of Toronto Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft SQL Server See 45 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 45 Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by Bogdan R. and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sylvain’s colleagues at Rakuten Kobo Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Scrum See 38 endorsements for Scrum 38 Scrum Endorsed by 3 of Sylvain’s colleagues at Rakuten Kobo Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 32 endorsements for Databases 32 Databases Endorsed by Teimuraz Bekurishvili and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Sylvain’s colleagues at Rakuten Kobo Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Bala K ETL Developer at Scotiabank August 23, 2011, Bala worked with Sylvain in the same group I worked with Bala for over a year and a half at Marketwire. During this time he impressed me with his exceptional work ethic, his technical skills and consummate professionalism. He is a true team player, steps in when needed and goes above and beyond to get a specific task accomplished. Bala also works well under pressure, is a very motivated individual and focuses not only on the task at hand, but the bigger picture as well. His attention to detail is second to none, with no stone left unturned in ensuring that every facet of each module is as perfect as it could be. It would be a pleasure to work with him again. Accomplishments Sylvain has 9 certifications 9 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Science Specialization Developer Certification for Apache Spark Cloudera Certified Developer for Apache Hadoop Cloudera Certified Specialist in Apache HBase Certificate in advanced project management Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) v3 Foundations Certificate Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) Project Management Professional (PMP) Agile Certified Practitioner Sylvain has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Interests ARES Staffing Solutions 1,852 followers League Inc. 3,544 followers Raptors Republic 75 followers University of Toronto 370,901 followers Scrum Practitioners 110,006 members ACT Responsible 148 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gangadhar has a account Gangadhar Ambati Upstream senior data analyst at Cyient Cyient West Godavari, Andhra Pradesh, India 192 192 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a Geophysicist from Andhra University during 2008-2010. I have been working with Infotech Enterprises currently Cyient since 5 year as a Upstream Oil and Gas senior data analyst.Where we are dealing with Oil and Gas wells such as drillings,logs,completions and production volumes of IHS data which is in United States.I have good analytic skills to intepret the data and grab all the information of well such as starting from directional survey ,spuding , drilling, well log, seismic data, completions and production volumes of Oil, Gas and Water and the finally sales.Strong communication both oral and written skills. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name Cyient Dates Employed May 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Kakinada Area, India Upstream Oil and Gas Senior Data analyst Company Name Cyient Dates Employed May 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Kakinada Area, India We working on the US Oil and Gas domain such as field, reservoirs, formations and productions volumes for which we used a Citrix environment that contains different applications and Databases. Junior Domain Expert Company Name Cyient Dates Employed May 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Kakinada Area, India Cyient Company Name Cyient Dates Employed May 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location kakinada, India Senior Data analyst Company Name IHS Dates Employed 2010 – 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs See more positions Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 4 endorsements for Business Analysis 4 Business Analysis Nookaraju Mokka and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests JKX Oil & Gas Plc 1,915 followers Upstream Oil & Gas 29,415 members Oil and Gas People - Middle East 93,260 members Tata Consultancy Services 1,328,214 followers India 46,702,380 followers Wipro 855,620 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jūratė has a account Jūratė Šliogerė BI Developer at Telia Lietuva Vilnius University, Faculty of Mathematics and Informatics Vilnius University Lithuania 111 111 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Lecturer Company Name Vilnius University, Faculty of Mathematics and Informatics Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Business Intelligence Developer Company Name Telia Lietuva Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos freelancer (data analyst) Company Name Euromonitor International Dates Employed 2010 – 2010 Employment Duration less than a year Trainee Company Name VŠĮ "Atviro kodo sprendimai" Dates Employed 2009 – 2009 Employment Duration less than a year Education Vilnius University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Vilnius University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Econometrics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Vilnius University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Econometrics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 9 endorsements for Data Analysis 9 Data Analysis Endorsed by Irena Latakaitė, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jūratė’s colleagues at Telia Lietuva Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 5 endorsements for Business Intelligence 5 Business Intelligence Endorsed by 2 of Jūratė’s colleagues at Telia Lietuva Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 5 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 5 Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by 2 of Jūratė’s colleagues at Telia Lietuva Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jūratė has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Approximation of symmetric three-state Markov chain by compound Poisson law Two limit theorems for Markov binomial distribution Jūratė has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification SQL Server 2008, Business Intelligence Development and Maintenance Jūratė has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Business Intelligence Interests Telia Lietuva 1,326 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers Vilniaus universitetas / Vilnius University 45,796 followers „Teo“ 4,093 followers Vilniaus universitetas / Vilnius University 43,013 followers Econometrics 10,863 members
More Actions Qurita has a account Qurita Rahim HR Data Analyst at Cargill Holdings (M) Sdn Bhd Cargill Holdings (M) Sdn Bhd Universiti Putra Malaysia Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 57 57 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience HR Data Analyst Company Name Cargill Holdings (M) Sdn Bhd Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos SAP - OM & PA Education Universiti Putra Malaysia Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Human Resources Management/Personnel Administration, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements HR Policies See 1 endorsement for HR Policies 1 HR Policies Siti Sapina Abdul Rahim has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Workforce Planning See 1 endorsement for Workforce Planning 1 Workforce Planning Siti Sapina Abdul Rahim has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Human Resources See 1 endorsement for Human Resources 1 Human Resources Siti Sapina Abdul Rahim has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Universiti Putra Malaysia 37,777 followers Red Hat Malaysia 335 members Universiti Putra Malaysia 34,958 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers
More Actions Xu has a account Xu Wang Senior at EY EY Universidad de Zaragoza London, United Kingdom 220 220 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Company Name EY Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location London, United Kingdom Forensic data analyst Associate Company Name EY Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Forensic data analyst Education Universidad de Zaragoza Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2015 Zhengzhou University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Algorithms See 9 endorsements for Algorithms 9 Algorithms Sally Wang and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Science See 9 endorsements for Computer Science 9 Computer Science Endorsed by 2 of Xu’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 4 endorsements for Data Analysis 4 Data Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Xu’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Xu has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,432 members Zhengzhou University of Light Industry 7,649 followers Data Science Central 291,511 members Big Data | Analytics | Strategy | Finance | Innovation 229,961 members Google Universe : Jobs, Tools, Trends and Galaxies of Ideas 129,550 members Data Science Community 15,310 members See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Lao Senior Analyst, APAC Sales Analytics and Data Team at United Airlines United Airlines Hong Kong University of Science and Technology - School of Business and Management Hong Kong 263 263 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent SAS certified programmer, business / data analyst with 4+ years of experience analyzing APAC commercial and consumer data, providing insights and planning strategy in MNC. Much working experience with VBA, BI related tools and adept with problem solving.Currently working in airline industry.Experienced and interested in data analysis / business intelligence fields. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Analyst, APAC Sales Analytics and Data Company Name United Airlines Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location HK / Guam Business Analyst, Financial Planning & Analysis Company Name PANDORA A/S Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location HK Business Analyst, APAC Productivity Team Company Name Citrix Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location HK Project Trainee Company Name TAL Apparel Limited Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Education Hong Kong University of Science and Technology - School of Business and Management Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Risk Management & Business Intelligence Grade 3.3/4 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Parknshop Energy Conservation Project, Co-Author of stock market analysis articles in HKEJ Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 5 endorsements for Business Analysis 5 Business Analysis Endorsed by 3 of David’s colleagues at TAL Apparel Limited Click and drag to reorder skills VBA See 3 endorsements for VBA 3 VBA Jeff Pang and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills QlikView QlikView No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) gary lai Senior Data Analyst at AS Watson January 27, 2015, gary was David’s mentor David is zealous and dedicated on data analytic hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David has 8 publications 8 Expand publications section Publications 計出你的投資勝算 數裡見真章: 建立有回報限制的最低風險組合 數裡見真章: 賣空是否可有效減低風險？ 數裡見真章: 投資不可一成不變 數裡見真章: 避免高風險低回報組合 數裡見真章: 分散投資不同股市有用嗎？ 數裡見真章: 股票也有風水輪流轉嗎？ 數裡見真章: 股市可升可跌，還是升跌有序？ David has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Putonghua David has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9 Google Analytics Certification David has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award HKUST Dean's List Award Interests Apple 3,419,595 followers Business Analysts 139,844 members PANDORA A/S 99,936 followers TAL Apparel Limited 3,142 followers Riot Games 105,131 followers HKUST Business School 14,220 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hua has a account Hua Tian Senior Data Analyst at MGH MGH The Second University, USA Greater Boston Area 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Currently work as a senior data analyst in Massachusetts General Hospital • 7 years experience in clinical data field• 4 years experience as a RN in surgical ward • Registered Nurse, State of Massachusetts Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name MGH Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Massachusetts General Hospital • Interpret requests for data extracts, analyses, and reports from internal customers and external entities • Participate in the development, validation, implementation, and maintenance of SQL queries • Ensure result set accuracy (QA) to maintain the high quality and integrity of databases• Develop and maintain documentation and libraries on key processes • Assist with Core Measures data collection and analysis • Collaborate with PI consultants and team members to develop Care Redesign dashboards• Assist in training to support the ongoing development and cross-training of analytic competencies among staff Data analyst Company Name Hallmark Health System, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location Melrose, MA • Responsible for compiling, entering, and analyzing data information for utilization and quality review• Responsible for patient satisfaction software tool (Press Ganey) set up, training, running reports, and troubleshooting• Track and trend all information for significant issues and discrepancies• Responsible for compiling and reporting incident reports using Risk Monitor Pro Report System • Review all data, identify trends and patterns, and keep Vice President informed of findings• Work with the Medical Director, VP for Quality, and Department Heads to identify risk issues and improve process• Use MEDITECH to create different reports for utilization and quality review Research Assistant Company Name Division of Psychiatry, Boston University Dates Employed May 2002 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location Division of Psychiatry, Boston University • Discussed protocols with patients and obtained consents• Performed phlebotomy and obtained lab specimens per protocol requirements• Scheduled and completed patient follow-up visits according to each protocol requirements• Performed various functions related to the study as directed by the PI, including taking and returning telephone calls regarding the study and chart review• Analyzed a variety of neuroimaging scans and laboratory results • Collected, compiled, organized, and maintained database, prepared data for statistical analysis• Organized and maintained research data files• Prepared clinical equipment and materials for research sessions RN Company Name Queen Mary Hospital, Hong Kong Dates Employed Jun 1997 – Jun 1998 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Hong Kong • Provided perioperative nursing care• Provided continual education to patients regarding their illness, treatments, and their discharge care RN Company Name A Hospital in China Dates Employed Jul 1994 – May 1997 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location China • Developed and implemented perioperative patient assessments• Planned, organized, and controlled quality of perioperative nursing care in Gastrointestinal surgery • Participated in the development and implementation of policies and procedures Education The Second University, USA Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 The First University, China Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Registered Nursing/Registered Nurse Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Volunteer Experience MIS Assistant Company Name Community Council of Nashua, Inc., NH Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL SQL No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Crystal Report Crystal Report No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Tableau Tableau No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Hewlett Packard Enterprise 2,454,314 followers MGH 1,249 followers Hallmark Health System, Inc. 3,096 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers Healthcare Data Mining and Modeling 6,809 members HP 2,446,999 followers
More Actions Aleksandra has a account Aleksandra Tyrna Data Analyst at UBS UBS School of Entrepreneurship and Management by University of Economics in Cracow Cracow, Lesser Poland District, Poland 496 496 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - broadly experienced in data gathering and KPI reporting, able to manipulate, clean and process data using Excel (incl. VBA), Access and SQL- strong analytical skills, able to present findings in a concise manner- good interpersonal and communication skills (experience in cooperation with team leaders and top management, background in customer service)- excel trainerInterested both in analytical and reporting work as well as in managing projects end-to end.Specialties: excel and access tools (incl automatisation in VBA), excel trainings, improving reporting process, dashboards, KPIs, capacity planning, forecasting, staff utilization, customer service, project management See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name UBS Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Kraków Area, Poland - improving reporting process by creating excel macros, advanced formulas, access databases- developing tableau reports- excel trainer Management Information / Analyst Company Name Sabre Holdings Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Zabierzow - collecting calls, e-mails and bookings data from various systems used across all teams to our SQL server and Access databases. Checked correctness and consistency of the data, analysed trends and fluctuations over the time- improving process of data gathering by developing or rebuilding existing excel macros, scheduling automated reports from systems used (Avaya, Right Now, Midoco, Marjorie)- cooperating in transferring most of the data from Access to SQL server- creating various excel and SQL online reports, as well as partly-automated (refreshed e.g. weekly) power point presentations. Engaged in unifying reporting for all call centers- delivering many ad-hoc reports for management and team leaders on daily basis, maintaining regular cooperation with them- performed excel trainings for around 90 call center agents from basic to advanced level Workforce Management Reporting Analyst Company Name Shell Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Cracow, Poland - preparing and analysing wide range of productivity reports (KPI dashboards, various excel files), simplifying ways of filling them with data by using advanced excel functions- giving recommendations about required number of agents in Customer Service Call Centre to achieve optimum balance between costs and SLAs- short- and long-term forecasting, weekly scheduling, recommending work-shifts, breaks, leaves etc.- cooperating with Team Leaders, Operations Managers and Quality Assurance in order to identify areas for improving performance and productivity- creating excel tools for various departaments HR Local Services Casework Advisor Company Name Shell Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Cracow - liasing with employees, managers and HR Business Partners in Germany, Austria and Italy in order to resolve cases- meeting tight deadlines, managing demanding workload. Customer Service Representative Company Name RR Donnelley Europe Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Cracow - cooperating with German and American publishing houses in terms of printing colour magazines- handling customer orders and inquiries with focus on customer satisfaction - cooperating with other departments (production planning, logistics, quality control) - arranging customers’ visits in the printing house and in Cracow See more positions Education School of Entrepreneurship and Management by University of Economics in Cracow Degree Name post-graduate studies Field Of Study foreign trade Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 University of Silesia Degree Name master Field Of Study geography Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 2003 Activities and Societies: active member of Students’ Circle of Mountain Guides in Katowice subject of master' thesis: climate changes and melting of mountain glaciers Volunteer Experience excel trainer Company Name UBS Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Jul 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education As an excel trainer I took part in two editions of Career Turn Programme, led in cooperation with Stella Virium Foundation. Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 19 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 19 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 3 of Aleksandra’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Excel See 11 endorsements for Excel 11 Excel Endorsed by 3 of Aleksandra’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 15 endorsements for Analysis 15 Analysis Endorsed by Dawid Borczuch and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Alex Bekar Solutions Architect Commercial at Philip Morris International March 13, 2012, Alex was senior to Aleksandra but didn’t manage directly I had a pleasure to work with Aleksandra (Ola) for Shell HR Organization. Her great personality and communication skills have allowed her to develop friendly and unreserved working relationship with teams in Germany and Austria. This was impressive, since relationship was building during business transition and everyone who works for HR knows how hard this process is. Ola has perfect listening and advisory skills necessary to meet needs of every of her Projects. Her strong analytical skills allow proposing different solutions and immediate react on possible gaps helping to prevent possible issues. I sincerely recommend Ola since she combines great personality, Analytical skills and professionalism in everytinh that she does. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Aleksandra has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Access Advanced Excel, SAP and Business Warehouse Trainings Advanced VBA Customer Service Excellence Oracle SQL Intermediate Project Management tour guide and mountain guide courses Aleksandra has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages English French German Italian Russian Aleksandra has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Oracle SQL Intermediate Train the Trainer Program Interests Sabre Corporation 102,504 followers UBS 451,072 followers lastminute.com group 37,486 followers Pulse 1,535,222 followers
More Actions Rushabh has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Rushabh Shah Assistant Manager - Analytics at BookMyShow BookMyShow Mithibai College Mumbai Area, India 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Rushabh’s Activity 532 followers Looking for Analytics Professional for a Global Bank. SAS is Mandatory Strong experience in building Credit Risk Models, PD/LGD/EAD Models, Loss Forecasting, Stress testing. Risk Modeling/ Risk Analytics/ Risk Management etc. Consumer Banking preferred. Qualification: B.Tech/ Any Masters. Forward me your CVs to ruchita@pylonmc.com OR call: 9972576203/ 080 4022 1699 Rushabh commented Number of people who are attending Bieber concert is 45,000 as per Mumbai police. The average cost of tickets which ranges from 4k to 76k comes up to 15,000 per person (conservative estimate). Multiply it by the number of people who are attending the concert and you will get an amount more than 70,00,00,000 including money that you will spend on booze and food. 1 in 3 farmers commit suicide per day in Vidarbha region of Maharashtra because of crop failure resulting in their inability to repay loans. The average amount of loan outstanding for which they take their own lives is a merely Rs.10,000. Two different stark realities. I am not saying do not go for the concert or stop playing cricket matches or stop watching movies till we sort out other issues. I am just trying to put things in perspective with these facts which tells us frankly that India isn't a poor or undeveloped country. We have money, loads of it but sadly somewhere we seem to have lost our priorities. I am not saying save 15,000 on the concert and donate it to the needy, after all everyone has a right to enjoy themselves with their own money, but what I am saying is, that 15,000 could have saved someone's life and family today. It's all about income inequality in the end and our country seems to have a lot of it. Rushabh liked "Do not ask your children to strive for extraordinary lives. Such striving may seem admirable, but it is the way of foolishness. Help them instead to find the wonder and the marvel of an ordinary life. Show them the joy of tasting tomatoes, apples and pears. Show them how to cry when pets and people die. Show them the infinite pleasure in the touch of a hand. And make the ordinary come alive for them. The extraordinary will take care of itself." --- William Martin, The Parent's Tao Te Ching: Ancient Advice for Modern Parents (Copied from Richard Rekhy 's linkedin post and thought to share) Thanks Richard Rekhy :) Rushabh liked Dear Candidate Before applying for any job please learn to say no No to the the consultant if you are not looking for job No to the company if the industry don't suits you No to the JD if work profile doesn't suits you No to the offer if package doesn't suits you please don't waste the time and energy of the recruiter. You are not the only one we have for our positions. Giving false promise for going to interviews and then switching off phone or not picking the call shows your integrity and professionalism not ours Rushabh liked a comment Marketers, we've got an excellent opportunity for you! Click on the link below to know more about this requirement. https://lnkd.in/fg3tbnf Rushabh shared this See all activity Experience Assistant Manager - Analytics Company Name BookMyShow Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Mumbai, Maharashtra, India Senior Data Analyst Company Name BookMyShow Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Business Analyst Company Name Tata Consultancy Services Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Involved in Trade Analytics team, MIS Reporting using Excel Senior Analyst Company Name eClerx Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Worked as a Senior Analyst in the BI team. Involved in preparing MIS Reports using SQL, Excel; Client Communication; Change Management etc Business Analyst Company Name eClerx Dates Employed May 2012 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Ghatkopar Worked on downloading data using various tools, preparing reports and adhocs as per client requirement Education Mithibai College Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Mathematical Statistics and Probability Grade A Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Dramas, Football competitions Infant Jesus School Volunteer Experience Purpose4Life Company Name Tata Consultancy Services Dates volunteered Jan 2015 – Jan 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Environment Dedicated 10 hours of the quarter to the Purpose4Life initiativeAlong with other members cleaned the Marve Beach(Malad,Mumbai) as a part of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan and spread awareness in the public about the same Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 16 endorsements for Data Analysis 16 Data Analysis Endorsed by Dhaval Shah, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Rushabh’s colleagues at BookMyShow Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 12 endorsements for SQL 12 SQL Endorsed by 9 of Rushabh’s colleagues at eClerx Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 12 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 12 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 2 of Rushabh’s colleagues at BookMyShow Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Shahnawaz Shaikh Process Manager at eClerx August 3, 2016, Shahnawaz managed Rushabh directly 1) I would like to thank Rushabh for managing all the communications & guidance to the team along with audits during the tenure of ~2.5 years spent under me2) His attention to detail puts him at the top3) He has gain significant knowledge & experience in MIS reporting on tools like Excel, SQL, SSIS4) I recommend Rushabh since he is a great team player to have in a team5) Keep it up & much appreciated mate :) hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rushabh has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Gujarati Hindi Marathi Rushabh has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards eClerx SPOT Award Business Process Improvement Interests eClerx 34,773 followers Randstad 452,222 followers Pulse 1,535,222 followers B.Sc.Statistics (Mithibai College) 31 members Alteryx Power Users Group 953 members India 46,702,393 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Eric Elliott HRIS Analyst, Correct Care Solutions Correct Care Solutions Murray State University Greater Nashville Area, TN 268 268 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Business professional offering more than 8 years of experience within the health care, marketing, financial, and retail industries. Experienced in data analysis, strategic problem solving, project management, and reporting. Highly successful in managing mid-level to large scale projects. Proven ability to adapt quickly to new conditions within a progressively competitive market. Experienced in profit and loss analysis to manage all the functional levels of business. Dedicated to teamwork and the ability to meet company goals and objectives through the use of high standards of professionalism and honest work ethic.Microsoft - Word, Excel, Project, Visio, and Access, SQL Server 2012, Kronos HR, ADP Payforce/Vantage, BenefitFocus, Equifax ACAMP, Leankit, SharePoint, VAX, Prodsys5, Cognos, AS400, FileZilla, Pulse, ClearQuest, Service Now, Salesforce, Asana See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience HRIS Analyst Company Name Correct Care Solutions Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Nashville, Tennessee Develop, manage, and maintain Executive dashboards/reporting, such as> Monthly benefit budget and forecast> Attrition trending and metrics> Quarterly 401K match forecast> Ad-hoc reports, presentations, and analysisLead for multiple, complex projects, related to system configuration, testing, setup, and user training> Subject Matter Expert for HR data, systems, interfaces, and reporting> Create and maintain documentation including requirements analysis, process and data flow diagrams, and operational procedures> Coordinate integration solutions for HR applications and ancillary HR Applications Human Resources Benefits Analyst Company Name Correct Care Solutions Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater Nashville Area Clinical Data Analyst Company Name Community Health Systems Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Franklin, TN Core Responsibilities: > Developed databases to assist in tracking PQRS and QRUR locations for clinic site locations> Project team member in identifying key quality initiative program opportunities across clinical site locations as it related to managed care and Medicare Advantage plans> Monitored and assisted management in identifying trends in employee turnover at clinical sites Partner Operations Analyst Company Name Affinion Group Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Nashville, Tennessee Core Responsibilities:> Manage various projects as it relates to high-profile initiatives> Service internal departments by providing reporting, research, client processes, and other operational procedures> Knowledge expert in regards to the company and clients for all client and partner operations> Perform research and analysis to discover trends and improvement opportunities> Verify and approve that new marketing programs are correctly structured> Coordinate with the IT department to set-up and schedule client file formats and file transfers> Assist multiple departments in creating customer engagement and loyalty branding marketing programsAccomplishments:> Lead analyst on multi-client payment conversion project that prevented the loss of $3 million in yearly revenue.> Discovered over 1 thousand members had an incorrect billing status preventing member from billing which averted a potential loss of $432 thousand in annual revenue> Recognized for consistently going above and beyond on any task whether large or small and bringing visibility to risks that were once unknown Analyst, Client Services Company Name Affinion Group Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Franklin, TN Core Responsibilities:> Supported approximately 200 financial institution's customer engagement and loyalty branding marketing programs > Created and developed various specialized reporting for clients related to billing, revenue, customer data, and enrollment > Monitored, researched, and resolved a multitude of issues as it related to enrollment, billing, collections, commissions, and fulfillment for clients and customers> Understand and assist with all of the cross functional departments within the company to meet project deadlines, provide problem solutions, and create feedback for increased productivity> Monitored new and existing file transfer processes between internal departments, external vendors, and clients to meet program launch dates and requirementsAccomplishments:> Project team member for system-wide customer conversion for over 520 thousand members and $31 million in annual revenue> Lead analyst for company pricing initiative resulting in an increase of over $500 thousand in additional annual revenue> Assisted in the launch of a new partnership program expanding into new markets and revenue growth See more positions Education Murray State University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Alpha Kappa Psi Business Fraternity, Management and Marketing Club Murray State University Degree Name B.A.B. Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Alpha Kappa Psi, Management & Marketing Club > President of both Alpha Kappa Psi Professional Business Fraternity and Management and Marketing Club.> Studied Abroad in Regensburg, Germany for one semester> Dean's list five semesters> Participated in several professional development programs and seminars.> The Sherwin Williams Company Management training program. Volunteer Experience Assisted with the remodeling of the local Boys and Girls Club Company Name Boys and Girls Clubs of America Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Sep 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children As part of a work related charity event, various co-workers remodeled and provided new educational items for the local Boys and Girls Club. This was an all day event in which our team cleaned, painted, and remodeled the entire facility. Prior to the event, the company raised several thousand dollars for school supplies, books, furniture, games, and various other items for the children. Featured Skills & Endorsements Project Management See 16 endorsements for Project Management 16 Project Management Courtney Miarka and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 15 endorsements for Management 15 Management Courtney Miarka and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Cross-functional Team Leadership See 10 endorsements for Cross-functional Team Leadership 10 Cross-functional Team Leadership Courtney Miarka and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Deborah Moss Account Relationship Management | Business Development | Training & Development | Leadership | Client Manager August 19, 2015, Deborah managed Eric directly I hired Eric as part of an operational team to manage the daily operations and marketing results for financial clients. From day one, Eric's forward thinking and unique approach to client communication, problem solving and analytical review proved he was a true asset to the company. Eric excels at looking at researching an issue to find resolve which extends to reviewing daily operations for improvements and efficiencies. Eric is a professional and was a joy to manage. Kelly Lavender Director of Account Management - Econocheck June 30, 2015, Kelly was senior to Eric but didn’t manage directly Attentive is the phrase that comes to mind when I think about Eric. I had the pleasure of knowing Eric for over four years, during which he worked as Analyst in the Client Services department that I managed. He was then promoted to a Partner Operations Analyst where he continued to provide assistance to Client Services with client projects and internal/external reporting. I have always been impressed with Eric’s ability to manage a heavy workload and continually meet or beat his deadline at hand. Eric’s aptitude to juggle multiple projects/tasks was very impressive. The Client Services team counted on his efforts on almost a daily basis. His analytical skills are outstanding and Eric always had the drive to continue to learn and expand his analytical skill set. I certainly miss working him on a daily basis. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Blizzard Entertainment 203,765 followers IDR, Inc. 9,762 followers Nissan Motor Corporation 422,196 followers Schneider Electric 906,909 followers Correct Care Solutions 4,982 followers Dollar General 65,147 followers See all See all following
More Actions Turab has a account Turab Hassan Mayoral Fellow at City of Chicago Lahore, Pakistan 364 364 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Turab’s Activity 364 followers The more I know about digital marketing and the available tools the smaller the world seems like. It is hard to imagine the mere strength of what we are dealing with here. Turab liked See all activity Experience Mayoral Fellow Company Name City of Chicago Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Großraum Chicago und Umgebung Data Analyst working for Chicago Public Schools and Chicago Police Department. Lead Data Analyst Company Name Technology for People Initiative Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos A first of its kind service delivery unit set up in the DCO office of Bahawalpur to drive the implementation of various policies and allowing the DCO office to formulate evidence based policy decisions. The project was funded by winning a grant from Making All Voices Count (MAVC) Research Assistant Company Name Center for Economic Research in Pakistan (CERP) Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Pakistan Punjab Property Tax Incentive Project. A Randomized Control Trial (RCT) being conducted in collaboration with the Punjab Government to maximize revenue collection by providing appropriate incentives to the Tax collectors.Principal Investigators: Dr. Asim Khwaja, Harvard University, Dr. Ben Olken, MIT, Dr. Adnan Qadir, LSE- Data Collection/Management: Responsible for data collection, digitization, cleaning and verification using STATA. Designed field protocols to ensure data consistency and accuracy.- GIS Mapping: Conducted an extensive mapping exercise to produce circle (primary tax unit) maps for the entire province of Punjab using QGIS and Google Earth.- Coordination: Regularly represented the project at meetings with senior government bureaucrats. Responsible for liaising with various government officials at the Excise and Taxation Department, the Finance Department and the Treasury Department.- Training/Testing: Conducted training sessions across the province with tax officials (500 plus) in treatment groups, informing them about their respective schemes. Media (1) This position has 1 media Property Tax Experiment Property Tax Experiment This media is a link Research Assistant Company Name Lahore University of Management Sciences Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Education Harris School of Public Policy at the University of Chicago Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Computer Programming and Public Policy Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Lahore University of Management Sciences Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Lahore Grammar School Featured Skills & Endorsements Stata See 11 endorsements for Stata 11 Stata Endorsed by Salman Khan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Turab’s colleagues at Lahore University of Management Sciences Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 5 endorsements for Python 5 Python Paul Mack and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 11 endorsements for Data Analysis 11 Data Analysis Endorsed by Salman Khan and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Turab’s colleagues at Lahore University of Management Sciences Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,223 followers Lahore University of Management Sciences 32,769 followers City of Chicago 13,841 followers Center for Economic Research in Pakistan (CERP) 1,171 followers Resources (4729318) 1,267 members United Nations 688,721 followers See all See all following
More Actions Derek has a account Derek Romo Analytics at AXS.com AXS.com California State Polytechnic University-Pomona Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Skills: CRM, SQL, Marketing, Analytics, Email Marketing, Customer Service, TicketingTechnical Skills: Hadoop, Redshift, Teradata, MS SQL Server, SQL Server Reporting Services, PostgreSQL, Tableau, Omniture, ExactTarget, Constant Contact, Jira, HTML, Ticket Network POS, Google Analytics, Google AdWords, Adobe Photoshop, TurnKey Surveyor, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Power BI See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Derek’s Activity Some Tuesday inspiration, and 3 of AEG's Truths. Derek liked Pandora looks at Ticketfly sale among deal options Derek liked Please like or comment if you read this. Trying to figure out reach of LinkedIn posts :) thanks Dmitry Shapiro Derek liked See all activity Experience Data Analyst Company Name AXS.com Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Los Angeles Area Product Team | Analytics. Data Processing. AWS - ETL, Data mapping, Data ingestion, Schema design, Feed optimization, TroubleshootingMarketing - targeting, retargeting, cart abandonment, email marketing automation, survey reportingCRM table optimizationTableau/Omniture - Dashboard creation, KPI reporting, Demographic reportingMicrosoft Power BI, MS SQL Server, PostgreSQL,SSRS - Automated reporting**Was performing both email marketing associate/data analyst roles from Jun '15-Feb '16 Email Marketing Associate Company Name AXS.com Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Los Angeles Area Marketing Team.• Identify target audiences and create segments within ESP for campaign deployments.• Test campaign rendering across multiple email clients and ISPs• Perform full quality assurance on campaigns by reviewing and testing functionality of emails prior to deployment• Validate campaigns against target audiences when dynamic components are utilized• Responsible for monitoring and tracking email deliverability• Manage campaign calendar and assets to ensure accurate deployment of email requests according to timeline• Responsible for pulling metrics and reporting for ad hoc campaigns• Creates and manages the weekly/monthly KPI reports for key business stakeholders• Accountable for the reporting and analysis of Email KPIs to Executive Team• Matchback Analysis Reporting• A/B testing Client Services Specialist Company Name Outbox AXS LLC Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area •Mastery of Outbox Technology’s cloud-based entertainment ticketing system•Accurately built and maintained entertainment events and on Outbox system•Assisted with event manifest creations•Used troubleshooting tools and techniques to identify the root cause of issues and applies appropriate remedial action for resolution•Conducted quality control processes to ensure the accurate data entry of all event details in the Outbox system, including Internet and Point of Sale Ticket Broker Company Name Grand Slam Tickets Dates Employed 2008 – 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Greater Los Angeles Area •Inbound/Outbound calls•Inputting new inventory (season tickets) into Point of Sale•Pricing and managing inventory in order for tickets to sell at or above market value•Establish relationships with season ticket holders to manage/price tickets on a consignment basis•Shipping tickets to customers, generating labels•Responsible in being highly knowledgeable of Southern California concert and sporting venue’s seating maps•Credit card processing, fraud investigation•Responsible for all web graphics and all marketing efforts•Managing company’s Google Analytics online advertising campaigns•Rebranding, Logo Design Media (1) This position has 1 media Rebranding project. Rebranding project. This media is an image Education California State Polytechnic University-Pomona Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2013 UCLA Extension Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Management X 414.61 - USING STRUCTURED QUERY LANG (SQL) SYNTAX Certificate Program Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Special Olympics World Games Los Angeles 2015 Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Jul 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Skills Email Marketing Email Marketing Click and drag to reorder skills SQL SQL Click and drag to reorder skills Web Analytics Web Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Derek has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Derek has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Marketing Association Interests AEG 55,959 followers AXS Ticketing 3,336 followers AEG Presents 19,172 followers Gingerbread Shed Corporation 376 followers California State Polytechnic University-Pomona 105,040 followers Citrus College 16,143 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ronni has a account Ronni Wibisana Petroleum Data Analyst at QATARGAS Qatargas Operating Company Ltd. Institut Teknologi Bandung (ITB) Qatar 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experiences in Business Process and System Analyst for Oil&Gas Exploration and Production.Managing of Oil and Gas Production Data Management System : Production Allocation, Well Integrity, provide system solution for Oil&Gas Reservoir and Production, SAP R/3 enhancement projects, etc. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Petroleum Data Analyst Company Name Qatargas Operating Company Ltd. Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Location Qatar Qatargas is world largest LNG producer.As part of Reservoir and Production engineering group.Responsible to provide solution for Production allocation system,Well Integrity monitoring and ensure system integration of North Field data (DCS,Fieldware, PI historian) to Reservoir and Production engineering system.Manage documents and data handover of Project QG3&4 and PMP Drilling phase 2 project. Automation Engineer Company Name ConocoPhillips Dates Employed Apr 2005 – May 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos - Provide production RealTime system integration .- Manage vendor contracts.- System implementation projects manager- Lead RCA and propose engineering solution System solution analyst Company Name ConocoPhillips Dates Employed Mar 2002 – May 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos - Provide system solution for Exploration and Production inc: Production allocation for oil and gas well.- Manage Software contract, implement new system.- Lead system implementation projects Business Process and SAP R/3 Analyst Company Name Daimler AG Dates Employed Mar 1998 – Feb 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater Jakarta Area, Indonesia Responsible for Business Process Re-engineering for Daimler Indonesia - Assigned as analyst in SAP Production Planning and Material Management Project. My responsibilities were analyzing "as-is" Logistic and Production business processes, and designing/recommending "to-be" processes (Business Process Re-Engineering).Use Aris tool set and Visio as Business process tool.- Assigned as analyst in Supply Chain Management project.Responsible for develop business process procedure and ensuring that all process and documentation meets ISO 9001 requirements. Developed documentation and provide training for SAP Material Management End-Users. - Support day to day SAP R/3 trouble shooting Production technician Company Name Pertamina Husky Limau JOB Dates Employed Aug 1989 – Jul 1991 Employment Duration 2 yrs •Responsible to check and update production data historian as source data for Reservoir simulation and Production completion design•Update well data incl: well schema, zone information from log interpretation data. Education Institut Teknologi Bandung (ITB) Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 Activities and Societies: SPE, IATMI Universitas Trisakti Degree Name Engineer's Degree Field Of Study Petroleum Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1992 Activities and Societies: SPE Featured Skills & Endorsements Petroleum See 101 endorsements for Petroleum 99+ Petroleum Endorsed by Rini Soegiyono and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 53 of Ronni’s colleagues at ConocoPhillips Click and drag to reorder skills Gas See 39 endorsements for Gas 39 Gas Endorsed by Imam Djatiwirawan and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 23 of Ronni’s colleagues at ConocoPhillips Click and drag to reorder skills Drilling See 28 endorsements for Drilling 28 Drilling Endorsed by Morry Infra and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 17 of Ronni’s colleagues at ConocoPhillips Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Riky Bernardo Corrosion Engineering Specialist (Certified MICorr and NACE Specialist) at ExxonMobil-QP JV (RasGas) December 1, 2008, Ronni worked with Riky in different groups I have been Riky’s project team mate . I found him to be consistently pleasant, tackling all assignments with dedication . Besides being a joy to work with, Riky is a take-charge person who is able to present innovative ideas and undestand what Operation need. Accomplishments Ronni has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Malay Interests BPMIGAS 40,905 followers ConocoPhillips 538,010 followers Santos Ltd 111,166 followers BP 1,391,510 followers Subsurface Data Management 625 members ConocoPhillips Alumni 4,474 members See all See all following
More Actions Nick has a account Nick Evans Lead, Merchant Support Analytics @ Shopify Shopify University of Ottawa / Université d'Ottawa Ottawa, Ontario, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent
More Actions Shara has a account Shara Cohen Senior Vice President, Client Experience at Emmi Solutions Emmi Solutions Fordham University School of Law Chicago, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Leadership See 41 endorsements for Leadership 41 Leadership Endorsed by 5 of Shara’s colleagues at Emmi Endorsed by 7 people who know Leadership Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 39 endorsements for Strategy 39 Strategy Endorsed by Doreen Linneman and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Shara’s colleagues at Emmi Click and drag to reorder skills Marketing Strategy See 31 endorsements for Marketing Strategy 31 Marketing Strategy Endorsed by 3 of Shara’s colleagues at Emmi Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (8) Nick Lloyd Creative Copywriter at Herb Pharm Inc September 13, 2012, Shara was senior to Nick but didn’t manage directly Shara works like nobody I’ve ever encountered. She works smart and works hard and, honestly, she accomplishes about twice as much as you could reasonably expect. She demands accountability from her teams and is sure to recognize and reward them for effort and success. She entered this company like a strong gust—rearranging roles, adding logic, doubling effort and passion. And always with a chuckle and a wry smile. Israel Weiszner Healthcare Business Executive at Verge Solutions, LLC June 23, 2012, Israel reported directly to Shara Shara is a smart, creative and personable manager who really motivates and brings out the best in people. She was able to understand and articulate the healthcare landscape and strategically anticipate client needs. She successfully led me and my colleagues, a team of junior and seasoned professionals to significantly increase company revenues. Shara is a strong asset to companies of any size. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Mya Kramer Founder, Creative Strategist The M Line December 6, 2016, Shara reported directly to Mya Mya has always been something of a maverick whose passion, breadth of experience, original thinking, and uncompromising standards inspireunparalleled work. It's what made me first want to hire her and then to work for her. She has applied her creativity to every aspect of communications. Her record reflects her passions, which are exactly what her career has been defined by. Doreen Linneman Founder & President of The Riverbend Group | Prepare to Roar December 29, 2011, Shara was a client of Doreen’s I had worked with Doreen years ago, partnering on a business development opportunity. Then, she earned great respect for her intelligence, strategic thinking and focus on results. This past year, I got the opportunity to hire Doreen and Riverbend to build and execute a sales training program for our team. It was our first formal effort in a few years and it couldn't have gone better. Not only were the programs she designed laser-focused on our unique needs, but she built immediate credibility and rapport with the entire team. As a result, the impact was immediate and phenomenal. Not only did the team learn a new framework and immediately start to apply it, but they were excited and motivated to improve. Doreen helped invigorate everyone around professional improvement and I look forward to continued work and success together in 2012. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Interests University of California, Berkeley 521,272 followers LTC Liability / Risk & Insurance 1,078 members University of California, Berkeley 498,457 followers Healthcare Executives Network 321,801 members Medical Professional Liability 3,570 members Emmi 2,443 followers See all See all following
More Actions Goutham has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Goutham Manghnani Manager - Fraud Analytics at Argus, A Verisk Analytics Company Argus Information and Advisory Services The University of Texas at Arlington Arlington, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • A strategic Business Analyst having more than 8 years of past experience with a focus on business analytics, data science, big data, BPM, SW development and product Management. Followed Agile SCRUM model and achieved several SW milestones.• Information Systems graduate with a proven curriculum based experience in data manipulation, analytics and reporting.• An eager explorer of the cavernous world of numbers. My passion is discovering, analyzing, and predicting key elements in the data sets thereby communicating the insights, trends and future forecasts that impact consumer behavior. • Excellent communication and presentation skills with multiple F2F interactions with clients in USA, Japan, Hong Kong, Sri Lanka, Mauritius, India, Netherlands.• “Certified Business Analyst Professional” (CBAP) from the “IIBA Canada”.• Whether it be consultant, data scientist / big data, business analyst, product management, analyzing, coding or testing, it has always enamored me to dirty my hands in any of the roles/responsibilities assigned to me. SKILL SETAnalysis / Statistics Tools: R, Excel, Python (Pandas, Numpy, Scipy, NLTK, Scikit-Learn), SAS, Weka, TableauBig Data Ecosystem: Apache Hadoop, MapReduce [MR2, YARN], HDFS, Pig, Hive, Oozie, Mahout, Impala, Sqoop, FlumeAWS: Amazon EC2, S3, CloudWatch, Glacier, RedShift, EMRPrograming Languages: Python, Java, SQL, MainframesFrameworks: Hadoop, NoSQL Databases (HBase, MongoDB), Object Oriented Analysis and Design using UMLSoftware: MS Project, MS Visio, EViews, Netbeans, Eclipse, SAS, SAP ERP, Eclipse, GithubOther Tools: Node XL, SAP BO, SAS Enterprise, RTC, Etherpad, EridocMethodologies: Agile, SDLC, Scrum See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Tableau See 3 endorsements for Tableau 3 Tableau Endorsed by Kanooz Goli, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 9 endorsements for Python 9 Python Endorsed by Kanooz Goli, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 7 endorsements for Data Mining 7 Data Mining Endorsed by Kanooz Goli, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (10) Given (2) Ashok Kumar Principal Solutions Architect at VoerEir AB March 9, 2015, Ashok managed Goutham directly I worked with Goutham for a short time. However it was pleasant to work with him. He is so well managed and provides information in so arranged manner that its easy to understand his presented analysis. very good positive attitude towards work and commitment to complete work on time. Digvijay Sinha Technical Expert/Consultant at Siemens January 28, 2015, Digvijay was senior to Goutham but didn’t manage directly I have known Goutham during his short stint with Ericsson, India. In a very short period I realized that he is technically sound and a very hard working person. He worked on a whitepaper on 'Platform as a Service' in the Cloud computing domain and presented it to wider audiences within Ericsson, which was highly appreciated. Personally, a wonderful person to work with.Goutham, I wish you a great success ahead! View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Arunkumar AS Senior Consultant (Business Analysis) - Citi Bank February 15, 2015, Arunkumar worked with Goutham in the same group Arun and me work together for about 3 years in Infosys, our client being Bank of America. He was very dedicated to his managers and always planned everything before hand. He loved to share his ideas and knowledge with the team on any topics known to him especially in the wholesale Payments domain. He takes responsibilities on his shoulders well. An excellent communicator, orator and a wonderful person to work with . Wishing him the best always. Vaidyanathan Panchabikesan Mobile and Digital Sales Evangelist - Channel Sales for Middle East . July 2, 2012, Vaidyanathan worked with Goutham in the same group Vaidy has worked with me in Novatium Solutions. He has the 'Never say die' attitude, which makes him attain what ever he dreams off. I adore his attitude and the way he presents himself to his superiors and Customers. Domain wise he has sound knowledge in Cloud computing. Attended few of his sessions which he had presented beautifully. I would wish him to carry his attitude wherever he joins, which I am sure will make him reach heights. All the very best for your future, Vaidy!! Interests Big Data and Analytics 330,679 members Google Analytics 114,144 members CA Technologies 248,895 followers The University of Texas at Arlington 146,161 followers Laowaicareer.com - Jobs, Internships, career in Business, Marketing, Education, Media, IT 63,941 members Ericsson 988,133 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vinoo has a account Vinoo John Analyst Tara Global The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants Croydon, United Kingdom 351 351 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Seasoned finance professional with 15+ years of experience across all areas of finance. Excellent combination of financial and business analytic skills. Experience in Project Management, Internal Audit, Business Tranformation.Financial and Planning Analysis. Proven capability of driving organization change particularly in areas of accounts receivable, accounts payable, cash allocation and financial management information. Strong analytical skills and the ability to hit the ground running. Proven capability in setting up teams and managing crisis and stressed business environment. Diverse international experience across finance functions in global organizations. Proven skills in managing cross cultural teams and related sensitivities. Management experience and capability in both setting up and managing the complete shared service Centre for Finance from planning, setting up, phasing and ramping up. Significant experience in managing large integrations across the full cycle of Business Process Outsourcing – start up phase, streamlining, competence accumulation phase and value addition phase. Highly proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel, Outlook, and Oracle Financial based applications. Experience in use of a wide variety of accounting and ERP packages - SAP, Oracle, Hyperion See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 13 endorsements for Management 13 Management Menezes Sunitha and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 9 endorsements for Finance 9 Finance Subramanian Venkataramanan and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting William S. Duym and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Stéphan Blachier Head of Product and Build at Worldline by Atos June 3, 2015, Stéphan was senior to Vinoo but didn’t manage directly I have been managing, for several years, the team Vinoo used to belong while at VeriFone. I have always been impressed by Vinoo capacity to deliver her work on time and exceeding expectations as far as quality. In addition, her interpersonnal communication skills helped me a lot in the management of the team. John Serrao General Manager at BTS Asia Pacific Pte Ltd May 5, 2015, John managed Vinoo directly Vinoo and I worked together at VeriFone. She is a very accomplished and thorough finance professional. I didn't ever have to tell her things twice. She is extremely proactive, professionally very sharp and a pleasure to work with. She will challenge you and help bring out the best in you as well. I have so enjoyed working with Vinoo. She is an amazing addition to any team! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Risk, Regulation & Reporting 228,765 members The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants 60,961 followers Qlik UK - User Group 1,578 members BTS 19,041 followers Newstead Wood Alumni 242 members The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants 63,776 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nicholas has a account Nicholas Petri Analytics Manager at Betterment Betterment Washington University in St. Louis New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Venture Capital See 9 endorsements for Venture Capital 9 Venture Capital Tym Lewtak and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Ratings See 3 endorsements for Ratings 3 Ratings Richard Harris™ and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management See 3 endorsements for Program Management 3 Program Management Richard Harris™ and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Kevin Gaither Want a Free Trial of ZipRecruiter? Just ask! May 3, 2013, Kevin was a client of Nicholas’ I've recently begun working with Nick on a Sales Asset Package for our team and I'm very impressed. Nick know how to run a project, understand the objectives and hit deadlines and deliver high quality results that have exceeded my expectations. I'd hire Nick again to help me with any project of this kind. Kevin Gaither Want a Free Trial of ZipRecruiter? Just ask! May 7, 2013, Nicholas worked with Kevin but at different companies I collaborated with Kevin on a market research project for his team, which leaned heavily on his leadership skills, clear thinking, and communication. Kevin went above and beyond what I expected of him to ensure the project's timely success. He's an Inside Sales Expert and a sharp thinker with the rare ability to get the most out of his colleagues, and I look forward to working with him again in the near future. Interests Betterment 11,364 followers Washington University Alumni Group 25,579 members Washington University Alumni in Boston 366 members Pulse 1,535,224 followers Washington University in St. Louis 108,405 followers Washington University in St. Louis 102,758 followers See all See all following
More Actions Katie has a account Katie Prisk Data Analyst at Inprova Energy Inprova Energy University of South Wales Newport, United Kingdom 13 13 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements System Administration System Administration No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Office Administration Office Administration No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Data Entry Data Entry No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Inprova Energy 266 followers University of South Wales 54,064 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,182,188 followers Pulse 1,535,224 followers
More Actions Mai has a account Mai Nguyen Strategic Insights Analyst Kelley Blue Book University of California, Los Angeles Orange County, California Area 219 219 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm an analyst with 4 years of experience specializing in surveys and research. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 18 endorsements for Research 18 Research Christian Cruz and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media See 14 endorsements for Social Media 14 Social Media Wickham Keith and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 13 endorsements for Analysis 13 Analysis Kim Khauv and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests California State University-Los Angeles 77,914 followers LinkedIn Learning Solutions 144,335 followers Lynda.com 122,778 followers Luth Research 1,415 followers IntelliSurvey 1,581 followers Pulse 1,535,226 followers See all See all following
More Actions Zeno has a account Zeno Lee Data Analytics @ Axis Re Axis Reinsurance Company California State University-Long Beach Greater New York City Area 336 336 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Insurance See 14 endorsements for Insurance 14 Insurance Endorsed by Steve Mikano, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Zeno’s colleagues at Gen Re Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 11 endorsements for SAS 11 SAS Endorsed by 2 of Zeno’s colleagues at Farmers Insurance Click and drag to reorder skills Reinsurance See 9 endorsements for Reinsurance 9 Reinsurance Endorsed by 3 of Zeno’s colleagues at Gen Re Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests SAS Professional Forum 43,695 members Axis Reinsurance Company 74 followers California State University-Long Beach 167,533 followers Insurance & Reinsurance Professionals 13,845 members Actuarial Networking Group 22,478 members University of California, Los Angeles 478,307 followers See all See all following
More Actions Henry (On Man) has a account Henry (On Man) Chan Consultant | Strategy and Operations at Deloitte Deloitte St. Stephen's Episcopal School Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Leadership See 30 endorsements for Leadership 30 Leadership Endorsed by Max Collinge and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Henry (On Man)’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 28 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 28 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 5 of Henry (On Man)’s colleagues at Deloitte Endorsed by 11 people who know Microsoft Excel Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 27 endorsements for Public Speaking 27 Public Speaking Endorsed by Max Collinge, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Henry (On Man)’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (3) Will (Zhewei) Huang Private Equity & Fund Management July 24, 2013, Will (Zhewei) managed Henry (On Man) directly Henry is a one of the most self driven individual I have ever met in my college. His intelligence and willingness to learn has always helped our team a lot. Kyle Zeman Engagement Manager at McKinsey & Company December 19, 2012, Kyle managed Henry (On Man) directly I guided Henry when he was preparing a sales training session for a group of approximately 50 people. Although this was Henry's first time leading a training -- he learned very quickly, pulling cases from his past successes, to plan, create and deliver an enriching session for the delegates.Throughout the process Henry thought critically to develop the session independently, while not being hesitant to seek feedback to ensure his session was up to the level of excellence he always expects from himself.Henry's skill set is suitable for roles that stress, teamwork, critical thinking and adaptability. Will (Zhewei) Huang Private Equity & Fund Management July 24, 2013, Henry (On Man) reported directly to Will (Zhewei) Will shows leadership and hardwork in everything he does. As the Vice President of Business Development at AIESEC Seattle, Will had trained and led more than 20 new members, including myself to become Business Development professionals. Through leads generation, cold calling, sales meeting, and various networking events, our team was able to reach top performance across the US chapters under Will's leadership. Not only does he share his passion and knowledge immensely, Will also sets an example by getting his hands dirty with us. I will not be hesitant to recommend Will, my mentor and friend, to any organization. Kelvin Kong Industrial Stormwater Consultant July 24, 2013, Kelvin worked with Henry (On Man) in the same group I reported directly to Kelvin when I was a Treasurer at the Hong Kong Student Association of University of Washington. Throughout my experience with him, it is an understatement to say Kelvin is one of the most charismatic and dedicated leaders I've had. Kelvin stood up to lead when the group was going under management changes. He was able to commit and deliver result immediately when he was most needed. He shows true passion and dedication to the group. I will not be hesitant to recommend Kelvin to any responsible positions, because I know he will be bring personal skills, leadership, and dedication to any group. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Interests Carlyle Capital Partners 905 followers Deutsche Bank 559,945 followers Navigant 41,520 followers CDH Investments 5,788 followers The Economist 3,871,185 followers The Blackstone Group 123,442 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Ford, CFA Trust Investment Officer at Raymond James Trust Company Raymond James Financial, Inc. University of Tampa - John H. Sykes College of Business Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area 330 330 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Awarded the right to use the CFA designation by the CFA Institute in September 2010 (the pass rate for the June 2010 Level III exam was 46%)• Earned a Master of Science in Finance from the University of Tampa in 2008, via the MS-FIN program’s Investment Management Track. The Investment Management Track is focused on rigorous, in-depth analysis of financial information for investment management professionals, and several courses are based on the CFA curriculum. • Prior professional experience includes over six years of investment banking in municipal securities.• Have shown an ability throughout my professional career to successfully balance a fierce and dynamic workload by determining where my responsibilities began and ended, and delegating other responsibilities when necessary• Highly motivated, energetic & self-directed problem solver. Works well independently or with others as a collaborative member of a team.• Ability to understand the needs of clients and provide them with value-added, high quality service. Comfortable with a flexible job description.• Professional success evidenced by rapid career advancement consisting of ascending multiple levels at three prominent firms.Specialties: Extensive experience with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access), spreadsheet modeling, Morningstar Direct and MPI Stylus; moderate experience with valuation modeling, Factset, Tableau, Bloomberg, Barclays POINT, SQL Navigator and Zephyr See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 13 endorsements for Investments 13 Investments Martha W. Ford and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 8 endorsements for Financial Modeling 8 Financial Modeling Stefan Kooistra and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 8 endorsements for Bloomberg 8 Bloomberg Nadim Hajje and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Jean has a account Jean Vignes Programmer-Analyst Bastyr University Bellevue College Greater Seattle Area 107 107 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Programmer-Analyst with over 20 years of experience. I've worked as a software, database and report designer and developer using SQL Server (T-SQL), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Oracle (PL/SQL), MS Access (VBA), Crystal Reports, Visual Basic, MS Excel, Visio, etc. for a wide variety of organizations. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Database Analyst Company Name Bastyr University Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Kenmore, WA Analyzed and manipulated university data for all departments using Bastyr’s campus data management system (eCAMS); created 100’s of reports & data-merge documents (e.g. finance extracts, faculty contracts, clinic schedule rosters, admissions department mailing labels) utilizing SSRS 2012; created views, stored procedures, triggers & functions using MS SQL Server 2012 (SSMS); created ETL (data extract, transform & load) jobs using MS SQL Server & MS Excel to move data between systems (e.g. moving employee contact data between the Empower payroll system & the RAVE emergency notification system); coded small data applications using MS Word VBA and MS Access VBA; worked collaboratively with department management & staff in order to streamline data processing, encourage data sharing between departments, and eliminate duplicate data entry; trained less-technical staff in using the SSRS Data Manager & report parameters in order to extract the data they needed on a daily basis and export it into MS Excel or MS Word as required; acted as project manager & database developer for in-house application projects (e.g. coordinating a web developer & a dozen program staff members to create a custom, web-form-based faculty contracts application.) Adjunct Faculty Company Name Bellevue College Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Bellevue, WA As a member of the adjunct faculty at Bellevue College Continuing Education, taught "Beginning SQL Server (using 2008)". This work involved developing course materials and teaching adult learners the basics of the Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 database management system. Software Engineer Company Name Boeing Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Everett, Washington Analyzed, designed and coded automated database applications in MS Access, on a short-term contract basis. Extracted Core Quality data for the 787 Dreamliner project from MS SQL Server instances and other data sources. Coded several stand-alone, automated VBA applications to extract and manipulate data for management reports presented in MS Access, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint and Adobe Flex. Data Analyst / Programmer Company Name Medtronic - Physio-Control Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Data analyst and programmer for Physio-Control, a division of Medtronic in Redmond, Washington that manufactures lifesaving cardiac defibrillators. Gather requirements, design software systems and databases, and code solutions in support of customer service (especially field service representatives), district managers, sales and finance. Programmer-Analyst Company Name Mammography Reporting System Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Seattle, WA Scripted objects and stored procedures in MS SQL Server 2008, created data dictionaries, data conversion plans, process flow diagrams, functional specifications and screen prototypes using MS Excel, Visio and Photoshop for Mammography Reporting Services, a Seattle software company that had an 80% national market share in medical software designed specifically for hospitals and radiology clinics providing mammography services. See more positions Education Bellevue College Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study C# Programming Louisiana State University Field Of Study Music, Liberal Arts and Sciences North Seattle Community College Field Of Study Computer Info Systems - Programming See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Databases See 14 endorsements for Databases 14 Databases Shane Row and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SSRS See 5 endorsements for SSRS 5 SSRS Kenneth Shook and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills T-SQL See 7 endorsements for T-SQL 7 T-SQL Kenneth Shook and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Jonathan Paulson Sr. Software Engineer at Resort Data Processing, Inc. March 15, 2012, Jean worked with Jonathan in the same group It's my pleasure to be able to recommend Jean Vignes. I've worked with many people over the years and Jean is one of my favorites; she is a total pleasure to work with. Jean and I met while we both worked at a software development company called Advanced Information Management or AIM (later renamed to Authoria). The software we wrote at AIM required a lot of complex algorithms and had heavy database dependencies so I remember many times that Jean and I got together to brainstorm ideas in order to order to come up with elegant and efficient designs. Jean is a good programmer and she also has a very strong database background which helped me many times come up with the right solution. In basketball there is a term called "triple threat" that is used to describe when a player can either drive, shoot or pass the ball. Jean is a triple threat developer - she is an excellent programmer, she is an excellent writer (technical documents as well as customer facing documents) and she can also communicate well directly with customers. In my past twenty plus years working as a developer I've come across very few developers who can do all three of these things let alone do them as well as Jean can. I've managed and hired developers for many years since then and if Jean ever lived close enough to I'd hire her in a second no questions asked! Jean has my highest recommendation. Derek Wing Communications Manager at PEMCO March 27, 2016, Jean worked with Derek in different groups Derek is naturally skilled as a communicator. His sincerity, charm, intelligence and poise make him perfect for any job where communicating within his organization or with the public is part of his duties. I am very sorry to see him leave Bastyr but I'm sure that he will be a true asset to any organization that hires him in the future. Katheryn Christiansen MHA Intern at UW Medicine March 13, 2016, Jean worked with Katheryn in different groups It was my great pleasure to work with Katheryn at Bastyr University. Her dedication, precision, kindness and congeniality made working with Katheryn a joy. I always knew that I could rely on Katheryn when I needed help with a data problem and that she'd work with me to find the best solution. Katheryn is that perfect blend of intelligence, attention to detail and excellent customer support. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Jean has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Interests University of Washington 379,021 followers Bellevue University 43,052 followers University of Oregon 136,553 followers Pulse 1,535,227 followers North Seattle College 13,349 followers Bastyr University 7,587 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ali has a account Ali Boloori Data Engineer at Hey You app Hey You App Kungliga tekniska högskolan Sydney, Australia 500+ 500+ connections Database and Software Development| Data Analytics| Big Data| Business Intelligence| Software Engineering Highlights Experience Data Engineer Company Name Hey You App Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Sydney, Australia Big Data Engineer Company Name Cafe Bazaar Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Café Bazaar is an Android marketplace with more than 25 million active users. It offers more than 25,000 downloadable apps for gaming, social media, messaging and others specifically to Persian speaking users. Data Analyst Company Name University of Sydney Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Sydney Student Program Working with the reporting team of the Sydney Student Program, the biggest IT project of its kind ever done at the University of Sydney. It introduces a new system that enables students to carry out tasks such as enrolment, paying fees, checking exam results and accessing timetables through an integrated online portal, with the aim of improving the experience of students from their first inquiry through to alumni engagement. Analyst Company Name University of Sydney Dates Employed 2012 – 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location ICT Department Working within the architecture team at ICT department of the University of Sydney. Research Assistant Company Name National ICT Australia (NICTA) Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Sydney, Australia Working with NICTA Networks Research Group in the area of Cloud Computing, Service Oriented Architecture and Big Data Analysis with Hadoop See more positions Education Kungliga tekniska högskolan Degree Name M.Sc. Field Of Study Software Engineering of Distributed Systems Grade High Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Amirkabir University of Technology - Tehran Polytechnic Degree Name BSc Field Of Study Computer Science Grade Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Java See 32 endorsements for Java 32 Java Endorsed by Ali Behzadian Nejad and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Ali’s colleagues at University of Sydney Click and drag to reorder skills UML See 24 endorsements for UML 24 UML Rik English and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Software Engineering See 21 endorsements for Software Engineering 21 Software Engineering Endorsed by Ali Vahed, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (0) Cassie Dessein COO at Oneflare October 19, 2016, Cassie was senior to Ali but didn’t manage directly Ali developed valuable reporting to facilitate the day to day operations of multiple operations departments. Despite limited guidance, challenging requests, and short timelines, Ali consistently delivered creative solutions that unblocked many pain points my teams were experiencing. Thanks to the data presentation he created, we are a more efficient and capable team. Marlowe Mackenzie Marketing & Product Executive at Hey You App September 18, 2016, Marlowe worked with Ali in different groups Ali is a great team player. He generated countless reporting tools for myself and the rest of my team, often without being requested to do so. He lent his time to train my team on how to use these reports and how they would fit in and optimise day to day operations. We collaborated together on a project involving Fraud Management, throughout which he was very passionate and diligent about solving the problem and implementing monitoring processes in order to avoid it in the future. I would recommend Ali to anyone in need of his talents, he is committed to organisational performance and growth and is a lovely addition to any office culture. I wish him all the best in his future endeavours! View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ali has 12 courses 12 Expand courses section Courses Distributed Artificial Intelligence and Intelligent Agents Distributed Computing, Peer-to-Peer and GRIDS Distributed Systems, Advanced Course Distributed Systems, Basic Course Grid Application Development with gLite and P-GRADE Portal Hadoop Training Course for Developers and System Administrators Intel Multi-threading and Parallelism Machine Learning Summer School Modern Methods in Software Engineering Network Programming with Java Ali has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Ali has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Australian Computer Society Interests Apache Spark 30,119 members Data Intensive Computing in the Clouds (DataCloud) 725 members Advanced Center of Excellence for Enterprise Modernization 3,136 members nbn™ Australia 70,093 followers Aussie IT Jobs 27,247 members Total Resource Solutions 2,519 followers See all See all following
More Actions Darcy has a account Darcy Vesely Flight Operations at Gogo Gogo DePaul University Greater Chicago Area 258 258 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Darcy’s Activity Visit Gogo at #EBACE17 Booth U094 in Geneva next week to hear about our superior technologies, best-in-class service, and global reach to help your aircraft fly smarter, perform more efficiently, with happier passengers and crew. gogo.to/ebace17 Darcy shared this Congratulations to JA Air Center! They have ranked #1 in Illinois since their move to the Aurora Airport in 2009. They have also ranked in the top ten FBOS from North, Central and South America. (3000 FBOs are included in the survey below.) https://lnkd.in/eVcyr_M Darcy shared this Looking to invest in inflight Wi-Fi for your business or private jet? Here are the top 5 considerations for choosing your inflight Internet network. http://gogo.to/network Darcy shared this ‪Michael Givens, FAA Hazmat Specialist, presenting "Risks of Lithium Batteries" at #BASS2017‬ ‪#flightsafety #bizav #aviation @flightsafety‬ Darcy liked See all activity Experience Flight Operations Coordinator Company Name Gogo Dates Employed 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Rockford, Illinois Area Challenger 600; Boeing 737-500 Senior Data Analyst - Contract Company Name Caterpillar Inc. Dates Employed 2010 – 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Aurora, IL Technical Data Analyst - Contract Company Name Caterpillar Inc. Dates Employed 2008 – 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Aurora, IL Database Administrator - Contract Company Name Live Nation Dates Employed 2007 – 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Aurora, IL Database Administrator/Project Consultant - Contract Company Name BP Amoco Dates Employed 2006 – 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Warrenville, IL See more positions Education DePaul University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Skills Part 125 Part 125 Click and drag to reorder skills Databases Databases Click and drag to reorder skills Crew Resource Management Crew Resource Management Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis Data Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Darcy has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations CABAA - Chicago Area Business Aviation Association NBAA - National Business Aviation Association WIA - Women in Aviation International Darcy has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Flight Attendant First Aid/CPR/AED Darcy has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course General Aviation Food Safety Training Interests Gray Stone Advisors 71 followers CABAA ~ Chicago Area Business Aviation Association 835 members National Business Aviation Association 9,935 followers DePaul University 154,995 followers Pilot Jobs, Airlines Jobs - CometoFly.com 341 members Jet Professionals 5,535 followers See all See all following
More Actions Weili has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Weili Geng Senior Research Analyst at Twitter Twitter Alliant International University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent 6 years’ experience in analyzing user data, extracting business insights, building business recommendations, testing new product ideas, and communicating findings to various stakeholders.1. Technical Data Analysis Skills• Expert on SQL, Hadoop, Tableau, Microstrategy and various business analytics tools• Familiar with Statistical Testing using R and Python2. Client Facing Skills• Have done numerous presentations with data insights and business recommendations to both internal management teams and external clients including 10+ fortune 100 companies See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Research Analyst Company Name Twitter Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Trying to make a difference!• Develop and execute on analytics programs to uncover insights about users' perception towards brands. • Build business recommendations to improve user satisfaction towards advertisers' brands, products or services, present those recommendations to advertisers, including 10+ fortune 100 companies globally. • Lead global projects with engineering team to collect and store user behavior data for ad-hoc analysis.• Train 50+ team members on SQL, Tableau, internal tools, and manipulating user data. Project Example 1 – Finding the Right Audience at the Right Time through AB Testing• Analyze users’ real time conversations to find out who they are, what they like, and how they react to different advertisements; determine the right audience for each advertiser; present business recommendations to improve user satisfaction and purchase intent of advertisers' products or services.Project Example 2 – Managing 10+ Global Brands' Campaign Success• Work with Twitter top advertisers to define their marketing objectives; design corresponding brand metrics; measure metric lifts between users who saw the promoted ads from the advertisers and users who didn’t; extract data insights to find drivers of those lifts and optimize the return of advertisers' future advertisement investment; build and present branding strategies to those advertisers. Revenue Innovation Analyst Company Name Google Dates Employed 2014 – 2014 Employment Duration less than a year Location San Francisco Bay Area • Identified business needs and product usage patterns of small and medium sized businesses.• Created customized sales products to different type of businesses and increased Google Ads revenue. Project Example – Improving SMB Revenue• Identified small advertisers that have been passively using Google Ads platforms, developed personalized campaigns and products, tracked customer responses, improved customer satisfaction and Google revenue. Product Analyst Company Name eBay Inc Dates Employed 2013 – 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location San Francisco Bay Area • Collaborated closely with product managers in tracking the performance of every product feature. • Worked with engineers to collect and store user behavior data for ad-hoc analysis. • Discovered users’ product usage patterns and extracted insights to inform product enhancements. Project Example – AB Testing Product Features• Turned data insights into live product features, designed AB tests to track users satisfaction and revenue impact, made decisions with product managers together on product development plans. Product Analyst, Intern Company Name SAP Dates Employed 2012 – 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location San Francisco Bay Area • Communicated with product managers about product directions and business goals.• Conducted deep data analysis on user experience and created business plans to drive revenue.Project Example – Video Game Monetization • Analyzed millions of video game players’ behavior, from registering, starting to play, being active, leveling up, to paying to play, developed product recommendations to improve user conversions. IT Help Desk Representative Company Name Alliant International University Dates Employed 2012 – 2012 Employment Duration less than a year Location Greater San Diego Area • Responded to emails, phone calls, and chat support requests from students and staff.• Resolved no less than 100 customer issues per day, and documented help desk tickets. Education Alliant International University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Information and Technology Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Sun Yat-Sen University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 University of Southern California Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Business Intelligence Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 36 endorsements for Data Analysis 36 Data Analysis Endorsed by Dinghua Liang and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Weili’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 28 endorsements for SQL 28 SQL Endorsed by Dinghua Liang and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Weili’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 25 endorsements for Business Analysis 25 Business Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Weili’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Steven Lee Twitter December 20, 2016, Weili worked with Steven in the same group Weili is one of the most talented people at Twitter. She is a great team player who has a proven analytics background and experience presenting her research to key stakeholders. Weili has grown into a leader during the past three years at Twitter. I would certainly recommend her to any organization or team. Dan Barak Manager, Quantitative Business Analytics at Google April 3, 2017, Dan managed Weili directly I'm managed Weili as an analyst at Google and it's been an absolute pleasure to work with her. Weili is a fast learner, curious, hard working and proactive. She often went above and beyond her duties with limited guidance. She's a natural analyst, with great data science skills and a constant thrive to understand the business and how it can benefit from her work. Weili worked extremely well with others on the team and kept pushing both herself and the team to deliver better results faster. I was also impressed by Weili's willingness to "get her hands dirty", working on a project with a fellow Googler, she took on herself to rewrite portions of the relevant data pipelines to improve the performance of one of our systems. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Weili has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications CFA Level I and II Certified ERP/SaaS Consultant Project Management Professional (PMP) Weili has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Founder of Swimming Association Interests Sun Yat-Sen University 61,208 followers Business Travel 4,376,537 followers Dropbox 158,032 followers PMI San Diego 2,283 members eBay 274,372 followers Green Business 10,533,776 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anisa has a account Anisa Khandkar Operations Research Analyst at GSA GSA University of Pennsylvania Greater New York City Area 152 152 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Operations Research Analyst Company Name GSA Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Creating custom software solutions and providing analysis regarding marketplaces for government procurement. Data Analyst / Reports / Developer Company Name FEMA Dates Employed May 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Region 2 National Training Cadre Member Company Name FEMA Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos I teach courses such as: Field Ops / PA Eligibility / Benefit-Cost-Analysis / Project Specialist ("OPS-1") / Public Assistance Crew Leader / PA Alternative Procedures ...... This list is growing as I attempt to master as many facets of the PA Program as possible. Task Force Leader, Critical Infrastructure + Operations Support, NY Sandy Recovery Company Name FEMA Dates Employed Apr 2013 – May 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location New York Lead for Project Estimating, QAQC, Insurance Reviews Technical Specialist Company Name NYC Office of Emergency Management Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Application Support / Program Management for Sahana Mayon. Coastal Storm Plan Co-Lead. See more positions Education University of Pennsylvania Degree Name BA Field Of Study Political Science, Islamic Middle East Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: President, Penn Arab Student Society, 2005-2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Emergency Management See 23 endorsements for Emergency Management 23 Emergency Management Shaun Joel Ketch and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management See 21 endorsements for Program Management 21 Program Management Mahamane Hassane and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Government See 19 endorsements for Government 19 Government Didier Dorga and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Andrew -Merolla - Merolla Construction Services Professional Construction Manager / Certified Professional Cost Estimator / NASCLA Unlimited General Contractor July 13, 2016, Anisa managed Andrew -Merolla - directly I worked with Andrew in my capacity as a Task Force Leader for Critical Infrastructure and Cost Estimating with FEMA. My team was tapped to provide several estimates for disaster-related damages, many in excess of 1 Billion USD, in a very demanding environment. By the time we got our hands on some of these projects, working relationships were strained, to say the least. These were the cases I most often referred to Andy. Andy's professional demeanor, knowledge and skill as an estimator (and construction manager) truly distinguish him from the pack. In an environment where engineers / construction managers tend to wear their certifications as a badge of honor, Andy instead wears his work ethic most prominently. This isn't at all to demean the profession -- projects are indeed made or broken by a team's ability to effectively engineer and convert to an estimate and project management schedule. But the reality is that substantiating a federal grant -- one that will stand the test of time, conforming to federal regulations and withstanding audits -- often takes a level of effort beyond what suffices in the private sector. Bridging that gap, where a client has never applied for a large federal grant, is where Andy truly shined. Where a client’s representative simply presented a billion-dollar estimate as a mere 10 line items, Andy was able to produce a robust cost model to validate their proposal. If things didn't add up, so to speak, Andy wouldn’t just “double down.” He used his uncanny ability to diffuse tension and promote transparency and dialogue. He clearly conveyed his deep understanding federal procurement regulations, market trends, historical data, and various estimating software suites. He worked towards a solution that everyone could understand and rally behind. There aren't too many people who understand what it truly takes to keep a critical facility, such as a hospital, fully operational while it undergoes major construction. There are far fewer that understand how to structure those requirements in such a way that they also align with the requirements of a federal grant. And there are even fewer that are as dedicated to their craft and customer service as Andrew Merolla. I look forward to working with him again and am deeply grateful for all that he has taught me. Christy Rutherford ♦ Leadership and Success Coach ♦ ♦ Creating Cultures of High Performance ♦ June 17, 2015, Christy Rutherford was senior to Anisa but didn’t manage directly Christy Rutherford in a word: transformative. There is a constant thread in every memory I have of Christy, and that is one of renewal. If I ever hit a wall or felt I had exhausted all options, she pointed me, with ease, to the door I had left unopened. There was always a path forward. If I had a huge success and wanted to share, she reveled in that moment with me, but in the end she would always ask: how can you do it even better next time?Whether I walked into her office feeling high or low, I left the same way: with a sharpened determination, with a plan to do greater and be greater.It’s so incredibly rare to find leaders with vision, clarity and the ability to inspire greatness in others. Christy exists in a space in which the path ahead always seems so clear. And not only is it clear, but the goal at the end of that path is attainable. And that success can (must) be had without sacrificing what means most to you. As a professional woman with children, this was perhaps the hardest, yet most important, lesson I’ve ever learned. I truly can’t say enough how thankful I am to have had such an amazing mentor / guide, but I am so grateful for each lesson taught along the way. Accomplishments Interests GSA 30,190 followers University of Pennsylvania 222,497 followers Federal Government 10,826 followers Pulse 1,535,227 followers University of Pennsylvania 205,589 followers FEMA 81,442 followers
More Actions Carlos Filipe has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Carlos Filipe Leiras Business Manager / Commercial Data Analyst / Investor Independent Faculdade de Economia da Universidade do Algarve Porto, Porto, Portugal 262 262 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Carlos Filipe’s Activity 262 followers Earlier today I had a private message from a recruiter, who said he felt I was too open on LinkedIn and I needed to be more professional. Later this afternoon I spoke with a potential investor, who told me that she was keen to invest in our business because she felt she already knew me, and trusted me. I've always tried to be myself with everyone - up, down and sideways on the ladder of life. It's served me pretty well so far, and I'd hate to have to be a show-pony to make a success of myself and our business. What do you think? Carlos Filipe liked Hoje, no Jornal Vida Económica. Carlos Filipe liked When US marketing gurus try to second guess German hard discounters' success Carlos Filipe liked See all activity Experience Investor Company Name Independent Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Porto Area, Portugal Commercial Analyst & Strategist Company Name CeX Webuy.com Dates Employed Mar 2015 – May 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location London, Madrid, Mumbai, Porto Commercial Analyst and Strategist specialized in retail (In Store and E-Commerce):-Pricing analyst (3rd line) and strategist, as part of the Commercial team, for the regions where webuy.com currently operates: Uk, Spain, Ireland, USA, Australia, India, Mexico, Netherlands, Portugal, Poland & Italy-Commercial Head in PT and Commercial Representative in ESResponsibilities:-Data Mining, Competitor Price Comparison, Analyse data using Excel, Define the pricing point & elasticity (buy-in pp, trade-in pp and sale pp) for a variety of products (Hardware & Media)-Elaborating pricing strategies across all regions with the team and the Commercial Manager-Assuring pricing strategies provide better profit, higher margin, sustainable stock growth and faster stock turns necessary for expansion-Track data to find outliers cooperating w/ LP: Violation of trading rules, Stock adjustments, incorrect transfers-Providing 3rd line assistance to the 1st & 2nd line pricing teams-Traveling to Mumbai yearly to strengthen the relationship-Managing Stock levels and transfers across 500+ stores with the Comms team-Managing Stock levels and transfers in ES (with the Commercial Manager) and PT-Decide, with the team, rules for grading, buying, trading, selling and stock management across all regions reporting to the Director-Researching & analyzing data to present different perspectives on opportunities and challenges to the business, consistently formulating cost cutting methods to improve margins-Supporting the president for ES & PT by presenting actionable insights from multiple data sources, allowing to maximize opportunities-Assuring Commercial guidelines of the business are being correctly applied across all regions-Elaborating store layouts, reviewing them periodically-Store commercial check-ups (layouts, stock levels)-Presenting OpsComs every quarter in ES & PT-Presenting Annual Franchise Meetings in ES-Training Zee's, Sr. OM's, OM & Mng in Comms training sessions Recruiter, Trainer, Translator, Store Supervisor Company Name CeX Webuy.com Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Porto e Região, Portugal Hired as Sales Assistant for the first store in Porto, PT. Promoted to store supervisor, trainer and translator after a few months.Responsibilities:-Multiple store operations tasks: Product testing, customer service, stock checks, open & closing store procedures and overall store maintenance.Product testing included a large range of hardware items: gaming consoles, phones (Android, Windows and Ios), laptops, desktops among others.-Receive CV’s and shortlist them. Interview candidates with the store manager. Train new colleagues to all operation tasks and to become CeX champions of integrity and dedication. Successful trained new additions for sales assistant position (7 in total, four gentlemen, three ladies ) include a SA consistently promoted to Operations Manager, one promoted to manager and two promoted to store supervisors (three ladies and one gentleman)-Training the trainer, SA, now the PT trainer and PT responsible for WeCare - customer care, after-sale customer service-Translation of the company guides (and other types of documents, included legal) from English to Portuguese. Co Owner Company Name Café Magno Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Porto Area, Portugal Internship - Business Management Company Name O Lar do Comércio Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Porto e Região, Portugal See more positions Education Faculdade de Economia da Universidade do Algarve Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Business Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 Faculdade de Letras da Universidade do Porto Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study History Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Universidade Católica Portuguesa See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Pricing Strategy See 2 endorsements for Pricing Strategy 2 Pricing Strategy Esra Onder and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Pricing See 2 endorsements for Pricing 2 Pricing Esra Onder and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy See 3 endorsements for Business Strategy 3 Business Strategy Esra Onder and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Carlos Filipe has 6 languages 6 Expand languages section Languages Espanhol French Inglês Japonês Português Sign Language Interests Pulse 1,535,227 followers Marketing & Advertising 14,745,715 followers FC Porto 7,023 followers Universidade Católica Portuguesa 43,384 followers Lucy P. MarcusLucy P. Marcus is a LinkedIn Influencer Non-Exec Board Director ● columnist Project Syndicate ● Professor 928,209 followers Blip.pt 9,727 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anisa has a account Anisa Khandkar Operations Research Analyst at GSA GSA University of Pennsylvania Greater New York City Area 152 152 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Operations Research Analyst Company Name GSA Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Creating custom software solutions and providing analysis regarding marketplaces for government procurement. Data Analyst / Reports / Developer Company Name FEMA Dates Employed May 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Region 2 National Training Cadre Member Company Name FEMA Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos I teach courses such as: Field Ops / PA Eligibility / Benefit-Cost-Analysis / Project Specialist ("OPS-1") / Public Assistance Crew Leader / PA Alternative Procedures ...... This list is growing as I attempt to master as many facets of the PA Program as possible. Task Force Leader, Critical Infrastructure + Operations Support, NY Sandy Recovery Company Name FEMA Dates Employed Apr 2013 – May 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location New York Lead for Project Estimating, QAQC, Insurance Reviews Technical Specialist Company Name NYC Office of Emergency Management Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Application Support / Program Management for Sahana Mayon. Coastal Storm Plan Co-Lead. See more positions Education University of Pennsylvania Degree Name BA Field Of Study Political Science, Islamic Middle East Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: President, Penn Arab Student Society, 2005-2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Emergency Management See 23 endorsements for Emergency Management 23 Emergency Management Shaun Joel Ketch and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management See 21 endorsements for Program Management 21 Program Management Mahamane Hassane and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Government See 19 endorsements for Government 19 Government Didier Dorga and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Andrew -Merolla - Merolla Construction Services Professional Construction Manager / Certified Professional Cost Estimator / NASCLA Unlimited General Contractor July 13, 2016, Anisa managed Andrew -Merolla - directly I worked with Andrew in my capacity as a Task Force Leader for Critical Infrastructure and Cost Estimating with FEMA. My team was tapped to provide several estimates for disaster-related damages, many in excess of 1 Billion USD, in a very demanding environment. By the time we got our hands on some of these projects, working relationships were strained, to say the least. These were the cases I most often referred to Andy. Andy's professional demeanor, knowledge and skill as an estimator (and construction manager) truly distinguish him from the pack. In an environment where engineers / construction managers tend to wear their certifications as a badge of honor, Andy instead wears his work ethic most prominently. This isn't at all to demean the profession -- projects are indeed made or broken by a team's ability to effectively engineer and convert to an estimate and project management schedule. But the reality is that substantiating a federal grant -- one that will stand the test of time, conforming to federal regulations and withstanding audits -- often takes a level of effort beyond what suffices in the private sector. Bridging that gap, where a client has never applied for a large federal grant, is where Andy truly shined. Where a client’s representative simply presented a billion-dollar estimate as a mere 10 line items, Andy was able to produce a robust cost model to validate their proposal. If things didn't add up, so to speak, Andy wouldn’t just “double down.” He used his uncanny ability to diffuse tension and promote transparency and dialogue. He clearly conveyed his deep understanding federal procurement regulations, market trends, historical data, and various estimating software suites. He worked towards a solution that everyone could understand and rally behind. There aren't too many people who understand what it truly takes to keep a critical facility, such as a hospital, fully operational while it undergoes major construction. There are far fewer that understand how to structure those requirements in such a way that they also align with the requirements of a federal grant. And there are even fewer that are as dedicated to their craft and customer service as Andrew Merolla. I look forward to working with him again and am deeply grateful for all that he has taught me. Christy Rutherford ♦ Leadership and Success Coach ♦ ♦ Creating Cultures of High Performance ♦ June 17, 2015, Christy Rutherford was senior to Anisa but didn’t manage directly Christy Rutherford in a word: transformative. There is a constant thread in every memory I have of Christy, and that is one of renewal. If I ever hit a wall or felt I had exhausted all options, she pointed me, with ease, to the door I had left unopened. There was always a path forward. If I had a huge success and wanted to share, she reveled in that moment with me, but in the end she would always ask: how can you do it even better next time?Whether I walked into her office feeling high or low, I left the same way: with a sharpened determination, with a plan to do greater and be greater.It’s so incredibly rare to find leaders with vision, clarity and the ability to inspire greatness in others. Christy exists in a space in which the path ahead always seems so clear. And not only is it clear, but the goal at the end of that path is attainable. And that success can (must) be had without sacrificing what means most to you. As a professional woman with children, this was perhaps the hardest, yet most important, lesson I’ve ever learned. I truly can’t say enough how thankful I am to have had such an amazing mentor / guide, but I am so grateful for each lesson taught along the way. Accomplishments Interests GSA 30,190 followers Federal Government 10,826 followers University of Pennsylvania 205,589 followers Pulse 1,535,227 followers FEMA 81,442 followers University of Pennsylvania 222,497 followers
More Actions Tony has a account Tony Urbalejo Accomplished Data Analyst looking for a new opportunity... Harmonic Inc. San Jose State University San Jose, California 297 297 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent An accomplished CRM Data expert, responsible for maintaining the quality and completeness data in our CRM system, SalesForce. Responsible for analyzing data quality, and maintenance (both regularly scheduled and ad-hoc), assisting with various data cleansing campaigns, and providing general CRM user support. I have solid analytical skills, an eye for detail, and possess interpersonal relationship skills. I work independently and have been making sound decision to improve data integrity. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Harmonic Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location San Jose Responsible for linking installed base SalesForce records to Service Level Agreement records.Responsible for updating End of Service records in SFDC for End of LIfe productsResponsible for creating a quoting tool for our SLA managers to quote SLA renewals for our products.Responsible for setting up installed base + Service Level Agreements (SLA) reports withing our Gs&S team.Responsible for submitting IRD’s to IT for database cleansing.Key Projects: Provided key data insights for IT into successfully merging two SaleForce instances into one. I lead the creation of a quoting tool generating millions of dollars of annual renewal Service Level Agreement revenue. Support Contracts Analyst Company Name Harmonic, Inc Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location Sunnyvale Responsible for creating renewal quotes in Big Machines and sending to our Sales Team.Responsible for partnering with a vendor to set up data for processing renewal quotes.Responsible for submitting contracts for approvalResponsible for crediting contracts in SFDC.Key Project: Implementation of a new vendor renewal quoting system Logistics Analyst/Trade Show & Demonstration Operations Coordinator Company Name Harmonic Dates Employed May 2003 – Oct 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Served as logistics coordinator for domestic and international trade shows from beginning to end and coordinated transportation and delivery of exhibit materials with outside vendors; partnered with management and trade show product managers on event planning and marketing strategies and provided recommendation on possible solutions to last minute issues. Kept detailed inventory of all event materials using Oracle and ensured timely setup of all equipment and marketing collateral. Compiled data into detailed reports regarding transactions and updated BoMs and assessed Carnets and Commercial invoices for global shipment of materials. Campus Safety Officer Company Name Santa Clara University Dates Employed 2001 – 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Santa Clara Technical Support Analyst Company Name Globalstar Dates Employed 2000 – 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr Location San Jose See more positions Education San Jose State University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Criminal Justice Administration Grade B+ Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Football Star, Tau Kappa Epsilon. Citrus College Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1987 Activities and Societies: Jr. College Citrus Owls Football Team Offensive Lineman. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Management See 1 endorsement for Data Management 1 Data Management Catherine Urbalejo has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills MS Excel Pivot Tables See 1 endorsement for MS Excel Pivot Tables 1 MS Excel Pivot Tables Catherine Urbalejo has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Salesforce.com See 13 endorsements for Salesforce.com 13 Salesforce.com Endorsed by 7 of Tony’s colleagues at Harmonic Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Janet Phinney Sr. Administrative Assistant at Space Sytems/Loral September 17, 2007, Tony worked with Janet in different groups Janet was terrific to work with and extremely detail oriented. One of her greatest strengths is her ability stay focused under a stressful and heavy workload. One of her greatest gifts was her incredible sense of humor around the office. It was a sincere pleasure to work with Janet at Globalstar! Accomplishments Tony has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests QlikView 38,736 members Data Analyst 29,939 members Citrus College 16,143 followers Brocade 109,626 followers San Jose State University 250,391 followers QlikConnect 4,575 members See all See all following
More Actions Claudia has a account Claudia Leal Analyst Safety Data at Goldcorp Goldcorp Inc Universidad de Monterrey Vancouver, Canada Area 248 248 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Ability to speak and write English and Spanish fluently.Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills with a meticulous attention to detail while meeting all deadlines.Dedicated and focused; able to prioritize and complete multiple tasks and follow through to achieve project goals.Good judgment to proactively and independently solve problems and make decisions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Analyst, Safety Data Company Name Goldcorp Inc Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos In my position at Goldcorp, I led cross functional integration efforts to collect, analyze, audit and report on safety data in EHS management systems with the highest level of accuracy. From this data, I prepared the content for the Quarterly and Annual Safety and Health Report, and the safety content for Sustainability Report (according the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)). Design and implement Safety Data Management systems in order to improve efficiencies and communication of critical Safety events. I led the piloting and training for the safety teams across the organization in order to ensure the user acceptances in both Canadian and Latin American regions.Worked in collaboration with a team to create the annual Day of Remembrance which is a day where all sites across Goldcorp stop production in order to focus on Safety and Health. As a member of the team that develops the content for the day, I contributed overall strategy for the day, the themes, corporate and site specific safety statistics, visual aids of high potential events, translation both written and oral and training to our Latin American region. Administrative Assistant / GPS Control Assistant Company Name Silver Standard Resources Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location vancouver, canada area While working at Silver Standard Resources, I compiled and analyze data from a variety of reports to prepare monthly financial, safety and operational reports for Senior Executive Management and the Board of Directors.In order to make easy to track workers in high risk areas and to share important safety and security events across the company, I created a flash report forms, GPS tracking forms, and journey management forms and worked with a team to create a GPS app on SharePoint.I traveled to remote locations in Mexico in order to assist with mine rescue training, first aid, and emergency response. Judicial Law Clerk Company Name Federal Court of Appeal Dates Employed Jan 2002 – May 2009 Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Location Monterrey Area, Mexico Provided legal assistance to the court on appeals and other legal matters. Examined appeal materials, conducted legal research for case preparation, summarized evidence prepared memoranda of law, and issued court decisions. Involvement and coordination of special study projects on certain points of law. Education Universidad de Monterrey Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Marketing and Communication Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Magna Cum Laude Universidad Ateneo de Monterrey Degree Name Bachelor of Laws (LLB) Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Volunteer Experience Translator Company Name Inland Refugee Society Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Jan 2010 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Court Worker Assistant Company Name Justice Education Society of BC Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Jan 2010 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Bilingual-English/Spanish See 8 endorsements for Bilingual-English/Spanish 8 Bilingual-English/Spanish Mercedes Abigaíl Peña Cota and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SharePoint See 7 endorsements for SharePoint 7 SharePoint Janelle Smith and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills GPS See 6 endorsements for GPS 6 GPS Jaime A. Chica and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Accomplishments Claudia has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Advanced 2010 Excel and Word GPS Tracking Systems NEBOSH International Occupational and Health and Safety certificate course - enrolled SharePoint Claudia has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Claudia has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification First Aid Level 1 - Certified Interests Universidad Ateneo de Monterrey 812 followers Freeport-McMoRan 57,531 followers EVRAZ North America 18,035 followers Glencore (formerly Xstrata Nickel) 9,950 followers Universidad Ateneo de Monterrey 781 followers Agnico Eagle Mines Limited 18,949 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alice has a account Alice Wong Product Manager MeridianLink Mihaylo College of Business and Economics at Cal State Fullerton Orange County, California Area 283 283 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Extremely motivated and optimistic product manager with three years experience in FinTech. From roles from technical support to documentation to product management, I strive to create optimal and efficient solutions through cross-team collaboration and data driven research. Strong believer in the saying, "The great aim of education is not knowledge but action." There is always more to learn and apply. I am currently pursuing a Master of Science in Information Systems and Decision Sciences.Want to talk? Contact me at alice.sky.wong@gmail.com. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Alice’s Activity MeridianLink 2017 User Forum is happening right now with over 300 attendees. Alice liked See all activity Experience Product Manager Company Name MeridianLink Dates Employed Feb 2016 – May 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Costa Mesa, California Documentation Specialist Company Name MeridianLink Dates Employed May 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Costa Mesa, California Software Support Specialist Company Name MeridianLink Dates Employed Jun 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Costa Mesa, California Administrative Assistant Company Name Office of Instructional Development Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Los Angeles, California Math and English Teacher Company Name Kumon North America, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Anaheim Hills, California Education Mihaylo College of Business and Economics at Cal State Fullerton Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Information Systems and Decision Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2018 University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Mathematics / Economics and History Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 Fullerton College Degree Name Associate of Science (A.S.) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Volunteer Experience Tutor Company Name Orangethorpe Learning Center Dates volunteered Jan 2011 – Sep 2011 Volunteer duration 9 mos Cause Education Orangethorpe Learning Center provides free tutoring services to low income families in the Southwest Fullerton area. As a volunteer tutor, I had the rewarding opportunity to teach students ranging from kindergarten to 6th grade and assist with their homework and school projects. A majority of the students came from non-English speaking families, and I, along with the other volunteers, bridged the language gap between their home and school to ensure their academic success. Volunteer Company Name Make-A-Wish Orange County and the Inland Empire Dates volunteered Feb 2017 – Present Volunteer duration 4 mos Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Management See 6 endorsements for Product Management 6 Product Management Endorsed by 3 of Alice’s colleagues at MeridianLink Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 5 endorsements for Project Management 5 Project Management Endorsed by 3 of Alice’s colleagues at MeridianLink Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 8 endorsements for Data Analysis 8 Data Analysis Endorsed by 5 of Alice’s colleagues at MeridianLink Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alice has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Mandarin Chinese Spanish Alice has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Professional Scrum Master level I (PSM I) Interests Social Impact 4,924,568 followers Make-A-Wish America 35,118 followers Peace Corps 67,205 followers Netflix 435,194 followers Spotify 266,607 followers University of California, Los Angeles 508,149 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steven has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Steven Ashby Vice President / Senior Director of Product Management and Marketing Limeade Stanford University Graduate School of Business Greater Seattle Area 299 299 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Product management and marketing leader with 15+ years experience with technology companies ranging from bootstrapped startups to venture backed growth companies to global Fortune 50 corporations. I have successful experience building mobile apps and website products for consumers and B2B. Areas of Expertise / Deep Experience: strategy, product vision, product management, UI, UX, visual design, consumer, cloud apps, big data, mobile apps, social media, marketing, public relations. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Director of Product Management Company Name Limeade Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Bellevue, WA Leadership position responsible for product strategy and execution of cloud based health and wellness SaaS software platform used by large companies and organizations to help their employees to improve their health, well-being and performance. In addition to product management responsibilities, I lead product marketing for Limeade. Media (1) This position has 1 media Limeade Mobile App Limeade Mobile App This media is an image Senior VP / Chief Product & Marketing Officer Company Name WattzOn Dates Employed 2009 – 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Head of Product: Responsible for product management and software development including requirements, specifications, UI/UE, design, software engineering, QA and support. I integrate behavioral design to drive people to take action and achieve results. Agile methodology. Lean startup.Head of Marketing: Responsible for direct to consumer user acquisition, lead generation and traffic growth including SEO, SEM, advertising, social media, public relations, as well as overall brand development. I drove a 75% decrease in consumer customer acquisition costs. I created a mobile app (Appliance Advisor) that initiated an invitation to demo the app at the White House for the US Secretary of Energy Media (2) This position has 2 media EnergyCenter app (mobile, tablet and desktop) EnergyCenter app (mobile, tablet and desktop) This media is a video WattzOn Appliance Advisor App - Presented at The White House WattzOn Appliance Advisor App - Presented at The White House This media is an image Managing Director Company Name Ashby Partners Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Seattle Area Consulting and interim executive for startups and mid-size companies. Some examples of my work.- Interim Chief Marketing Officer for online real estate company (Seattle)- Interim Head of Product for student-focused social network (Washington, DC)- Consultant to consumer peer-to-peer online storage startup (Seattle)- Consultant to logistics and planning software company (Portland)- Consultant to venture capital firm for portfolio company (Seattle) Chief Marketing Officer (also Product Management) Company Name Wishpot Dates Employed Sep 2006 – 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Seattle Area Responsible for product management and marketing for social shopping service that makes it easy to save and share interesting things you find in stores and online.Part of small team that successfully launched product. Built user community through primarily organic means. I was able to get visibility through coverage on TechCrunch http://techcrunch.com/2007/07/01/wishpot-social-shopping-goes-mobile/ and other media outlets. Senior Vice President of Product & Chief Marketing Officer Company Name Vendare Media Dates Employed 2004 – 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Sherman Oaks, CA Responsible for corporate marketing, branding, communications and PR. Also Sr. VP of Product Strategy responsible for strategy and product management for the online consumer search business line reaching 40mm uniques per month (Comscore).Currently doing business as Epic Media Group.Vendare Media is a leading online media and marketing company providing solutions for brand marketers, direct marketers and web publishers. Reaching more than 120 million consumers worldwide every month through its proprietary and extended media networks, Vendare Media provides advertisers and publishers with a suite of online solutions including display advertising, co-registration marketing, email marketing, search marketing, promotions and advergaming. The company, founded in 1999, majority-owned by Idealab, a leading creator and operator of technology businesses. Vendare Media, which employed some 200 people, headquartered at El Segundo, Calif., with additional offices in Chicago, San Francisco and New York City. See more positions Education Stanford University Graduate School of Business Field Of Study Customer focused innovation, product strategy and design thinking Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Institute of Design at Stanford (aka The d:school) Pennsylvania State University Field Of Study Computer Science Pennsylvania State University Field Of Study Biochemistry Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Management See 15 endorsements for Product Management 15 Product Management Endorsed by Francisco Cruz and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Steven’s colleagues at Limeade Click and drag to reorder skills Product Marketing See 9 endorsements for Product Marketing 9 Product Marketing Endorsed by 3 of Steven’s colleagues at Limeade Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 9 endorsements for Strategy 9 Strategy Endorsed by Erick Rivas, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Steven’s colleagues at Limeade Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (2) Suzy Obst Solution Principal, Slalom Consulting October 28, 2016, Suzy worked with Steven in different groups I had the pleasure of working with Steven to define and implement major strategic initiatives to help define the future of our company. Steven has exceptional insight and vision, and is able to easily inspire teams of people to follow him. He’s a confident decision-maker who also solicits, and listens to, the input of those around him. He’s funny, kind and well-liked by just about everyone. And at the end of the day, he’s results-driven – he’s clear about objectives and holds himself accountable for success. I’d chose Steven to be on my team over and over again! Yogesh Ratnaparkhi Director of Product Management at Limeade October 18, 2016, Steven was senior to Yogesh but didn’t manage directly Steven is a great product leader who brings a strong strategic vision, a wealth of industry insights and excellent problem-solving skills. A natural servant-leader, Steven brings clarity to any conversation through humor and insights and pushes the team to stay focused and strategic. Above all, he is a kind and empathetic teammate and will go out of his way to mentor those seeking his guidance. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Suzy Obst Solution Principal, Slalom Consulting October 13, 2016, Suzy was senior to Steven but didn’t manage directly Suzy is a remarkable leader who sees the big picture and thinks strategically while also having the operational chops to make things happen.Among our many interactions, I had the good fortune to work with Suzy on product and corporate strategy and she demonstrated exceptional intelligence, insight and a data-driven approach to decision making. I was particularly impressed by Suzy's ability to navigate a complex landscape and to drive clarity when there was ambiguity. Suzy is smart, driven and dedicated. On top of all this, she is just a great person who is super fun to work with and attacks big problems with an enthusiasm, energy and optimism that's contagious. She has my very strong recommendation. Yogesh Ratnaparkhi Director of Product Management at Limeade September 13, 2016, Steven was senior to Yogesh but didn’t manage directly Yogesh is a thoughtful, creative and excellent product manager and leader. His collaboration skills are extraordinary. His technical capabilities are exceptional. He gets stuff done and done well. His work with partners, API and integrations was particularly strong. Besides all of his hard skills, Yogesh is just incredibly friendly, optimistic and super fun to work with. The guy solves really tough problems and makes friends along the way, a rare gift. Accomplishments Interests Leadership & Management 24,848,874 followers Pulse 1,535,228 followers Product Management 2,597,195 followers Microsoft - Current and Former Employees 82,164 members FlyBuy Technologies 82 followers Penn State University 444,919 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Chen Credit Analyst at Leading Rating Agency Moody's Investors Service New York University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent -Experience in Finance, Management, Marketing, and Sales-Involved industries: Financial service/Investment, Non-Profit, Retail, Airlines/Cargo, and Media/AdvertisingSpecialties: -Perform assignments under time pressure-Multi-task while meeting deadlines-Team player with leadership skill-Proactive, detail-oriented and result-driven See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Associate Analyst Company Name Moody's Investors Service Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Support REITs and REOCs' credits under Commercial Real Estate Finance team. Financial Data Analyst Company Name Moody's Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location New York Provided fundamental credit analysis support to form credit opinions and rating actions for companies across different industries under Corporate Finance Group.Also supported Higher Edu team under Public Finance Group as well as Project Finance and Infrastructure Finance team. Wealth Strategy Intern Company Name UBS Dates Employed Jan 2010 – May 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos Supported 2 groups of financial advisor team, which one focuses in retirement planning for small business while another one focuses ultra-high worth clients by trading muni bonds. President Company Name Ascend Queens College Chapter Dates Employed Jun 2009 – May 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr = Received award and recognized as President of The Year =Organized professional events and programs to help student members learn more about the business industires and equip with necesary skills by collaborating with 6 executive board members and Ascend Metro NY chapter.- planned 40+ events and programs- increased over 180% on membership- appealed budget increase for 833.3% Finance Consulting Intern Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 mos -Supported teams of financial advisors in asset allocation, stock analysis, portfolio management, and risk management with varies financial instruments including, investment, insurance, annuity, education plan 529, etc.-Generated periodic reports for clients and prepared marketing packages for seminars Education New York University Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 CFA Institution Field Of Study Level 1 Candidate Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 Bloomberg University Degree Name Certification Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Bloomberg Terminal Certified - Core Essential, Commodity, Equity, Fixed Income & FX See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Risk Management See 24 endorsements for Risk Management 24 Risk Management Endorsed by 2 of Andrew’s colleagues at Moody's Investors Service Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 21 endorsements for Finance 21 Finance Endorsed by Thomas Brigandi and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Andrew’s colleagues at Moody's Investors Service Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 20 endorsements for Financial Analysis 20 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Thomas Brigandi and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Andrew’s colleagues at Moody's Investors Service Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Julia Y. Yang Senior Manager at Morgan Stanley May 20, 2010, Julia Y. managed Andrew directly I was Liaison of the chapter during Andrew's term of presidency. After one year of hard work, Andrew not only has significantly increased awareness of Ascend among the Queens College community, but has inspired others on the e-board as well. He always is passionate about what he’s doing, and many times goes above and beyond. As Queens College becomes one of our strongest school chapters in the Metro New York area, I nominated Andrew as our outstanding student leader of the year. Congrats to Andrew again on winning this Award! Kevin Lin Senior Financial Analyst at American Express May 3, 2010, Kevin and Andrew were students together Andrew wrote a paper about using DuPont analysis for our Intermediate Finance class, and I found his presentation well done and insightful. It was very thorough and the presentation gave great ideas for investing. Andrew has the wisdom of an experienced practitioner and the rare ability to communicate thoughtfully, and it shows in his presentation skills. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Andrew has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Interests Moody's Corporation 39,020 followers Merrill Lynch 393,794 followers Careers: The Next Level 2,916,203 followers Best Advice 6,720,406 followers GSP International 1,609 followers Barclays Investment Bank 251,918 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Thompson Marketing Technologist focused on customer success The Weather Company, an IBM Business University of Maine at Farmington Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A skilled, results driven sales professional with over 15 years of sales experience. Areas of expertise in Account Management, Territory Management, Channel Management, Technology Refresh and Solution Sales. Proven ability to work with C-Level, Marketing, MIS and purchasing to achieve the right solution in a timely manner. Track record for consistently exceeding multi-million dollar sales quotas with year over year growth.Specialties: Business Development, Account Management, Establishing/Servicing multi-million dollar account, Cold calling, Sales Analytics, Data Analytics, SaaS, Software sales, Territory Management, Marketing, Marketing Automation, WXM, CMS/WEM See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Michael’s Activity 2,613 followers Unofficial Sitecore Training - Data enrichment and personalization Michael shared this I'm hiring a Senior Software Engineer for our Aviation team in Andover, MA! Michael shared this Dawn of a new day in TN as I wake to start a new career with Tintri as always first thing is to get a workout in :). Some things will never change Michael replied to a comment HIRING! Are you not only good @Sitecore but great at #sitecore? We are looking for you. Join in CA, US, UK or Brazil. Ping me for me details. #nonlinear #toronto Michael liked I enjoyed speaking on a Social Media panel at B2B Online 2017 in Chicago! This was a big 3-day event with lots of great discussions around learnings and challenges in this constantly evolving space. #b2bonline #b2becommerce #social #digital Michael liked Anyone know a good Account Exec we should hire? Looking for someone who can prospect, believes in personalization, and wants to work in NH? Michael replied to a comment See all activity Experience Senior Account Manager, Media Sales Company Name The Weather Company, an IBM Business Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Greater Boston Area School Board Member Company Name Merrimack NH School District SAU26 Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Merrimack, NH School Board Member representing the community of Merrimack NH. Co-Founder Company Name bigfoodie Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location Manchester, NH An intuitive mobile application providing recommendations to foodies, it's a matter of taste.Currently seeking second round funding. Business Development Manager Company Name MRTSales Consulting Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Assisting small to medium size companies with analyzing sales data to assist with targeted marketing and account penetration. Also provide services to determine MDF allocation and allotment, Lead Generation, Sales Training and Vendor Management.Over 25% of MDF is never used by companies. There are many reasons why, the most common ones are due to companies not knowing the funds are available and confused by the process to get approval. With over 12 years of experience working with Vendors and Distribution I can assist with auditing your companies MDF and developing a lead generation program. Senior Account Manager - Northeast US Company Name Sitecore Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Manchester, NH Customer Enablement Manager and Marketing Technologist July 2013 to Present - Covering New England, New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Focus on advising Sitecore's customers on how to better utilize Sitecore for their Multi-channel marketing strategy. Regional Sales Manger April 2012 to June 2013Responsible for new business acquisition and account management for the Northeast territory that covers New England, New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Sitecore is a Web Engagement Platform that provides a 360 degree view of site visitors. I work closely with Sitecore's partners to drive business to them and uncover new opportunities that fit into their area of expertise. This is accomplished through lead/opportunity sharing from Sitecore's marketing activities, account mapping, co-branded marketing activities and referral business.FY2013 First Year Million Dollar Plus Winner (Regional Sales Manager)FY2014 First Year Impact Award Winner (Account Manager)FY2015 120%+ Achievement Club Award Winner (Account Manager)H1 FY2016 264% of quota (Account Manager)Q2 FY2016 Million Dollar Quarter Club (Account Manager)FY2016 192% of quota (Account Manager) Media (2) This position has 2 media Increased MDF through personalization | Mike Thompson | Sitecore Blog Increased MDF through personalization | Mike Thompson | Sitecore Blog This media is a link Responsive Design - Who/What to respond to? | Mike Thompson | Sitecore Blog Responsive Design - Who/What to respond to? | Mike Thompson | Sitecore Blog This media is a link See more positions Education University of Maine at Farmington Degree Name BA Field Of Study Geology/Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Director of Intramural Sports, VP of Student Senate Media (1) This position has 1 media Home Page - University of Maine Farmington Home Page - University of Maine Farmington This media is a link Kearsarge Regional High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Soccer Coah Company Name Merrimack Youth Assoc Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Sep 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements SaaS See 125 endorsements for SaaS 99+ SaaS Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Sitecore Endorsed by 6 people who know SaaS Click and drag to reorder skills Solution Selling See 115 endorsements for Solution Selling 99+ Solution Selling Endorsed by Gillian Smith and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Michael’s colleagues at Sitecore Click and drag to reorder skills Lead Generation See 76 endorsements for Lead Generation 76 Lead Generation Endorsed by Carson V. Heady and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at Sitecore Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (23) Given (19) Kathy Wolf Swanson Digital marketing addict since 1993, co-founder of eWatch, perpetual volunteer, lover of life. December 2, 2016, Kathy worked with Michael but at different companies I had the pleasure of working with Michael while he provided strategy and guidance for the Sitecore platform. Michael has a unique ability to seize business opportunities through foresight and customer focus with his knowledge of not only the technical aspects of problem-solving in the digital age but also the marketing and business transformation needs. He is intuitive, professional, and a pleasure to work with. I look forward to working with him again in the future and tapping into his great business acumen. David Risner CEO / Managing Director, BlueBolt, Inc. February 2, 2012, David worked with Michael but at different companies Mike is a solid representative for Bridgeline, and it is obvious he cares about the channel he oversees. Further, Mike has put immense effort into several areas that make things much more efficient: a partner portal and efficient internal programs to involve the partners, marketing plans to help partners understand the Bridgeline products and how to sell them, and much more. Lastly, one of the biggest assets Mike brings to both BlueBolt (my company, as a Bridgeline partner) and Bridgeline is his product knowledge. Understanding the product is crucial to understanding how the product can be sold, and how it might ultimately benefit the end user. Mike has superior communication skills, is very confident in his abilities, and is a creative problem solver.-David E. Risner, Partner, BlueBolt, LLC View 21 more recommendations View 21 more recommendations recommendations Miss Michelle Andreas Marketing Director August 24, 2011, Miss Michelle was senior to Michael but didn’t manage directly Michelle delivers results, plan and simple. She takes the time to understand a clients goals and objectives and presents a plan with measurable results. Working with Michelle on the CommVault line resulted in success for my clients, CommVault and myself. Michelle is a proven asset to the Avnet team and I look forward to the opportunity to work with her in the future. Chris Thompson Vice President of Business Development at wedu & Talient Action Group May 26, 2011, Michael worked with Chris in different groups As an established Account Executive at PC Connection Chris' training needed to be targeted in assisting tenured sales professional. Chris was able to develop training that allowed for growth to all ranges of the sales force. He understands his audience and their needs. To this day I still call on Chris for assistance and guidance that allows me to grow and assist with my clients ever changing needs. I highly recommend Chris to anyone looking to strengthen their sales team. View 17 more recommendations View 17 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Michael has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Sitecore DMS Fundamentals for Marketers Interests Bridge Partners Consulting 6,074 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,598,643 followers Interwoven 1,765 followers Fusion Productions 380 followers Tihuma Technology, LLC 11 followers Digital Marketing: Social Media, Search, Mobile & more 399,148 members See all See all following
More Actions Raj has a account Raj Arora Brokerage and Trading, Wealth Management BMO Financial Group The CFA Institute, USA Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A business analyst and CFA charter-holder with an entrepreneurial drive and experience across banking, Raj is uniquely positioned to make a lasting contribution in areas such as wealth management and capital markets. He may be reached at: Raj.Arora.CFA@gmail.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Raj’s Articles 825 followers Practical Guided Meditation - a free workshop Raj Arora on LinkedIn Publish dateSeptember 21, 2015 See all articles Experience Business Analyst Company Name BMO Financial Group Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Credit Risk and Compliance; Basel; Enterprise Risk; Data Warehouse Business Analyst Company Name IT Consulting Dates Employed 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs Location Toronto, Canada Area Assignments focussing on financial risk management; credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk; regulatory compliance such as Basel; Value at Risk; Monte Carlo simulation; derivatives; hedge effectiveness; hedge accounting; treasury risk management. Business Analyst Company Name Scotiabank Dates Employed 2015 – 2015 Employment Duration less than a year Location Toronto, Canada Area Technology solution delivery for the eFX platform Business Analyst Company Name MOH Dates Employed 2010 – 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Toronto, Canada Area Business analysis for the PMO and Finance related projects Business Analyst Company Name TD Wealth Management Dates Employed 2007 – 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Toronto Area, Canada Implementation of Odyssey WealthManager for TD Wealth Management See more positions Education The CFA Institute, USA Degree Name Chartered Financial Analyst Field Of Study Investments and Securities Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Canadian Securities Institute Degree Name Canadian Securities Course Field Of Study Investments and Securities Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2002 University of Missouri-Rolla Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Engineering Management Activities and Societies: Swimming, Badminton, Trekking, Canoeing, Camping - love outdoors Volunteer Experience Director, Board of Directors Company Name Arya Samaj Markham Dates volunteered Apr 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 2 mos Workshop Facilitator - Volunteer Company Name AWIC Community and Social Services Dates volunteered Feb 2014 – Oct 2015 Volunteer duration 1 yr 9 mos Cause Education Conducted introductory and advanced workshops for seniors and others to leverage personal computers and smart phones in today's world. CFA Coach Company Name Self-directed Volunteer Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Jun 2012 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 6 mos Cause Education Free or subsidized coaching for economically disadvantaged CFA Charter aspirants See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Systems Analysis See 3 endorsements for Business Systems Analysis 3 Business Systems Analysis Imran Khan, CFA and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Agile & Waterfall Methodologies See 2 endorsements for Agile & Waterfall Methodologies 2 Agile & Waterfall Methodologies Imran Khan, CFA and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 3 endorsements for Data Analysis 3 Data Analysis Imran Khan, CFA and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Raj has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations CFA Institute, USA IIT Alumni Canada Raj has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Charter Raj has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Lawrence Park Asset Management 193 followers Mackenzie Investments 11,348 followers ProViso Consulting 4,251 followers Manulife Bank of Canada 2,627 followers Velocity Trade Limited 71 followers Bridging the Gap - Business Analysts 24,075 members See all See all following
More Actions Janilson has a account Janilson Andrade Systems and Business Intelligence Analyst Ávila Soluções Udacity Ireland 312 312 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I’m a BI/DW professional with experience with tools such as QlikView, QlikSense and Pentaho. I’ve been working with Relational Databases for 8 years and in the last two years I’ve started my path to become a data science by learning technologies like Hadoop Suite (Hive, Spark, Drill, Pig, etc), MongoDB, HP Vertica. I’ve been studying statistics and machine learning concepts in order to get more accurate predictions about large datasets. I have worked as fullstack developer/freelancer using Scriptcase (php based RAD tool). I have written programs in languages such as PHP, Java, Python, C, Pascal, Fortran90, Maple and Matlab. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Janilson’s Articles & Activity 313 followers Criar unicórnios (cientistas de dados) é mais fácil que encontrá-los Janilson Andrade on LinkedIn See all articles JOB ALERT: Data Scientist at Nubank Janilson liked View my verified achievement on Acclaim. Janilson shared this View my verified achievement on Acclaim. Janilson shared this See all activity Experience DBA/BI Analyst Company Name Ávila Soluções Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Development of reports using Microsoft Stack (SSRS, SSIS, MSSQL, PowerBI). I was responsible to create complex queries, stored procedures and user defined functions. I was always in contact with the client and we both design the reports Systems Analyst - Business Intelligence Company Name Serttel Dates Employed May 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Recife e Região, Brasil Maintenance of the Business Intelligence software, creating new functionalities and management reports using Microsiga Protheus database.Creation and maintenance of the Buying/Financing Management softwareMigration of current BI software to Qlik Sense format.I'm responsable to create the dimensions, Qlik load scripts and Qlik administration.Meanwhile I continue to give support to current BI software, creating new report when it is needed, and managing its database. Also, I keep mainting the legacy systems, such as Buying and financial manager software Teacher - Academic Intership Company Name UFPE Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Recife e Região, Brasil I was teaching pratical classes of Data warehouse, ETL, OLAP and BI. The tools I used was Pentaho suite (Kettle, Workbench, Mondrian) Software Development Analyst Company Name Serttel Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Recife e Região, Brasil Maintenance of the Business Intelligence software, creating new functionalities and management reports using Microsiga Protheus database.Creation and maintenance of the Buying/Financing Management software. Systems Analyst Company Name Odebrecht Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Pernambuco Development of a web system for contract administration. This System gives a large number of functionalities and many management reports. Everything was done using Scriptcase as RAD (Rapid Application Development), Eclipse BIRT (Business Intelligence Report Tool) for reports and Oracle as main DBMS. This system is integrated with the ERP VetoRH, from Senior Sistemas Company See more positions Education Udacity Degree Name Nanodegree Field Of Study Data Analysis Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2017 We built this program with expert analysts and scientists at leading technology companies to ensure you master the exact skills necessary to build a career in data science.Learn to organize data, uncover patterns and insights, make predictions using machine learning, and clearly communicate critical findings. Universidade Federal de Pernambuco Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Faculdade Mauricio de Nassau Degree Name MBA in Project Management Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 See more education Skills Business Intelligence Business Intelligence Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server Microsoft SQL Server Click and drag to reorder skills SQL SQL Click and drag to reorder skills PHP PHP Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) José Arteiro Teixeira Cavalcanti Analista Pleno na Accenture do Brasil Ltda June 12, 2013, Janilson worked with José Arteiro in the same group Janilson foi um estudante esforçado e hoje é um excelente programador.Possui conhecimento técnico e prático em várias linguagens de programação e PSQL.Possui fluência em várias línguas, o tornando indispensável em um grupo de trabalho. José Arteiro Teixeira Cavalcanti Analista Pleno na Accenture do Brasil Ltda June 12, 2013, José Arteiro was senior to Janilson but didn’t manage directly Minha principal referência em Infraestrutura, linguagens web e Software Livre. Um dos melhores profissionais com quem trabalhei, dotado de uma grande capacidade de aprender ensinar novos conceitos. Companheiro e sempre disposto a ajudar a quem o pedisse ajuda.Excelente profissional e pessoa. Jose Berardo Software Engineer at Freelancer.com April 20, 2013, Janilson reported directly to Jose Berardo com certeza é um excelente profissional, poucas vezes nesses poucos anos que tenho de carreira encontrei pessoas tão competentes como ele.Foi um grande apoio para meu aprendizado e crescimento profissional, além de um exemplo a ser seguido por qualquer profissional, pela honestidade, simpatia e competência. Accomplishments Janilson has 19 courses 19 Expand courses section Courses Anaconda and Jupyter Notebooks (Udacity) DA 410 - Apache Drill Essentials (MapR University) DA 415 - Apache Drill Architecture (MapR University) DA 440 - Apache Hive Essentials (MapR University) DA 450 - Apache Pig Essentials (MapR University) DEV 301 - Developing Hadoop Applications (MapR University) DEV 350 - MapR Streams Essentials (MapR University) DEV 360 - Apache Spark Essentials (MapR University) ESS 100 - Introduction to Big Data (MapR University) ESS 101 - Apache Hadoop Essentials (MapR University) Janilson has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Science Foundations - Level 1 Data Science Foundations - Level 2 Data Science for Business - Level 1 Fluência Duolingo em Inglês: Avançado (estimativa) 1Z0-051 OCA Oracle Database 11g SQL Fundamentals I Janilson has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Espanhol Francês Inglês Português Janilson has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Sistema de gestão de Custos - Serttel BIS - Business Intelligence Serttel SIGA - Sistema Integrado de Gestão Contratual Janilson has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication COMPUTAÇÃO EM NUVEM: TECNOLOGIAS E IMPACTOS Interests Hortonworks 69,372 followers MapR Users 1,318 members Scriptcase Netmake 829 followers Hewlett Packard Enterprise 2,454,319 followers Fórum VAGAS.com - RH, carreiras e profissões 951,429 members Oracle University - Learn Oracle From Oracle 14,550 members See all See all following
More Actions Janilson has a account Janilson Andrade Systems and Business Intelligence Analyst Ávila Soluções Udacity Ireland 312 312 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I’m a BI/DW professional with experience with tools such as QlikView, QlikSense and Pentaho. I’ve been working with Relational Databases for 8 years and in the last two years I’ve started my path to become a data science by learning technologies like Hadoop Suite (Hive, Spark, Drill, Pig, etc), MongoDB, HP Vertica. I’ve been studying statistics and machine learning concepts in order to get more accurate predictions about large datasets. I have worked as fullstack developer/freelancer using Scriptcase (php based RAD tool). I have written programs in languages such as PHP, Java, Python, C, Pascal, Fortran90, Maple and Matlab. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Janilson’s Articles & Activity 313 followers Criar unicórnios (cientistas de dados) é mais fácil que encontrá-los Janilson Andrade on LinkedIn See all articles JOB ALERT: Data Scientist at Nubank Janilson liked View my verified achievement on Acclaim. Janilson shared this View my verified achievement on Acclaim. Janilson shared this See all activity Experience DBA/BI Analyst Company Name Ávila Soluções Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Development of reports using Microsoft Stack (SSRS, SSIS, MSSQL, PowerBI). I was responsible to create complex queries, stored procedures and user defined functions. I was always in contact with the client and we both design the reports Systems Analyst - Business Intelligence Company Name Serttel Dates Employed May 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Recife e Região, Brasil Maintenance of the Business Intelligence software, creating new functionalities and management reports using Microsiga Protheus database.Creation and maintenance of the Buying/Financing Management softwareMigration of current BI software to Qlik Sense format.I'm responsable to create the dimensions, Qlik load scripts and Qlik administration.Meanwhile I continue to give support to current BI software, creating new report when it is needed, and managing its database. Also, I keep mainting the legacy systems, such as Buying and financial manager software Teacher - Academic Intership Company Name UFPE Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Recife e Região, Brasil I was teaching pratical classes of Data warehouse, ETL, OLAP and BI. The tools I used was Pentaho suite (Kettle, Workbench, Mondrian) Software Development Analyst Company Name Serttel Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Recife e Região, Brasil Maintenance of the Business Intelligence software, creating new functionalities and management reports using Microsiga Protheus database.Creation and maintenance of the Buying/Financing Management software. Systems Analyst Company Name Odebrecht Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Pernambuco Development of a web system for contract administration. This System gives a large number of functionalities and many management reports. Everything was done using Scriptcase as RAD (Rapid Application Development), Eclipse BIRT (Business Intelligence Report Tool) for reports and Oracle as main DBMS. This system is integrated with the ERP VetoRH, from Senior Sistemas Company See more positions Education Udacity Degree Name Nanodegree Field Of Study Data Analysis Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2017 We built this program with expert analysts and scientists at leading technology companies to ensure you master the exact skills necessary to build a career in data science.Learn to organize data, uncover patterns and insights, make predictions using machine learning, and clearly communicate critical findings. Universidade Federal de Pernambuco Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Faculdade Mauricio de Nassau Degree Name MBA in Project Management Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 See more education Skills Business Intelligence Business Intelligence Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server Microsoft SQL Server Click and drag to reorder skills SQL SQL Click and drag to reorder skills PHP PHP Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) José Arteiro Teixeira Cavalcanti Analista Pleno na Accenture do Brasil Ltda June 12, 2013, Janilson worked with José Arteiro in the same group Janilson foi um estudante esforçado e hoje é um excelente programador.Possui conhecimento técnico e prático em várias linguagens de programação e PSQL.Possui fluência em várias línguas, o tornando indispensável em um grupo de trabalho. José Arteiro Teixeira Cavalcanti Analista Pleno na Accenture do Brasil Ltda June 12, 2013, José Arteiro was senior to Janilson but didn’t manage directly Minha principal referência em Infraestrutura, linguagens web e Software Livre. Um dos melhores profissionais com quem trabalhei, dotado de uma grande capacidade de aprender ensinar novos conceitos. Companheiro e sempre disposto a ajudar a quem o pedisse ajuda.Excelente profissional e pessoa. Jose Berardo Software Engineer at Freelancer.com April 20, 2013, Janilson reported directly to Jose Berardo com certeza é um excelente profissional, poucas vezes nesses poucos anos que tenho de carreira encontrei pessoas tão competentes como ele.Foi um grande apoio para meu aprendizado e crescimento profissional, além de um exemplo a ser seguido por qualquer profissional, pela honestidade, simpatia e competência. Accomplishments Janilson has 19 courses 19 Expand courses section Courses Anaconda and Jupyter Notebooks (Udacity) DA 410 - Apache Drill Essentials (MapR University) DA 415 - Apache Drill Architecture (MapR University) DA 440 - Apache Hive Essentials (MapR University) DA 450 - Apache Pig Essentials (MapR University) DEV 301 - Developing Hadoop Applications (MapR University) DEV 350 - MapR Streams Essentials (MapR University) DEV 360 - Apache Spark Essentials (MapR University) ESS 100 - Introduction to Big Data (MapR University) ESS 101 - Apache Hadoop Essentials (MapR University) Janilson has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Science Foundations - Level 1 Data Science Foundations - Level 2 Data Science for Business - Level 1 Fluência Duolingo em Inglês: Avançado (estimativa) 1Z0-051 OCA Oracle Database 11g SQL Fundamentals I Janilson has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Espanhol Francês Inglês Português Janilson has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Sistema de gestão de Custos - Serttel BIS - Business Intelligence Serttel SIGA - Sistema Integrado de Gestão Contratual Janilson has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication COMPUTAÇÃO EM NUVEM: TECNOLOGIAS E IMPACTOS Interests Universidade Católica de Pernambuco 16,481 followers MapR Technologies 21,494 followers Cloud Computing 463,107 members Universidade Federal de Pernambuco 49,521 followers Oracle SQL e PL/SQL Brasil 3,533 members Brasil BI Networking 7,371 members See all See all following
More Actions Vishal has a account Vishal Sethia Data Analyst at DrFirst Inc. DrFirst, Inc. The University of Texas at Dallas Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent ★ Professional experience of over 4 years as a Data analyst & Developer with profound domain knowledge in Healthcare Industry. ★ Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Vishal’s Articles 688 followers Who will win the U.S. Presidential Election 2016? Vishal Sethia on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 3, 2015 See all articles Experience Data Analyst Company Name DrFirst, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area ►ePA (Electronic Prior Authorization) & RTBC (Real Time Benefit Check)• Accountable for maintaining data quality & flow with Payers as per NCPDP Script Standard • Created reports on response time between prescriber & payer and an archival policy for ePA tasks• Generated report to calculate savings from prescription change due to Real Time Benefit Check• Debugged ePA form (JSON format) saved in database in case of production issues►Clinical Decision Support - Program Roll-Outs (Clinical Messages, Coupons, Adherence Letters etc.)• Responsible for creating SQL scripts for rolling out the programs in production• Designed dashboards in Tableau to report on the performance metrics of the programs• Created ad-hoc reports from SQL database to meet the client requirements►Other Highlights• Extracted and analyzed user interaction click stream data from Mongo DB into Tableau• Provided insights to improve the UI for better user friendly experience & remove unused features• Improved Medical Adherence algorithm on the basis of prescription history and drug fill data• Worked closely with development team to design database in compliant with reporting requirements• Responsible for handing over the requirements to EDW & performing the data quality check►Tools - Oracle 11g(PL/SQL), MongoDB(NoSQL), OBIEE, Tableau, JIRA, Confluence Data Science Intern Company Name Sutter Health Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Sacramento, California Area * Worked on Risk Scoring of Readmissions using the claims data* Exploratory research on Asthma use-case* Visualised characteristics of Parkinson affected patients using Micro Strategy * Technologies Used – R, SAP HANA, MS SQL 2012* Algorithms Used – Logistic Regression, Decision trees, Association Rule Mining, Clustering Systems Engineer Company Name Tata Consultancy Services Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Mumbai,India • Awarded with “ILP Kudos” for high performance in training• Adroit in web-development with extensive knowledge in framework designing and web-services in Java(J2EE)• Achieved profound knowledge of MS-SQL by developing scripts, procedure and triggers for database utilities• Client-Side Point of Contact, team lead for 2 projects and assisted in 3 more projects Education The University of Texas at Dallas Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Business Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Big Data Club, Business Intelligence Analytics Club, Student Leadership Programs, Office of Student Volunteerism Student Ambassador For Business Analytics Program Healthcare Track Rajasthan Technical University - Engineering College Bikaner Degree Name Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Sakhshama - Tech Event of the College Volunteer Experience Active Volunteer Company Name Office of Student Volunteerism at UT Dallas Dates volunteered Oct 2014 – Dec 2015 Volunteer duration 1 yr 3 mos Cause Social Services The Office of Student Volunteerism (OSV) provides UT Dallas students a variety of service opportunities that fit many interests, passions, skills and schedules. Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 22 endorsements for SQL 22 SQL Endorsed by Rahul Ravesh and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Vishal’s colleagues at Tata Consultancy Services Click and drag to reorder skills PL/SQL See 11 endorsements for PL/SQL 11 PL/SQL Endorsed by 2 of Vishal’s colleagues at Tata Consultancy Services Click and drag to reorder skills Oracle 11g Oracle 11g No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Vishal has 11 courses 11 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Business Intelligence Applied Econometrics Business Data Warehousing Business Intelligence Software and Techniques Data Visualization Healthcare Analytics Marketing Management Predictive Marketing Analytics Using SAS Prescriptive Analytics Quantitative Introduction to Risk and Uncertainty in Business Vishal has 8 projects 8 Expand projects section Projects Google Online Marketing Challenge 2015 USA 2016 Presidential Election Prediction Using Tableau & R Risk Scoring of Readmissions for ACO patients Credit Scoring Model to Find the Probability of Default - using R Predictive Model Building for Scanner Data using SAS 9.4 – ConAgra Foods Inc. Sponsored Project Music Analytics - Prediction using SAS 9.4 Prediction Analysis using R for a Kaggle Competition CRM - Email Campaign and Direct Marketing Calling Vishal has 7 honors 7 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Scholar of Distinction Student Ambassador Winner(2nd Position) in ConAgra Customer Analytics Competition ILP Kudos 1st Position in B.tech II Semester Seth Jaggannath Bajaj Award For "ALL ROUNDER" of the School Acadmeic In Excellence Award Vishal has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Introduction to R (edX 2.3) SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9 SAS Institute-UT Dallas Graduate Certificate in Business Intelligence and Data Mining Google Analytics Individual Qualification Certification Google Adwords Certification Vishal has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Rajasthani Vishal has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Office of Student Volunteer Vishal has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score SAS® Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9 Interests School of Management (2298636) 301 members Deloitte 2,174,033 followers Analytics | Big Data | Business Intelligence | Data Science | Data Analysis | Data Visualization 12,869 members Job Openings for OPT/CPT Students - North America 78,422 members Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,357,361 followers Big Data 5,065,263 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ana Paula has a account Ana Paula Rebelo PI & Data Analyst at Praxair Cancer Center, Danbury Hospital Western Connecticut Health Network Naugatuck Valley Community College Greater New York City Area 56 56 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent * Manage data collection assuring data quality, full evaluation and tracking that allows query of information, including development of data bases * Trained patient navigator with experience in navigation in colorectal and breast cancer* Multilingual skills with 20yrs experience in translating medical terminology in a hospital setting* Successful performance in CRC program exceeding in all performance measures* Excellent organizational skills including development of tracking systems in excel See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience PI & Data Analyst at Praxair Cancer Center Company Name Western Connecticut Health Network Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location 24 Hospital Ave, Danbury CT • Coordinate data initiatives required for Cancer Center accreditations, including outcome studies and performance indicators.• Manages data collection assuring data quality, full evaluation and tracking that allows query of information, including development of data bases.• Provide project/system coordination for implementation of oncology EHR.• Coordinate weekly Breast Tumor Board – agenda, data sheets, presentations, and recommendations. Patient Navigator Company Name Danbury Hospital - Praxair Cancer Center Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos * Certified Patient Nagivator* Liaison with GI office assuring coordination of scheduling CRC patients and to ensure that patients understand the information provided at the visit. Advocate for patients with concerns or questions.* Provide education to patients regarding procedure and prep by utilizing my multilingual skills to ensure 100% compliance with program standards.* Assist patients with scheduling the colonoscopy.* Work collaboratively with case manager to assure compliance with program standards and budget. Breast Care Coordinator Company Name Western Connecticut Health Network Dates Employed 2002 – 2012 Employment Duration 10 yrs • Coordinate services for patients going for diagnostic imaging, surgical consults, and biopsies. Education Naugatuck Valley Community College Degree Name Associate’s Degree Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: PTK Volunteer Experience Interpreter Company Name AmeriCares Dates volunteered Jun 2014 – Jun 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Health Special Events Company Name Portuguese Cultural Center Dates volunteered Aug 2014 – Aug 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Coordinated all events at the Center. Arranged sit-down dinners from 100 - 600 people. Featured Skills & Endorsements EHR See 4 endorsements for EHR 4 EHR Vijay Patil and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hospitals See 4 endorsements for Hospitals 4 Hospitals Mary Beth McGrath and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Healthcare See 3 endorsements for Healthcare 3 Healthcare Mary Beth McGrath and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ana Paula has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Lean Six Signa - White Belt Patiention Navigator Health Care Industry Certification Coding Certification Ana Paula has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Spanish Ana Paula has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Immaculate Heart of Mary Parish Portuguese Cultural Center Interests Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,182,263 followers Western Connecticut State University 23,209 followers Pulse 1,535,232 followers Healthcare Data Mining and Modeling 6,809 members Naugatuck Valley Community College 7,796 followers Mary Pat WhaleyMary Pat Whaley is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Operating Officer at Chapel Hill Doctors and Physician Advocate 335,037 followers See all See all following
More Actions Melinda (Mindy) has a account Melinda (Mindy) Morse Sr. Sap master data analyst/Controller at Blue Buffalo Co Blue Buffalo Co Greater New York City Area 229 229 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Sr. Sap master data analyst/Controller Company Name Blue Buffalo Co Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Wilton, CT Master Data Administrator- Information Technology Dept Company Name Sabra Dipping Company, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location White Plains, NY Master Data Analyst Supply Chain Company Name Cadbury Schweppes Americas Beverages Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Master Data Analyst Supply Chain Company Name Dr Pepper Snapple Group Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Pricing Coordinator Company Name Georgia Pacific Dates Employed Nov 2002 – Nov 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo See more positions Featured Skills & Endorsements Supply Chain See 23 endorsements for Supply Chain 23 Supply Chain Endorsed by 2 of Melinda (Mindy)’s colleagues at Cadbury plc. Click and drag to reorder skills Pricing See 13 endorsements for Pricing 13 Pricing Pat Bobwich and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAP See 9 endorsements for SAP 9 SAP Pat Bobwich and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Coca-Cola Company 1,264,300 followers Blue Buffalo Co 8,720 followers Conair Corporation 10,020 followers Pfizer 1,506,214 followers Sun Products Corporation 11,001 followers Pulse 1,535,232 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alicia has a account Alicia Mulvihill Data Driven Relationship Marketing Expert Gravity Greater New York City Area 247 247 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data driven relationship marketer with a proven history of using quantitative analysis to drive successful marketing strategy and operations. Passionate about creating brand experiences that delight consumers, drive loyalty and increase revenue.Specialties: Web AnalyticsData VisualizationClient and vendor managementDirect MarketingSocial MediaFreelance writing/editorial contentCall center consulting and managementTraining and presentationEvent production and coordination See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Alicia’s Activity 247 followers Gartner and Jay Wilson about doing business for a better world. Great speech and great insights. "85% of Millenials correlate buying decisions and willingness to recommend a brand to a social impact" Also several data points correlating doing good with profitability and stock prices. Patagonia, SEPHORA, Climeon, Unilever, Whirlpool Corporation, Virgin Voyages, Viking Line, Tata Group, SSAB, Gartner, Google, TerraGen Energy Solution Limited, Vestas, SolarCity Alicia liked IDT Express. Voice Termination. On Your Terms. Alicia shared this See all activity Experience Analytics Manager Company Name Gravity Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location New York, NY Vice President of Operations Company Name Chow Gofer Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Fort Lee, NJ Hired to assist with all facets of creating, launching and running a new business venture. Helped to establish and define the brand, business strategy and operational protocols. Developed online, print and PR content. Managed vendor and partner relationships, hired and trained staff, handled accounting (payable and receivable). Senior Data Analyst Company Name Wunderman Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location New York, NY Successfully developed and implemented transformative client initiatives in the areas of multivariate testing and optimization, KPI development, data collection and management, lead management and marketing operations. Was instrumental in strategy development, audience selection and campaign management across channels for multiple clients. Account Supervisor Company Name Wunderman Dates Employed Sep 2003 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos Location New York, NY Analyzed historical data to inform effective and efficient brand ideas and market strategies. Responsible for integrating the planning and implementation of marketing initiatives across channels including print, DM, TV, call center, and interactive elements resulting in improved ROI for multiple clients. Executed acquisition and retention programs at the call center level. Event Editor & Contributing Photographer Company Name Going.com Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Boston, MA Selected NY nightlife events to feature, wrote accompanying editorial content and published live to website. Established and maintained relationships with venue owners/managers, promoters and event producers. Was instrumental in planning and executing several grass roots marketing efforts that expanded the website's audience exponentially. See more positions Featured Skills & Endorsements Direct Marketing See 8 endorsements for Direct Marketing 8 Direct Marketing Endorsed by Jatinder Singh, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Alicia’s colleagues at Wunderman Click and drag to reorder skills Marketing Strategy See 4 endorsements for Marketing Strategy 4 Marketing Strategy Endorsed by Jatinder Singh, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alicia’s colleagues at Wunderman Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media Marketing See 3 endorsements for Social Media Marketing 3 Social Media Marketing Endorsed by 2 of Alicia’s colleagues at Wunderman Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (4) Tracy Jo Smith Director of Corporate & Marketing Communications at Wellmark Blue Cross and Blue Shield June 30, 2008, Tracy Jo worked with Alicia but at different companies I was Alicia's client while I was at Pella. She was the lead on our account team handling Pella's inbound marketing call center. Alicia was always well-informed about what was going on in the call center; I could always count on her to keep things running smoothly. And, if there were any issues, she was already prepared with a plan of action. Alicia is a highly-skilled professional marketer and a lot of fun to work with! Thanks Alicia!! Denise Wilmer Barreto Relationship Revolutionist - Changing the World, One Relationship at a Time - TEDx Presenter and Author March 17, 2008, Denise was a client of Alicia’s Alicia is some one I'd work with again and again. She is a results oriented marketing professional who constantly strides for more. She is very talented at finding solutions for her clients while keeping budget and timing at the forefront. Alicia manages expectations well and often over delivers on what she promises. She is a quick study and would be an asset to any team she chooses to join. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Tracy Jo Smith Director of Corporate & Marketing Communications at Wellmark Blue Cross and Blue Shield June 24, 2008, Tracy Jo was a client of Alicia’s Tracy has the unique ability to interact with folks at all levels of an organization to get the job at hand done. As a client, she was truly a partner, a champion and a willing participant in all stages of the projects we worked on together. I am proud to consider her a roll model, and would look forward to any opportunity to work with her in the future. Denise Wilmer Barreto Relationship Revolutionist - Changing the World, One Relationship at a Time - TEDx Presenter and Author June 24, 2008, Denise was a client of Alicia’s Denise has the ability to be both driven and impactful while still maintaining a focus on relationships and people. She is a gifted leader, as well as a valued team player. She consistently delivers fresh ideas and perspectives and can execute on those ideas to realize true business value. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Driven Brands, Inc. 2,596 followers Pulse 1,535,232 followers Wunderman 104,001 followers Worldwide Contact Center Professionals - Execs In The Know 51,788 members
More Actions Line has a account Line Van Hemel Senior Data Analyst at RM plc RM plc KU Leuven United Kingdom 355 355 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name RM plc Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location London, United Kingdom Senior Data Analyst Company Name Virgin Media Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location London, United Kingdom Data Analyst Company Name Starcom MediaVest Group Dates Employed Apr 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location London, United Kingdom Project Manager Company Name VDAB Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Research Associate Company Name HIVA-K.U.Leuven Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs See more positions Education KU Leuven Degree Name Master Field Of Study Sociology - Social Policy Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Lessius Hogeschool Antwerpen Degree Name bachelor Field Of Study Applied Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 17 endorsements for Data Analysis 17 Data Analysis Andy Frame and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 11 endorsements for SAS 11 SAS Sophie Bewick and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 11 endorsements for Statistics 11 Statistics Andy Frame and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Line has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications IPA Foundation Certificate Certificate of Academic Writing in the Humanities and Social Sciences for doctoral students Certificate of Databases Google Adwords: Advertising Fundamentals Line has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Dutch English French Interests RM plc 8,283 followers KU Leuven 162,681 followers Lessius Hogeschool 9,909 followers The GinGents 15 followers Virgin Media 110,194 followers KU Leuven 152,655 followers See all See all following
More Actions Shi Hui has a account Shi Hui Lim Senior Data Analyst at StarHub Ltd StarHub Nanyang Technological University Singapore 156 156 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A statistician by training, but a data scientist and programmer by experience. Hands-on experience in machine learning and statistics to harness value from structured and unstructured big data.Specialties: social network analytics, machine learning, telco data analytics and big data analytics. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Analyst Company Name StarHub Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos - Demonstrated ability to leverage on big data technologies to deliver business insights from telco data (e.g., CDR, CRM, geospatial data).- Key data scientist and developer for flagship geo-location product that includes insights on commuters' movement flows and mode of travel.- Developed time series forecasting models and text analytics models for internal stakeholders to understand revenue KPIs and consumer behaviour.- Led collaborations with IHLs to conduct applied research in social media analytics and telco analytics.Technologies used: Python, R, Apache Spark, Java, Elasticsearch, Apache Pig, QGIS and Tableau Member of Technical Staff Company Name DSO National Laboratories Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos - Implemented machine learning and statistical learning models in multidisciplinary projects.- Deployed analytical models in an interactive visual analytics prototype.- Adapted and implemented behaviour mining algorithms and event detection algorithm to handle streaming data and provide real-time analysis.- Seconded to Government Agency to customize and develop social networkanalysis toolkits for fraud detection.- Hands-on experience in social network analysis, hashing techniques for big data, supervised and unsupervised learning, association rule mining, sequence mining, time series analysis, event detection and anomaly detection.Technologies used: Java, C++, Hadoop MapReduce, Elasticsearch, R, MATLAB, SQL, MongoDB and Redis Research Intern Company Name DSTA Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos - Awarded Certificate of Achievement (Excellence)- Performed data analysis and simulation to achieve solution for optimal resource allocationTechnologies used: C# and R Education Nanyang Technological University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Statistics Grade Second Upper Honours (Dean's List in AY09/10) Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Programmer at Faculty Freshmen Orientation Camp Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 4 endorsements for Machine Learning 4 Machine Learning Endorsed by 3 of Shi Hui’s colleagues at StarHub Click and drag to reorder skills Apache Spark See 2 endorsements for Apache Spark 2 Apache Spark Endorsed by 2 of Shi Hui’s colleagues at StarHub Click and drag to reorder skills R See 5 endorsements for R 5 R Endorsed by Han Wei NEO, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Shi Hui’s colleagues at StarHub Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Shi Hui has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Game Theory Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Part 1 Machine Learning Shi Hui has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Group Performance Award Special Recognition Award Shi Hui has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese (Simplified) English Shi Hui has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Machine Learning & Data Science Using Apache Spark Shi Hui has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project CapitaLand Data Challenge Interests StarHub 33,757 followers Nanyang Technological University 131,489 followers Nanyang Technological University 149,442 followers SGX 25,096 followers DSO National Laboratories 2,192 followers CapitaLand 26,803 followers See all See all following
More Actions mohammad has a account mohammad najmi Sr. BI/ETL Analytics Technical Lead at City of Chicago City of Chicago HortonWorks University Hamilton, Ontario, Canada 327 327 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Innovative leader in designing and developing end to end solutions to wide range of business disciplines. BigData implementation engineer, architect and administer of Hadoop clusters. Expert in data integration, data modeling (LDM, PDM), MDM, data transformation management and process optimization. Proficient in n-tier application (CDH4, Splunk, Informatica, Peoplesoft, JDA, TMS, ESB) implementation, deployment and support. Professional solution provider who successfully transforms business requirements into technical architecture. Effective mentor with consistent achievement in team collaboration, quality improvement and productivity.Expertise:BigData architect, admin/developmentProcess optimization and automationData Modeling (LDM, PDM)Database administration and support (Oracle, SqlServer, MySql)Service Oriented Architecture (ESB)Data Warehouse design, implementation and support (Informatica, OWB, SSIS)Software development methodologies (Agile scrum, SDLC)Application performance managementService virtualization (Vm) and Cloud based services (AWS)Project management, tracking, identifying risk factors, risk mitigation.Software sizing and estimation techniqueEnterprise Architecture MethodologiesBusiness process engineeringTeam development and motivationVendor management, communication and facilitation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. BI/ETL Analytics Technical Lead Company Name City of Chicago Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Working on Enhanced Operational on demand Reporting Dashboard infrastructure, Collaborated with Stakeholders acquiring business needs, identifying the data sources, documenting and mapping the data elements incorporating anticipated data cleansing tasks. The SSIS/SSAS BI platform of choice by client. Collaborated with client resources on Design and Implementation of the Project. Weekly Scrum meetings was held to track project progress, incorporate logged issues, changes to current requirements and embed any new ones to the project plan. Revise Story boards, activity logs, and task lists. As part of data extraction, incorporated SAP Data Extraction interface (CData) into SSIS packages, Generating RSD files and Using SAP transactions (se11,se16,ABAP) to identify proper domain, data elements as potential data sources. Designed and developed related Dimension and Fact Tables to meet the related business requirements. Utilized SSAS to device proper cubes and related attribute hierarchies to fulfill dashboard specific requirements. Implemented calculated columns, set names to facilitate business use of dashboard on slice and dice of the data. Versifit was the client choice of presentation/dashboard layer. Sr. BI/ETL Cognos Technical Team Lead Company Name Vanguard Technologies, Ministry of Ontario Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area  Analyze the source data and devise SCD1 and SCD2 to address the attribute change tracking. Work with BAs to devise use-cases, analyze and design objects, modules to handle specifics of the requirements. Baselined ETL/BI/Cognos components in RTC, Document the environments outlining the object dependencies and transformation using DM. Design FM physical and logical packages to be loaded into Cognos content store utilized by reporting studio. Design and Develop scripts and modules implementing business use cases using KSH/PLSQL/Perl. Utilize MS TFS PM Tool to manage activities using SCRUM methodology (sprint, backlogs). Collaborate with application and BI team to map the transformation of data objects from application through ETL DM transformation into Cognos FM packages to Report Studio active reports. Design and develop deployment strategies and scripts for promoting enhancement into production sites utilizing oracle VPD, RLS, AWR, DBMS_REFRESH. Coordinated and documented the deployment plans, coordinating activities with QA and Production team using TFS and QC for tracking issues. Conducting weekly meeting with team members on pending work items and task for designated sprints. BigData Analyst/Architect Company Name Vanguard Technologies, Analyse unstructured service logs Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Hamilton, Ontario Analysis and assessment of BigData Analytic applications and tools for processing large volume of data from variety of sources. Evaluating feature extraction, data processing and providing required data to presentation layer (Tableau). Utilized Syncsort IronCluster DMHx on AWS and evaluated the provided UCAs to process structured/unstructured data sets providing the data to reporting tools. Utilized Splunk services to pull in system level logs or transaction data into search index storage servers, create tags and events, used to compose queries to extract desired fields from data lake. Managed to detect any operational abnormalities within the environment. Utilized Hadoop Kafka as MQ service provider with prescribed set of publishers and consumers.Utilized Tableau to further analyze (Dimension and measures) data sets for customized reporting and presentation tool.Utilized Python, Bash and Perl as scripting tools. Sr. Integration Engineer, BigData/Hadoop Architect/Admin Company Name Vanguard Technologies Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Toronto Ontario Analyze and model unstructured/structured data from multiple sources (flat files, Databases, internal feeds.Implemented Hadoop ecosystem cluster over multiple nodes(~30) to process data volume of 2 to 3TB. Designed and developed MapReduce Java/Python/Pig Latin scripts to process data sets. Designed and developed Python and sqoop scripts to extract data from databases (Oracle, MySql). Utilized Hive DW and Pig scripts with Pig UDFs to load and process data sets. Utilized Cloudera Manager CDH4 for provisioning and administering of the Hadoop cluster.Utilized HBase module to organize data into nosql style structure to store data and do subsequent data evaluation and analysis. Analyzed and implemented streaming of data into Hadoop using Flume for close to real time data analysis. Utilized Tableau for data anlysis, reporting and presentation tool. Sr. Data Integrator, Sr. DBA, Sr. BI/DW Dev, Sr. JDA SCM, Performance Tuning Company Name Loblaw Companies Limited Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Mississauga, Ontario Collaborate with business groups and management team on project requirements, planning and implementation. Supporting and implementing application, database and storage high availability and fault tolerance. Automating and monitoring environments for JDA, Weblogic and Oracle database production servers. Working with Audit team to implement related business processes governing suspicious activities. Working with vendors on supporting the services, gathering issue logs and applying supplied patches and upgrades. Working with engineering team on plans for implementing Oracle RAC, Oracle DataGuard and GoldenGate Replication. Working with JDA team on installation and administration of JDA Demand and Fullfilement and TMS products. Scripting the recurring operations using Ksh, Perl and Python. Implementing Oracle Exadata X2 and migrating JDA database. Providing LDM/PDM of the application data elements using PowerDesigner. Supporting SqlServer databases and implementing dual cluster and mirroring services. Utilizing SSIS/SSAS as ETL and analysis tool. Working with Informatica and Cognose for ETL/DW operations and reporting. Using MS Project to plan and track projects progress and provide status update to upper management. Methodologies used for implementing projects were SDLC and Agile scrum. Provided technical documentations, training and mentoring of business units. Initiated and implemented Hadoop v1 for managing historical POS transactional data with order processing data to reduce processing time for JDA order optimization module. See more positions Education HortonWorks University Degree Name YARN Developer Certification Field Of Study Hadoop Grade NA Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Hortonworks University online two course. This course outlines working of YARN as Hadoop 2.0 resource manager and components involved and their inter-dependencies. It explains related java classes to be used for custom application manager component, how to negotiate required resources from RM and interface with NM to acquire them. Stanford University Degree Name Online course on Machine Learning (Linear Regrassion, Neural Networks) Field Of Study Machine Learning Grade in-progress Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 This an online learning course for analytic of datasets using machine learning algorithms such as linear regression, logistic regression, and neural networks. It helps with feature extraction, applying training set to obtain best fit algorithm with related parameters. McMaster University Degree Name Master of Engineering (MEng) Field Of Study Mechatronics, Robotics, and Automation Engineering See more education Skills Project Management Project Management Click and drag to reorder skills Process Engineering Process Engineering Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data Big Data Click and drag to reorder skills Oracle Enterprise Manager Oracle Enterprise Manager Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jamie Saeed ICS Sr. Project Director March 18, 2015, mohammad worked with Jamie in the same group Dedicated and hard working technical specialist, very detailed oriented and someone you can rely on. Very knowledgeable in the domains he works in and would be an asset to any team. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests City of Chicago 13,841 followers Rexall Pharmacy Group Ltd. 32,746 followers Social Media 16,343,525 followers TCO Management Consulting 921 followers Xerox 683,887 followers Hunter WalkHunter Walk is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at Homebrew VC (fmr YouTube, Google, Second Life product lead) 810,898 followers See all See all following
More Actions Darren has a account Darren Paul Certified Guidewire Integration Specialist (Contractor) Grinnell Mutual CDI Technical College Winnipeg, Canada Area 293 293 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent IT Professional (Independent Contractor) with over 20 years of experience in Application Development, Systems Analysis, Design and Architecture in multiple technologies (J2EE, Java, .NET, Oracle, SQL Server, Messaging, Web Services). Currently hold a US TN Visa.Guidewire Certified (Integration and Functional)Last 7 years spent in a Guidewire Integration\Configuration Specialist role participating in several successful implementations including:ClaimCenter Implementation for Wawanesa InsuranceClaimCenter Major Upgrade (V6 to V8) for Wawanesa InsuranceInsurance Suite Implementation for Wawanesa's US OperationsInsurance Suite Implementation for Red River Mutual InsuranceResponsibilities have included:Systems AnalysisInception planning and estimatesIntegration architecture, design and development using web services, messaging, database and file based technologiesFunctional configuration for ClaimCenter and PolicycenterProduction support, planning, readiness and enhancementsWorking with offshore resourcesUpgrade assessments, estimating and executionCode review, build automation, code analysis(CodeNarc), Guidewire health check reviewsTraining and mentoring staff See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Contractor- Senior Guidewire Integration Specialist Company Name Grinnell Mutual Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Des Moines, Iowa Area Grinnell Mutual selected the Guidewire Insurance Suite V9 for Claims, Policy and Billing Solutions. They have also selected Guidewire Data and Analytics products, DataHub, InfoCenter and Portal Products.As part of the Cynosure Guidewire Team, my role and responsibilities include:Systems Analysis, Design and Data mappingIntegrate and configure the Guidewire Insurance Suite solutionCode review and mentoring Contractor- Senior Guidewire Integration Specialist Company Name Red River Mutual Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Winnipeg, Canada Area Red River Mutual selected the Guidewire Insurance Suite V8 for Claims, Policy and Billing Solutions. They have also selected Guidewire Data and Analytics products, DataHub & InfoCenter.The Solution is hosted and accessed through a private cloud.My role and responsibilities include:Systems Analysis, Design and Data mapping,ArchitectureIntegrate and configure the Guidewire Insurance Suite solutionIntegrate PolicyCenter with Commercial and Residential Broker Management Systems for upload and download following Csio\Acord standardsCode and design reviewWork with Offshore TeamCross-train internal technical staff on GuidewireSupport and develop Transition to Production Plan Contractor - Guidewire Integration and Configuration Specialist Company Name Wawanesa Insurance Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location Winnipeg, Canada Area Sub-Contracting through Resolute Technology Solutions, I provided the following services to Wawanesa:May 2013 - April 2015: Senior Developer\AnalystNew Guidewire PolicyCenter\BillingCenter Implementation for Wawanesa's US operations in San Diego and Oregan, responsibilities included:Deployment and build automation, production planning, environment support and stabilization activities for Go-Live, Systems Analysis and DesignSupport and mentor deployment teamImplement and support the Guidewire Insurance Suite solutionVirtual environment setup for testing and analysis activitiesOctober 2013 - Aug 2014: Lead Integration Developer\Analyst Guidewire ClaimCenter Version 8 Upgrade for Canada and US operations, responsibilities included:Systems Analysis Inception and sprint planningIntegration plugin re-implementation, performance tuning, support, environment configuration and deployment planningMay 2012 - April 2013: Senior Developer\Analyst Guidewire ClaimCenter Support Team for Canada and US operations, responsibilities included:Systems Analysis and DesignClaimCenter archive implementation (integration, configuration and implementation planning)ClaimCenter upgradesSupport and stabilizationSupport and mentor ClaimCenter support teamNovember 2009 - April 2012: Senior Developer\AnalystNew Guidewire ClaimCenter Implementation for Canada and US operations, responsibilities included:ClaimCenter integration and configuration using Guidewire Studio (Gosu\Java)Systems Analysis and DesignSystem\Legacy integration using Enterprise Service Bus (Progress Sonic)WebSphere application configuration, deployments and build automationPerformance tuning and analysisClaims Data Conversion - deployment planning, create Gosu data scripts and execution Contractor - Senior Application Developer\​System Analyst Company Name Resolute Technology Solutions Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Provided consulting services for Resolute's Application Managed Service offering, including:Systems AnalysisApplication Support, Development & IntegrationApplication Architecture AssessmentSQL Server Database Configuration & Administration Contractor- Senior Application Developer\Systems Analyst Company Name Wawanesa Insurance Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Sub-Contracting through Resolute Technology Solutions, I provided the following services to Wawanesa:Systems Analysis and DesignDeveloped and Designed Web Service for an Auto Insurance Quoting System in QuebecDeveloped Property and Auto Insurance re-quote process for Wawanesa's Quebec Policy system See more positions Education CDI Technical College Degree Name Computer Programmer Analyst Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 CGA Association of Manitoba Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 Red River College Degree Name Business Administration Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 See more education Volunteer Experience IT Consulting Company Name Manitoba Foster Family Network Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 5 mos Cause Children Provide services to support an internal Web application (PHP, HTML) with MySQL database back end. Featured Skills & Endorsements Guidewire Guidewire No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Agile Methodologies See 18 endorsements for Agile Methodologies 18 Agile Methodologies Endorsed by 7 of Darren’s colleagues at Wawanesa Insurance Click and drag to reorder skills Integration See 17 endorsements for Integration 17 Integration Endorsed by Guy Delaurier, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Darren’s colleagues at Wawanesa Insurance Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (2) Robert Lamoureux Manager - Guidewire Insurance Suite AMS at Wawanesa Mutual Insurance Company September 24, 2012, Robert was a client of Darren’s Darren has made my job easier because of his dedication, his willingness to go the extra mile and by taking the time to improve process, train junior resources. Darren will work to find the best solution to a problem and he will even suggest not changing system X due to the following conditions. Darren brings years of experience to his craft. I would work with Darren on any project. Blair Kissel Contemplative Leader February 16, 2012, Darren worked with Blair in the same group Darren was, and still is, an integral member of the Claim System Replacement team. Over the past two years Darren has assumed a number of key roles on the team, from integration developer to configuration developer to build/deploy master. Once the system was launched Darren joined the conversion team and has worked countless nights and weekends organizing and participating in the conversion activities. Darren's flexibility, broad knowledge, and willingness to help and learn were important assets on such an agile project. In addition, his positive and friendly attitude helped make the workplace fun and enjoyable. I would highly recommend Darren and it would be a pleasure to work with him again. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Nagaraj Chilakapati Manager at EY January 31, 2017, Nagaraj worked with Darren in the same group Nagaraj has been a valuable addition to our Integration team. He has made significant contributions to the success of our project. Nagaraj's flexibility, broad knowledge, and willingness to help and learn were important assets on our project. He worked consistently to provide clear communication and the right solution to the team. I would highly recommend Nagaraj and it would be a pleasure to work with him again. Blair Kissel Contemplative Leader September 1, 2011, Blair worked with Darren in the same group I had the pleasure of working on Blair's team for a large Claim System replacement project at Wawanesa. Blair's confidence as a leader and his forward thinking designs were exceptional. Blair is very personable and easy to approach. His modern skill set, in-depth knowledge of integration architecture and design served as an invaluable asset for the project. I highly recommend Blair and would be pleased to work with him again on any future assignments. Accomplishments Darren has 14 courses 14 Expand courses section Courses CollabNet - Complex Releases: Delivering Maximum Value on Time with Agile CollabNet - Continuous Delivery Pipeline Developing Web Applications using ASP.NET Enterprise Development Using Visual Basic 6 Guidewire - PolicyCenter Advanced Configuration Guidewire - PolicyCenter Application Integration Guidewire - PolicyCenter Functional Guidewire - Suite Configuration Fundamentals Guidewire - Suite Integration Fundamentals Guidewire – ClaimCenter Application Configuration Darren has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Guidewire Insurance Suite 9.0 - Integration Specialist Certification Guidewire Insurance Suite 8.0 Technical Certification Guidewire PolicyCenter 7.0 Functional Certification Interests The University of Winnipeg 24,020 followers Red River College 34,434 followers Pulse 1,535,232 followers Cynosure Inc 338 followers Grinnell Mutual 2,457 followers Jobs at Guidewire Software 1,795 members See all See all following
More Actions FAITH has a account FAITH JEROP Statistical Analyst at MTRH national construction authority UNIVERSITY OF KABIANGA Kenya 3 3 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst intern Company Name national construction authority Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location nairobi - data management Statistical Analyst Company Name MTRH Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Eldoret - data analyst-data cleaning- monitoring and evalution Education UNIVERSITY OF KABIANGA Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Statistics with computing Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,232 followers
More Actions FAITH has a account FAITH JEROP Statistical Analyst at MTRH national construction authority UNIVERSITY OF KABIANGA Kenya 3 3 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst intern Company Name national construction authority Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location nairobi - data management Statistical Analyst Company Name MTRH Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Eldoret - data analyst-data cleaning- monitoring and evalution Education UNIVERSITY OF KABIANGA Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Statistics with computing Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,232 followers
More Actions Gabriela has a account Gabriela Kovářová Senior Listing Creation Specialist for Italy - Workflow Manager at Amazon Amazon Univerzita Komenského v Bratislave Bratislava, Bratislava Region, Slovak Republic 49 49 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Listing Creation Specialist for Italy Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Delivering new business growth and maximizing revenue by helping launch high potential merchants that deliver competitive selection, pricing, and availability. Responsible for approving sellers’ enhanced brand content listings worldwide. Helping sellers integrate on Amazon's marketplace and contributing to their catalog, pricing and other tools, while meeting Amazon's bar for product data quality. Data Migration Agent – Data analyst Company Name KONE SSC s.r.o. Dates Employed May 2011 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Responsibility for the correct data transfer from local databases to SAP system for various countries Customer Service Leader Company Name Invensys Elektronika Slovensko Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 2 mos Providing support for external clients, coordination of customer service department, cooperation with other departments, logistics Cadence Application Support Company Name IBM ISC Dates Employed May 2006 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Providing a worldwide IT support for Lotus Notes databases’ users. Education Univerzita Komenského v Bratislave Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Language Interpretation Translation and History (English - Italian - Slovak) Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Listings See 3 endorsements for Listings 3 Listings Michal Kollár and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 3 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 3 Microsoft Excel Michal Kollár and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Outlook See 2 endorsements for Microsoft Outlook 2 Microsoft Outlook Michal Kollár and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gabriela has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages Czech English Italian Slovak Spanish Interests Green Business 10,533,830 followers Marketing & Advertising 14,745,759 followers Amazon 2,206,572 followers Education 7,173,617 followers Zurich Insurance Company Ltd 227,317 followers Design 3,728,688 followers See all See all following
More Actions Melinda (Mindy) has a account Melinda (Mindy) Morse Sr. Sap master data analyst/Controller at Blue Buffalo Co Blue Buffalo Co Greater New York City Area 229 229 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Sr. Sap master data analyst/Controller Company Name Blue Buffalo Co Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Wilton, CT Master Data Administrator- Information Technology Dept Company Name Sabra Dipping Company, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location White Plains, NY Master Data Analyst Supply Chain Company Name Cadbury Schweppes Americas Beverages Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Master Data Analyst Supply Chain Company Name Dr Pepper Snapple Group Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Pricing Coordinator Company Name Georgia Pacific Dates Employed Nov 2002 – Nov 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo See more positions Featured Skills & Endorsements Supply Chain See 23 endorsements for Supply Chain 23 Supply Chain Endorsed by 2 of Melinda (Mindy)’s colleagues at Cadbury plc. Click and drag to reorder skills Pricing See 13 endorsements for Pricing 13 Pricing Pat Bobwich and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAP See 9 endorsements for SAP 9 SAP Pat Bobwich and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Philips 806,543 followers Sun Products Corporation 11,001 followers P&G Alumni Network - Global (Procter & Gamble) 30,590 members Pepperidge Farm 10,147 followers Bristol- Myers Squibb Alumni Network (BMS) 7,503 members CPGpeople 43,551 members See all See all following
More Actions Mitch has a account Mitch de la Salle Data Warehouse Coordinator at WCB/Alberta WCB/Alberta BP Group Edmonton, Canada Area 175 175 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Over 8 years of Data Warehouse experience including ETL and Data Modeling- Over 13 years of BI reporting and data analysis experience- Team Lead for 6 years- Post Secondary teaching experience- Certified Process Professional Highlights Experience Data Warehouse / Business Intelligence Coordinator Company Name WCB/Alberta Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Edmonton, AB - DW/BI Team lead - lead a team of 13 analysts and 2 tools administrators- Managed the DW Program- Developed vision documents, business cases, and tactical work plans- Provided oversight and governance on various system projects- Managed operational budget in excess of $1.3M per annum- Performed system audits for OAG Business Intelligence Analyst Company Name WCB/Alberta Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Edmonton, AB - Developed BI reporting objects: Reports, Cubes, Scorecards, and Dashboards - Provided consultation and analysis for business stakeholders- Worked with the Cognos suite of BI Tools- Analyzed ETL processes and help extend data models- Lead various training initiatives throughout the organization- Maintained and enhanced the existing DW platform and environment Underwriting Analyst Company Name WCB/Alberta Dates Employed Nov 2000 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Edmonton, AB - Produced employer specific ad-hoc reports- Provided data analysis to support both internal and external stakeholders- Built databases and reports to support custom pricing initiatives Instructor - Computer Systems Technology Program Company Name Northern Alberta Institute of Technology (NAIT) Dates Employed Aug 1997 – Dec 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Edmonton, AB - Computer Instruction- Developed and prepared course materials for delivery (lecture & lab)- Marked labs and exams; provided student feedback- Provided student consultation and career counselling- Participated in getting CST program accredited to become a Microsoft Approved Curriculum Program Head - MicroComputer Support Technician Program Company Name Keyano College Dates Employed Aug 1996 – May 1997 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Ft. McMurray, AB - Finalized funding from HDRC- Selected / Hired Instructors- Initiated student selection process- Purchased equipment for Computer Lab- Installed LAN- Developed curriculum and course materials- Provided instruction, student evaluation, and counselling as required Education BP Group Field Of Study Certified Process Professional Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 Media (1) This position has 1 media CPP Level One - Certified Process Practitioner® (CPP) CPP Level One - Certified Process Practitioner® (CPP) This media is a link Sauder School of Business Field Of Study Leading High Performance Teams Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 Sauder School of Business Field Of Study Coaching & Mentoring Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 See more education Volunteer Experience Minor Hockey Coach Company Name Whitemud West Hockey Association Cause Children First Degree Knight Company Name Knights of Columbus Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Requirements Gathering See 7 endorsements for Requirements Gathering 7 Requirements Gathering Simon Wheatland and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 6 endorsements for Business Intelligence 6 Business Intelligence Robert Kralka and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 4 endorsements for Project Management 4 Project Management Tony Poyser and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests UBC Sauder School of Business 26,469 followers BP Group 18,770 members Pulse 1,535,232 followers Clarity Insights 7,844 followers Social Media 16,343,536 followers TEC Edmonton 2,079 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Brown Machine Learning, Data, and BI Sales, Partnerships, and Solutions (And Start-up help, apparently) Neal Analytics Western Washington University Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a huge nerd, with a can-do attitude who can solve pretty much any problem in the world with the right application of data. You'd be surprised the problems I've helped solve. You want to sell 10% more product? I can help. You want to predict the future of how to best engage with your customers? I can build that with the right data. You want to build a system that talks to people, interprets what they're saying and simulates a human intelligence? Yup. Done that too. If you want to do something amazing and epic with your data, we should talk, because I can help you get it done. I'm also more than a little interested in start-ups, a shameless equity partner in all ventures, and a huge Microsoft cool-aid drinker. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Alliance Manager Company Name Neal Analytics Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Bellevue WA I run alliance operations for Neal Analytics. In addition to solution selling with partners, start-ups, and customers, this entails focusing on business problems and coming up with innovative, unique solutions in the context of our Alliance environment. If you are interested in creating a predictive analytics component to augment an existing SAAS business, adding predictive analytics to your product, or hiring a solution integration firm to create something awesome, you should reach out. In addition to my traditional sales responsibilities, I try to add value through speaking engagements, press, public contribution, and case studies published by alliance partners. I also lead the local Seattle Modern Excel user group, where I try to give back to the data analytics community. Media (2) This position has 2 media Creating Synthetic Human-Level Intelligence: Meet The 'Experts' of Tomorrow Creating Synthetic Human-Level Intelligence: Meet The 'Experts' of Tomorrow This media is a link ARCA Continental Customer Story ARCA Continental Customer Story This media is a link Virtual Technical Sales Specialist & Data MVP Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Redmond WA I work with Microsoft customers to build and architect the best solutions to their problems. I specialize in PowerBI, Azure Machine Learning, and SQL Server. Because of this specialization, I've been awarded Microsoft's MVP award, for outstanding community contribution. Solution Sales Director Company Name Neal Analytics Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Bellevue WA I help Neal Analytics build and design solutions to common business problems using the Microsoft business intelligence toolkit, Azure Machine Learning, and the PowerBI stack of technologies. I also work with Microsoft partners to expand their business by leveraging these technologies.In the first year of my employment in sales with Neal, I helped the company double sales volume, established us as Gold in Microsoft Cloud and Data Analytics competencies, and assisted with our winning Finalist for Microsoft Partner of the Year for Advanced Analytics. I orchestrated partnerships with several multi-billion dollar SAS ISVs, and I produced several Azure Machine Learning-focused solutions through my sales work. Media (1) This position has 1 media Azure Advanced Analytics Kit Azure Advanced Analytics Kit This media is a document Data Analyst & Project Manager Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Feb 2014 – May 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Red West - B I work with the Premier Mission Critical team as a data analyst and Project Manager. Premier Mission Critical is an offering from Microsoft Consulting Services focused on end-to-end execution of Microsoft solutions. My team focuses on business intelligence, operational excellence, and improving PMC processes, systems, offerings, and services. Senior Consultant Company Name Mactus Group Dates Employed Feb 2014 – May 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Redmond WA I work as a vendor through Mactus for my position at Microsoft, and I help them out with consulting projects. See more positions Education Western Washington University Degree Name Masters Degree Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Western Washington University Degree Name Bachelor's Field Of Study MIS, Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Bellevue Community College Degree Name Associate's Degree - Direct Transfer Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 See more education Volunteer Experience Leadership Team for Seattle Modern Excel User Group Company Name Neal Analytics Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Jan 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology I help lead the Seattle Modern Excel User Group. http://www.meetup.com/Seattle-Modern-Excel-Users-Group-MEUG/ Featured Skills & Endorsements SharePoint See 39 endorsements for SharePoint 39 SharePoint Endorsed by Lee Derks, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of David’s colleagues at Neal Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 29 endorsements for Leadership 29 Leadership Endorsed by Gentry Gevers and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of David’s colleagues at Neal Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 26 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 26 Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by Lee Derks, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of David’s colleagues at Neal Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (9) Given (24) Dylan Dias CEO, Neal Analytics September 13, 2016, Dylan managed David directly David has been integral to building Neal Analytics. He exemplifies a 'go get it' attitude and is creative in his approach to problem solving. He has a great sales instinct and is technically well-equipped in BI and Analytics. He's a pleasure to have around and I wholeheartedly recommend him! Randy Burton Recruiting Leader- Searching for VP's with Cloud Technology expertise April 17, 2014, Randy was senior to David but didn’t manage directly David continues to impress me with his professionalism, and willingness to help others. He thrives on sharing his knowledge and helping others around him learn. I have not come across many others as knowledgeable as he is in PowerBI and motivated to evangelize these breakthrough products. He truly has a bright future ahead of him and only can look forward to watching him evolve. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Dipanjan Banik Senior Program Manager at Microsoft February 25, 2017, David worked with Dipanjan but at different companies I've had the pleasure of working with Dipanjan for several years in the Advanced Analytics / IoT space. He's always been a pleasure to work with, and he's provided his expertise most generously to help progress large important deals, and to improve the quality of the groups I help lead. He's an excellent program manager, and his customer engagement and customer management skills are on point. He's always a pleasure to work with, and I hope we can continue working together for years to come! Olufemi George EPG Solution Sales Lead at Microsoft January 4, 2017, David worked with Olufemi but at different companies I had the distinct pleasure of working with Olufemi on several accounts related to predictive analytics needs. He was a pleasure to work with, and excellent at overcoming customer objections, explaining technology in a meaningful way, and a pleasure to work with. I hope to land more deals with him in the future. View 22 more recommendations View 22 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments David has 11 languages 11 Expand languages section Languages ASPX C# DAX English Finnish HTML JavaScript MDX SQL Spanish David has 7 certifications 7 Expand certifications section Certifications Microsoft Most Valuable Professional Sales Specialist Certification - Enterprise Azure Sales Specialist Certification - Azure Machine Learning Sales Specialist Certification - Data Platform Sales Specialist Certification - Datacenter Solutions Technical Assessment for Using Azure for Data Analytics and Data Platform Solutions Implementing Data Models and Reports with Microsoft SQL Server David has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Microsoft MVP - Data Platform David has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Neal Analytics Azure Advanced Analytics Kit Interests Intelligaia 2,275 followers Bungie 23,306 followers Apple 3,419,636 followers Capital One 285,976 followers Western Washington University 75,569 followers FreedomPay 791 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brandon has a account Brandon Huppert Defensive Line Coach UC Davis University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 446 446 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Passionate about finding great talent and taking them to the next level. I believe in continuing to harbor an environment that allows young talent to flourish in their personal pursuit for greatness. Ten years at the Division I level has given me the discipline, technical skills and work ethic it takes to be a successful mentor and coach. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Brandon’s Activity 446 followers Proud of my team! Brandon liked See all activity Experience Defensive Line Coach Company Name UC Davis Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Davis, California Defensive Quality Control Company Name University of Washington Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Responsibilities included:-Creation and upkeep of Defensive Playbook-All opponent film breakdowns-Presentation and creation of Opponent Scoutbook-Daily defensive meeting presentations-Daily meetings with redshirt linebackers-Assist the LB coach during practice-Drawing of Cards for Offensive Scout Team-Organization and execution of Offensive Scout Team-Organization and execution of Scout Special Teams-Creation and Upkeep of Defensive Callsheet-Gameday personnel identification and LB alignments and run fits from the Coaches Box-Assisting in Recruiting through Social Media, Phone Conversations and On-Campus Contact-Evaluating of potential student-athletes through watching of film Defensive Assistant Football Company Name University of Washington Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Breakdown opponent and own game film, work with Defensive staff on team operations. Head Strength Coach Company Name Inglemoor High School Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Kenmore, Washington Create workout plans, teach form and technique for various lifts and executed workouts and conditioning. Strength Coach Company Name Edmonds-Woodway High School Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Edmonds, Washington Designed and implemented workouts for the Varsity football team at Edmonds-Woodway High School See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name Intercollegiate Athletic Leadership Field Of Study Masters of Education Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 University of Washington Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study American Indian Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: UW Football Team Featured Skills & Endorsements Athletics See 23 endorsements for Athletics 23 Athletics Endorsed by Douglas W. Palmer and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Brandon’s colleagues at University of Washington Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 20 endorsements for Leadership 20 Leadership Endorsed by Trenton Tuiasosopo and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Brandon’s colleagues at University of Washington Click and drag to reorder skills Coaching See 19 endorsements for Coaching 19 Coaching Endorsed by Mike Margolies and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Brandon’s colleagues at University of Washington Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Washington Intercollegiate Athletics 1,802 followers CrossFit, Inc. 30,876 followers Rogue Fitness 17,218 followers University of Washington 379,025 followers Nike 1,193,793 followers University of Washington - American Indian Studies Department 59 members See all See all following
More Actions Lisa has a account Lisa Yoda Data Analyst at AlohaCare AlohaCare University of Hawaii at Manoa Honolulu, Hawaii 69 69 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name AlohaCare Education University of Hawaii at Manoa Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Communication and Information Sciences University of Hawaii at Manoa Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Biostatistics University of Hawaii at Manoa Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Mathematics Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 11 endorsements for Data Analysis 11 Data Analysis Clairabella Bindoy and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 8 endorsements for Research 8 Research Debra Fuller and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 4 Microsoft Excel Jacob R. Burgess, JD, CHC and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,232 followers University of Hawaii at Manoa 80,486 followers University of Hawaii at Manoa 76,900 followers Box 75,152 followers
More Actions Ben has a account Ben Sullins Helping others become Data Jedi's LinkedIn Learning Ashford University San Diego, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a life-long data geek. Over the past eighteen years, I've focused solely on helping my clients use data to drive change in their business. Data is all around us, it shapes the world we live in, it binds us together online through sites like this, and without it, we would not have much left.This often underutilized asset, is now being used by all the most successful companies to completely disrupt industries and change the world we live in. My focus now is to help as many people worldwide, take advantage of what I consider, basic digital-human skills. These skills can help elevate your career or grow your business and with the technology available today are relatively cheap and easy to use.You can find my courses and more at my website: bensullins.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ben’s Articles & Activity 2,127 followers Apache Spark Essential Training Ben Sullins on LinkedIn See 22 more articles 🔥 Hot off the press: “Weekly Data Digest from Ben Sullins Data Geek” Ben shared this Saddle Up for Silicon Slopes! Our Guide to the 2017 ASU+GSV Summit (EdSurge News) Ben liked See all activity Experience Data Science Author Company Name LinkedIn Learning Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Helping others learn how to advance their careers in the field of Data Science and Analytics. Author Company Name Pluralsight Dates Employed May 2013 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos http://pluralsight.com/authors/ben-sullins Media (3) This position has 3 media Data Analysis Fundamentals with Tableau (preview) Data Analysis Fundamentals with Tableau (preview) This media is a video Enterprise Business Intelligence with Tableau Server (Course Preview) Enterprise Business Intelligence with Tableau Server (Course Preview) This media is a video New course: Big Data Analytics with Tableau New course: Big Data Analytics with Tableau This media is a link Chief Data Officer Company Name Pluralsight Dates Employed May 2014 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater San Diego Area Grew a team that helped the company become data-driven at all levels of the organization. Data Geek Company Name Mozilla Corporation Dates Employed Feb 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Business Intelligence Consultant Company Name InterWorks, Inc Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Diego, California While at InterWorks I performed many Tableau implementations and helped data teams make sense of their data. Most notably I lead the implementation team at Facebook which included a architecting, implementing, and migrating to a new infrastructure for their Tableau Server. I also conducted many trainings for users to help grow the data geek culture. Our team later presented our work at the Tableau Customer Conference (TCC12) which can be viewed here: http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/26807227 See more positions Education Ashford University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Information Systems Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 51 endorsements for SQL 51 SQL Endorsed by Tim Costello and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ben’s colleagues at Mozilla Click and drag to reorder skills Tableau See 30 endorsements for Tableau 30 Tableau Endorsed by Andy Kriebel and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ben’s colleagues at InterWorks, Inc Click and drag to reorder skills Data Visualization See 22 endorsements for Data Visualization 22 Data Visualization Endorsed by Mel Stephenson and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ben’s colleagues at InterWorks, Inc Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (12) D'Allesandro Lamar IT Ninja May 9, 2014, Ben was senior to D'Allesandro but didn’t manage directly Ben,Was a pleasure to work with and for. Whenever there was a challenge or a process to improve his name would be at the top of contributors ! With his strategic expertise, efforts, and execution of directives he created a friend forever in admiration of his many skills. John Powers *MBA, ITILv3 Expert, ISO20000 ITSM Champion at Solar Turbines June 26, 2013, John worked with Ben in different groups Working with Ben taught me a lot about the value of data and overall business intelligence. At the company we worked at together, he transformed the organization by enabling data based decisions. He is a great presenter and is a true leader you can count on.I look forward to the opportunity to work with him again and it is always a positive and beneficial interaction. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations D'Allesandro Lamar IT Ninja May 7, 2014, Ben worked with D'Allesandro in different groups D was always helpful and accommodating whenever I brought an issue to him. He truly understands what it means to run a service organization and would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a talented IT worker. John Powers *MBA, ITILv3 Expert, ISO20000 ITSM Champion at Solar Turbines June 26, 2013, Ben worked with John in different groups John is a focused leader that in my time working with him was able to make everyone around him better by sharing his deep knowledge and understanding of IT Services and processes. I greatly appreciated working with John and would love the opportunity to do so again if our paths were to cross. View 10 more recommendations View 10 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Ben has 12 projects 12 Expand projects section Projects VizBin : Animated Tableau Dashboards Real-time Web Dashboards with Highcharts Cloud Business Intelligence: The Big Picture D3.js Data Visualization Fundamentals (online course) Business Dashboard Fundamentals (online course) Enterprise Business Intelligence with Tableau Server (online course) Data Analysis Fundamentals with Tableau (online course) bit.ly to .csv (python) Big Data Analytics with Tableau (online course) MoPal Elastic Search Query Tool (php web app) Ben has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Ben has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Executive Data Science Specialization Ben has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization San Diego Tableau Users Group Ben has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Facebook presentation at Tableau Customer Conference 2012 Interests Facebook 1,533,763 followers Conan O'BrienConan O&#39;Brien is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Conan 446,438 followers TED Conferences 5,361,944 followers Data Science Central 291,511 members The Classic MCI Alumni Group 12,555 members ACTIVE Network, LLC 25,151 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephanie has a account Stephanie Chan Applied researcher in behavioral economics/ psychology Harvard Business School University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent "Yes, you can–if you do everything as if it were the last thing you were doing in your life" - Marcus Aurelius Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Stephanie’s Articles 579 followers Republished: On Happiness Stephanie Chan on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 14, 2016 See all articles Experience Research Associate Company Name Harvard Business School Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Palo Alto Summer Scholar Company Name Common Cents Lab Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco - Consulted fin-tech companies on how to incorporate behavioral insights research into their product and company operations. - Designed, ran, and analyzed test results from A/B testing with client and on MTurk.- Worked with leading behavioral scientists, including Dan Ariely, and seven other summer scholars during the lab's their inaugural year of the summer program. Research Assistant - Economics Department Company Name Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Boston - Worked with Professor Frank Schilbach, among other Economists, on designing and analyzing Randomized Controlled Trials in Chennai, India. - Conducted literature reviews on various topics including the relationship between sleep and well-being.- Researched and written paper for NBER conference on cognitive poverty traps, with an emphasis on psychology and behavioral science research. Research Assistant - Center for Decision Research Company Name University of Chicago Booth School of Business Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Chicago Recruited participants for studies at the Museum of Science and Industry (MSI), administered surveys to Booth School students, facilitated in research analysis process Data Analyst Company Name The Nielsen Company Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Chicago, IL Professional Services, Custom Analytics, Consumer & Shopper Practice See more positions Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Relevant Courses: Consumer BehaviorMarketing ResearchJudgment and DecisionsStatistics University of Pennsylvania Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 University College London, U. of London Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Junior Fall Semester Abroad See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Social Media See 18 endorsements for Social Media 18 Social Media Endorsed by 3 of Stephanie’s colleagues at University of Pennsylvania Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 16 endorsements for Data Analysis 16 Data Analysis Endorsed by Nelly Zhang and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Stephanie’s colleagues at Nielsen Click and drag to reorder skills PowerPoint See 13 endorsements for PowerPoint 13 PowerPoint Endorsed by 2 of Stephanie’s colleagues at University of Pennsylvania Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Leo Wong Co-founder and CEO at Sensbeat July 11, 2013, Leo and Stephanie were students together Very good personality with happy mindset, at the same time surprisingly philosophic, which is of utmost importance in life. Suitable to work in any industry with any persons from any background. Leo Wong Co-founder and CEO at Sensbeat July 14, 2013, Stephanie and Leo were students together A natural leader, Yeung empowers those around them with wise and philosophic thoughts. He is full of positive energy that is destined to make the world a better place. I completely recommend Yeung to any company that is looking for a young, energetic and influential individual. Accomplishments Stephanie has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Mandarin Stephanie has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Harvard Business School, HBS Project - Massive Incorporated Interests UCL 166,711 followers IvyLife/The Original Ivy League Network/Brown Columbia Cornell Dartmouth Harvard Princeton Penn Yale 47,401 members Mike BloombergMike Bloomberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur, philanthropist, and three-term mayor of New York City 744,891 followers ARF - Advertising Research Foundation 6,487 members Harvard Business School 329,921 followers The Wharton School 158,078 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Rigg Director at Six Chairmen Six Chairmen Sheffield Hallam University Crewe, United Kingdom 292 292 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Project Management / Business AnalystBusiness Intelligence.Web/online automationMI / BI development. VBA SAP - FI ,CO, HRBusiness Objects Developer. (Webi) Highlights Experience Director Company Name Six Chairmen Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Cheshire Web automation and Data services for the property industry. www.sixchairmen.com HR & Payroll System Migration. Company Name Tilney Group Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Liverpool, United Kingdom HR & Payroll System Migration. (Sage Snowdrop & Cascade)Nexus & CGix automaton Application Developer (VBA/HTML / SAP CRM / ISU) Company Name ScottishPower Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Wrexham CRM - Web Automation (SAP CRM / ISU) Business Intelligence Analyst (SAP BI) Company Name Post Office Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Chesterfield SAP BI Implementation (BO4) Web Designer Company Name Rigg & Rigg Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Cheshire Web and Small App development (HTML/VBA) See more positions Education Sheffield Hallam University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Town Planning & Land Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Objects See 14 endorsements for Business Objects 14 Business Objects Endorsed by Dan Charlton and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Chris’ colleagues at Post Office Ltd Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 13 endorsements for Business Intelligence 13 Business Intelligence Endorsed by 4 of Chris’ colleagues at Post Office Ltd Click and drag to reorder skills SAP See 10 endorsements for SAP 10 SAP Keith Roberts and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,233 followers Estate Agent Networking 16,207 members SAP BI BO 4.0 748 members Sheffield Hallam University 112,240 followers SCOTTISH POWER (IBERDROLA Renovables) 2,206 followers Dataloft Limited 54 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lisa has a account Lisa Yoda Data Analyst at AlohaCare AlohaCare University of Hawaii at Manoa Honolulu, Hawaii 69 69 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name AlohaCare Education University of Hawaii at Manoa Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Communication and Information Sciences University of Hawaii at Manoa Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Biostatistics University of Hawaii at Manoa Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Mathematics Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 11 endorsements for Data Analysis 11 Data Analysis Clairabella Bindoy and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 8 endorsements for Research 8 Research Debra Fuller and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 4 Microsoft Excel Jacob R. Burgess, JD, CHC and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Hawaii at Manoa 76,899 followers Pulse 1,535,233 followers University of Hawaii at Manoa 80,486 followers Box 75,152 followers
More Actions Joseph has a account Joseph Geraci Data Scientist, Mathematician, and Medical Scientist NetraMark University of Southern California Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am passionate about mathematics, AI, and medical science. I have ventured out on my own and am now engaged with pharma companies in an attempt to disrupt the way that clinical trials are done. I work with massive data through Hadoop, SAS, R, and Python and have developed my own approach for machines to learn from small data as this is where pharma data dwells. I am still academically active and do research in the areas of oncology, psychiatry, mathematics, physics, and machine learning. I remain active with quantum computation research and as technologies evolve I will be looking to augment machine learning technologies with quantum based algorithms. I am open to and am currently consulting companies in various verticals about data quality curation, how to handle small and large data sets for sophisticated imputation, feature selection methods, and machine learning. I have access to advanced proprietary technologies for these purposes and have helped banks, engineering firms, research organisations, and pharmaceutical companies. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Joseph’s Articles & Activity 572 followers I presented NetraMark's Placebo Response Prediction Tech At The CNS Summit In Boca Raton Joseph Geraci on LinkedIn See 2 more articles My role in the life sciences, reimagined. Joseph liked First paralysed human treated with stem cells has now regained his upper body movement Joseph liked Personalized medicine and pharmacogenomic screening – The future is here | Pharmacy U Joseph commented See all activity Experience Founder of NetraMark Corp - Augmented Intelligence for Pharma and for Cyber Security Professionals Company Name NetraMark Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Toronto, ON. Canada Drugs don't work for everyone and may not be safe for certain individuals and NetraMark Corp is bringing precision medicine to the market. Our efforts can bring effective and safe drugs to millions of people who would otherwise not get them. We have developed a deeply holistic way of looking at non-image data sets and we call it Perspective Analytics - we have found a way to visualise high dimensional data sets like nothing else available. These algorithms are used to train machines to learn from extremely heterogeneous data sets! We use 10+ different methods from simple regression methods, to kernel methods, to deep learning in an integrative way to capture a 360 degree vantage of data structures. What makes all this possible is a beautiful mathematical paradigm developed in-house that captures the many possible vantages of a data set, like pages bound into a book. We call this process NetraAI, from the Sanskrit word netra meaning eyes. Precision medicine has arrived and NetraAI can be used to extract hidden information about drugs that never stood a chance but that can now be used to help millions of people. We capture this information like no other system can and thus are positioned uniquely to help pharmaceutical companies make the transition to more personalised therapeutics. Assistant Professor Company Name Queen's University Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos Location Department of Pathology and Molecular Medicine Please seehttp://www.path.queensu.ca/faculty/geraci/ Chief Scientist Company Name Spark Analytics Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Essentially a small group of people totally obsessed with bleeding edge data analysis, that love the standard machine learning tools but who are excited about using novel mathematical methods including dynamical systems, topology, and graph theory. Butterfly (https://butterflygeraci.codeplex.com/) is part of our arsenal and we have already applied it to the medical sciences and other data sets. Project Scientist Company Name CAMH Dates Employed Feb 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Toronto, Canada I am using natural language programming with machine learning protocols to examine electronic health records with the aim of identifying candidates for scientific studies and to implement predictive models for treatment options. I am creating a system that will be able to personalize treatments, inform studies, and move us towards the dream of personalized medicine. Machine Learning Lead at CAN-BIND Company Name TORONTO EAST GENERAL HOSPITAL Dates Employed Feb 2012 – May 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Department of Psychiatry I am the machine learning lead of CAN-BIND, a cross Canada depression study funded by the Ontario Brain Institute. My expertise is dealing with many different types of data and integrating them to find predictive models in a big data platform. My particular expertise, and where I have made original contributions, is in the emerging fields of equation free modelling and augmented intelligence. Equation free modelling involves using algorithms that do not place preexisting mathematical constraints on the data but allows the geometry of the data to shape the model instead. Augmented intelligence on the other hand allows domain experts to easily interact directly with their data through a series of two-dimensional perspectives. This allows domain experts to "play" with data and influence the modelling process in a constructive way. See more positions Education University of Southern California Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Mathematical Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 University of Toronto Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2008 University of Toronto Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Pure Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Bioinformatics See 48 endorsements for Bioinformatics 48 Bioinformatics Endorsed by 2 of Joseph’s colleagues at Queen's University Endorsed by 9 people who know Bioinformatics Click and drag to reorder skills Science See 29 endorsements for Science 29 Science Endorsed by 2 of Joseph’s colleagues at University of Southern California Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 23 endorsements for Algorithms 23 Algorithms Endorsed by 3 of Joseph’s colleagues at University of Southern California Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Paulo Nuin Adjunct Assistant Professor at University of Alberta April 1, 2010, Joseph worked with Paulo in the same group I am looking forward to learn a lot from all the extremely complicated work that he does. Joe is a bright scientist and has been a very important addition to the OCBN group. A colleague that is always willing to help and always with a different topic to talk with. Joseph Porrovecchio, MBA ITM, TOGAF 9, CITA-F Senior Application Networks Engineer (Web-Servers), Global Engineering June 24, 2010, Joseph worked with Joseph in different groups I have known Joseph for over ten years. He was was a colleague of mine at the University of Toronto. Over the years we developed a friendship as he continued his studies and later joined the University of Toronto as an Senior I.T. employee. Joseph is a seasoned I.T. computing professional who would add value to any organization. I have quite a bit of experience in I.T. but he was able to get me out of certain situations that were too much for me. A great guy overall actually. Paulo Nuin Adjunct Assistant Professor at University of Alberta June 24, 2010, Paulo worked with Joseph in the same group Paulo's expertise in biology and computer science make him an extremely valuable weapon in our organization and he is a model for the future of the biological sciences. He is extremely fast and I am learning a lot about bioinformatics from him. The Python lessons are priceless. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Joseph has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Protein Interaction Networks fMRI Networks CAN-BIND Depression Biomarker Reserach Joseph has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication CAN-BIND Depression Biomarker Overview Interests Heart Attack in Women (Pointcare Genomics Group) 89 members University of Toronto - Victoria University 7,477 followers Personalized Diagnostics 2,349 members Innovations In Health 173,041 members Mathematical and Computational Oncology 860 members Open Source Health Inc. 81 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephanie has a account Stephanie Chan Applied researcher in behavioral economics/ psychology Harvard Business School University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent "Yes, you can–if you do everything as if it were the last thing you were doing in your life" - Marcus Aurelius Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Stephanie’s Articles 579 followers Republished: On Happiness Stephanie Chan on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 14, 2016 See all articles Experience Research Associate Company Name Harvard Business School Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Palo Alto Summer Scholar Company Name Common Cents Lab Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco - Consulted fin-tech companies on how to incorporate behavioral insights research into their product and company operations. - Designed, ran, and analyzed test results from A/B testing with client and on MTurk.- Worked with leading behavioral scientists, including Dan Ariely, and seven other summer scholars during the lab's their inaugural year of the summer program. Research Assistant - Economics Department Company Name Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Boston - Worked with Professor Frank Schilbach, among other Economists, on designing and analyzing Randomized Controlled Trials in Chennai, India. - Conducted literature reviews on various topics including the relationship between sleep and well-being.- Researched and written paper for NBER conference on cognitive poverty traps, with an emphasis on psychology and behavioral science research. Research Assistant - Center for Decision Research Company Name University of Chicago Booth School of Business Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Chicago Recruited participants for studies at the Museum of Science and Industry (MSI), administered surveys to Booth School students, facilitated in research analysis process Data Analyst Company Name The Nielsen Company Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Chicago, IL Professional Services, Custom Analytics, Consumer & Shopper Practice See more positions Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Relevant Courses: Consumer BehaviorMarketing ResearchJudgment and DecisionsStatistics University of Pennsylvania Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 University College London, U. of London Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Junior Fall Semester Abroad See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Social Media See 18 endorsements for Social Media 18 Social Media Endorsed by 3 of Stephanie’s colleagues at University of Pennsylvania Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 16 endorsements for Data Analysis 16 Data Analysis Endorsed by Nelly Zhang and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Stephanie’s colleagues at Nielsen Click and drag to reorder skills PowerPoint See 13 endorsements for PowerPoint 13 PowerPoint Endorsed by 2 of Stephanie’s colleagues at University of Pennsylvania Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Leo Wong Co-founder and CEO at Sensbeat July 11, 2013, Leo and Stephanie were students together Very good personality with happy mindset, at the same time surprisingly philosophic, which is of utmost importance in life. Suitable to work in any industry with any persons from any background. Leo Wong Co-founder and CEO at Sensbeat July 14, 2013, Stephanie and Leo were students together A natural leader, Yeung empowers those around them with wise and philosophic thoughts. He is full of positive energy that is destined to make the world a better place. I completely recommend Yeung to any company that is looking for a young, energetic and influential individual. Accomplishments Stephanie has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Mandarin Stephanie has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Harvard Business School, HBS Project - Massive Incorporated Interests Pulse 1,535,234 followers Teach For America 90,623 followers Marketing & Advertising 14,745,793 followers ARF - Advertising Research Foundation 6,487 members UCL 166,703 followers Google 4,871,570 followers See all See all following
More Actions Timothy has a account Timothy Crawford Analyst at New England Revolution New England Revolution/Kraft Sports Group University of Connecticut Attleboro, Massachusetts 253 253 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Analyst Company Name New England Revolution/Kraft Sports Group Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Foxboro, MA - Statistical match reports for both our own team and our upcoming opposition- Analytics projects to better describe teams, players, and strategies as well as potentially find best practices- Use Opta F24 xml files for most statistical analysis- Use MatchAnalysis MamboStudio and Tango for video analysis Tutor Company Name Tutoring in Los Angeles Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area - Tutored students, typically on a weekly basis, in a variety of math subjects including pre-algebra, algebra 1, geometry, algebra 2, pre-calculus, AP Calculus, and college calculus- Tutored students in preparation for SATs High School Math Teacher Company Name Burbank Unified School District Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Burbank, CA - Taught algebra 1, geometry, algebra 2, AP Statistics, and CAHSEE prep classes for students in 9th to 12th grades- Provided after school assistance to students both from my own classes and other math classes Education University of Connecticut Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Mathematics Grade 3.89 Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Minor in Statistics Campus Crusade for Christ Goal Patrol Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 12 endorsements for Data Analysis 12 Data Analysis Endorsed by Steve Fenn, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 5 endorsements for Public Speaking 5 Public Speaking Sarmen Sinanian and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 5 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 5 Microsoft Excel Harrison Crow and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests New England Revolution 214 followers University of Connecticut 141,363 followers University of Connecticut 148,250 followers Kraft Sports Group 2,269 followers Pulse 1,535,234 followers
More Actions Beenish has a account Beenish Khan Data Center Coordinator at Texas Department of Motor Vehicles Texas Department of Motor Vehicles Preston University Austin, Texas Area 368 368 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Nine plus years of combined experience in business analysis, requirements gathering, IT project management and financial services. Hands-on delivery of business process automation projects including full software development life-cycle (SDLC) and project management life-cycle(PML). Strong leadership and successful team building skills. Good technical, communication, presentation, and customer service skills. Resourceful problem solver with proven ability to bring quick resolution to challenging situations. Able to build lasting relationships with vendors and customers.Specialties:Process Improvement and Management (PI&M)Project Initiation, Project Planning, Project Execution & Project Closure Technical Expertise(Databases,COTS products implementation, Data Analytic, Web development, SharePoint 2010, AtTask, ERP integrated systems); Analytical ThinkingRequirements ManagementRisk ManagementChange ManagementIssue ManagementTime ManagementTeamwork; Team Leadership; Oral/Written Communication; Organizational Awareness; Relationship Building; Customer focused; Managing Project Activities; Ms. Visio; Ms. Project See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Beenish’s Activity 422 followers 4/23/17: All TxDMV services are now online & available following scheduled maintenance. Thanks for your patience during our brief outage. Check out @TxDMV's Tweet: Beenish shared this 4/22-23 2017: TxDMV systems are offline for planned maintenance, including online vehicle registration renewal; see https://t.co/Lkx2kDWMJC. Check out @TxDMV's Tweet: https://lnkd.in/ee-EsWF Beenish shared this What do fabulous leaders do? Outputs of the #FabChangeDay Do-athon on leadership. Learning from frontline leaders. https://lnkd.in/dtBgRwi Beenish shared this Will be an interesting battle among top technology companies Apple, Amazon and Toshiba Beenish shared this Customers saw 96% less downtime w/ converged solutions from Dell EMC Beenish shared this Very advance and complex Autopilot tool. It should include all the enhanced features within the standard package. Beenish shared this See all activity Experience Data Center Coordinator - Information Technology Services Division Company Name Texas Department of Motor Vehicles Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Austin, Texas Area Data Center Coordinator for Information Technology Services Division at Texas Department of Motor Vehicles Oversee solutions and implementation phases of new projects requested from the DCS vendor for TxDMV business needs. Working as an IT liaison between TxDMV and TxDOT (Texas Department of Transportation) personnel, Data Center Services (Capemini, Atos, and Xerox) and TxDIR (Texas Department of Information Resources) during development and decision making of information systems within the DCS program Staying up-to-date with all relevant DCS information, as well as all technology pertinent to state Data Center Services facilities and present new Data Center Services initiatives and updates about the Data Center Services policies and procedures.Preparing Data Center Services Legislation Appropriation Requests budget requirements for the IT Division. Manage server and storage cost comparison for variances between months. Co-Founder Company Name APPS EVERYWHERE, LLC Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Co-Founder at APPS EVERYWHERE, LLC Business Analyst/Project Lead - Subject Matter Expert Company Name Leidos Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Reston, VA Consultant for the Social Security Administration (SSA) and Northrop Grumman in Woodlawn, Maryland and Plano, Texas• Provided subject matter expertise in a broad range of industry process for the Office of Disability System (ODS) at Social Security Administration (SSA).• Deployed multiple SSA CPMS and eBB applications releases (4.0, 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 5.0, 5.1 and 6.0) to help efficiently process disability case by adopting scrum methodologies. • Integrated Microsoft Word application as a documentation editor tool for in house built application(front-end Java and back-end DB2) to be used by the Judges to make inform disability claim decision at the Disability Hearing Level• Created mockup for data mapping between interfaces of software applications (database tools, SQL, Java Front-end, Microsoft Word, & Web services) to accomplish integration activities smoothly and prototype screenshot flows for Graphical User Interface (GUI) with specific requirements representation. • Performed Planning and Analysis activities throughout the Software Development Life-cycle (SDLC), Business Process Improvement (BPI) and Project Lifecycle (PLC).• Communicated to various levels through meeting minutes, project statuses, release packages, requirements and action items of any purpose, and maintain these project artifacts in Microsoft SharePoint 2010 document repository by following CMMI-Level 3 standards.• Created monthly and weekly technical progress, issue management, risk management, change control, management performance milestones and deliverables as defined by the PMO. • Experienced ensuring projects are completed on schedule, within budget and meets technical requirements of the assignment. Senior Business Analyst/Project Lead Company Name Full Circle Solutions Dates Employed May 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Baltimore, Maryland Area Consultant for the City of Baltimore Real Property Tax System Project• Managed and participated in the Real Property Administration Tax Project for the City of Baltimore• Managed and tracked project plan in Ms. Project (allocation of resources, milestones, dependencies and daily progress)• Analyzed various business processes and interviewed end users to obtain clarity to define the scope of each process within City of Baltimore in order to collect taxes on the real property• Illustrated information by using story boards, whiteboards, post-it, use cases and MS. Visio diagram (context diagram, brainstorm diagram, use cases & cross-functional)• Interviewed stakeholders to extract requirements for the new system• Managed and Implemented IT Project with the IT vendors as a Subject Matter Expert • Managed an internal SharePoint site for the Department of Finance. • Developed Business Requirement Document (BRD), Functional Requirement Documents (FRD) and Use Case documents while coordination with the Bureau of Revenue Collection (BRC), Bureau of Accounting and Payrolls (BAPS), Bureau of Budget Management Research (BBMR), State Department of Assessment and Taxation (SDAT) and Mayors Office of Information Technology (MOIT) • Led GAP Analysis and Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) meetings with the IT vendor, End Users and Stakeholders • Distributed and maintained all the documentation related to the Real Property Tax Administration Project in the Department of Finance(DOF) Internal SharePoint site 2013• Conducted meetings and followed-up with the stakeholders, IT Vendors and End Users IT Business Analyst/Project Lead - OnSite Contractor Company Name US Department of Health and Human Services - US Food & Drug Administration FDA Dates Employed Oct 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area • Handled multiple parallel projects within the Project Management Office PMO involving 3000 end users across Center for Drug Evaluation & Research(CDER) at FDA • Helped launch a Panorama Program within nine-month. Managed a whole project lifecycle of each project from different stages of initiation, planning and execution• Created, managed and tracked 500 and 300 lines project plans (work breakdown structure (WBS), Milestones, dependencies and schedule) in MS. Project • Identified and mitigated project risks to overcome major roadblocks to achieve scheduled deliverables and walkthrough from all phases of the SDLC• Conducted requirements gathering workshops and produced demo and prepared mock-ups based on requirements. • Completed and illustrated workflow diagrams (cross-functional and swim lanes) to present business/design process in MS. Visio• Attained approval (customer sign-off) on functional and business requirements and task order management plan (TOMP) documents from the C-Level management • Applied CMMI and Agile methodologies to execute project within targeted budget • Furnished resolutions for any concerns and issues raised by the client during the course of the project • Facilitated Joint Application Design (JAD) discussions with Point of Contact (POC) and configuration team of each project• Created weekly project status reports for FDA program manager and designed project dashboards showing major milestones and progress• Analyzed business and functional requirements and documented AS-IS/TO-BE processes • Developed test cases and ran user acceptance testing (UAT) sessions with the client• Supervised Stand-Up meeting daily and delegated tasks to team members and updated status of each deliverable. • Promoted design and prepare training materials for client delivery • Mentored newly hired employees and trained to bring-up to speed with program and project See more positions Education Preston University Degree Name B.S.Computer Science Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 Activities and Societies: Certificate of Presentation: I represented Computer Science Department as a senior year student of Preston University & conducted a presentation at the University organized Seminar & promoted computer science degree program in front of freshly graduate high school students to come and join. Relevant Courses: Database Systems, System Analysis & Design, Computer Architecture, Data Communications & Networks, ADO, RDBMS, ODBC, SDLC, ActiveX Controls, OLE objects, OOP concepts & Business CommunicationsSenior project: Created an Enterprise Resource Package (ERP) system using MS Access and Visual Basic. The system covered all aspects of the business including sales, purchases, inventory control, human resources and expenses Karachi University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 Howard Community College Degree Name Technical Certificate Field Of Study Introduction to SQL , Intermediate MS. ACCESS 2007 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Project: Event Management Information SystemProject: Customer Database Management See more education Volunteer Experience Data Entry Specialist Company Name Special Olympics Texas Dates volunteered Aug 2007 – Dec 2009 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 5 mos Cause Children Helped in the office on as needed basis for maintaining data integrityUsed MS Access to enter data for the Special Olympic Sports candidates Volunteer Coordinator Company Name Regional Hospice of Western Connecticut Dates volunteered Mar 2006 – Mar 2006 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Helped Volunteer Director with general office work. Bookkeeper Company Name Little Wonders DayCare Dates volunteered Jan 2005 – Jun 2005 Volunteer duration 6 mos Cause Children Assisted owner in recording day to day business transactions into MS Money. Arranged and filed receipts into folders and made copies as necessary. Proficiently used MS Excel for various office works. See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 41 endorsements for Business Analysis 41 Business Analysis Endorsed by Sachin Chhibber, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Beenish’s colleagues at Empire Auto Parts, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills SDLC See 22 endorsements for SDLC 22 SDLC Safee Ahmed and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Visio See 22 endorsements for Visio 22 Visio Endorsed by Divya Kota, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Beenish’s colleagues at Empire Auto Parts, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (1) Samantha Gordon Branch Chief of Technology and Learning Development May 20, 2013, Samantha was a client of Beenish’s Beenish is very knowledgable in the IT Configuration world, she was able to take small suggestions and improve upon what we were asking to be configured in At Task. kumar neti Ops Mgr, VMware/Storage/AD July 16, 2012, kumar was senior to Beenish but didn’t manage directly dedicated and sincere worker who completes her tasks before time and results driven and keen to take on challenging tasks View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Shariq Khan Looking new opportunities February 17, 2009, Beenish and Shariq were students together Shariq has been a diligent student who brings insight and energy to the class. Shariq is creative, extravert and a responsible person. Whatever tasks/projects he instigates finish them in a timely fashion with professionalism. Shariq can furnish extensive knowledge through his experience and has full command over Telecom Technologies. Shariq works competently as an independent or within a collaborative environment. I highly recommend Shariq, and assure that he would be a valuable asset to an organization or employer. Good luck in the future job prospects. Accomplishments Beenish has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Business Intelligence Business Principles Intermediate MS. Access 2007 Introduction to SQL Micro Economics Speech Communications US. Govt Beenish has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Punjabi Sindhi Urdu Beenish has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Electronic Disability Claim Process - Office of Disability Systems (ODS)/Social Security Administration (SSA) Real Property Tax Project OSE Task Tracking Project Panorama Project Beenish has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Certificate of Completion - TestTrack RM User Course AtTask Certified Project Manager Certificate of Accomplishment Beenish has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Customer Analytics Interests Business Analyst forum [BA forum] 89,588 members Howard Community College 14,716 followers Leidos Health 7,828 followers Best Advice 6,720,421 followers Elevate 9,830 followers APPS EVERYWHERE, LLC 1 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sukumar has a account Sukumar B Manager - EDW at Tangerine Tangerine Madras University Toronto, Canada Area 272 272 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • SAS 9.4 installation, configuration and administration• SAS 9.2 to SA 9.4 Migration Experience• Cognos 11 PoC • Hands on development experience in using Amazon Redshift • Knowledge about Azure Services - Event Hub, IoT , Azure Data Lake and Azure SQL Warehouse• Hands on Hadoop experience with IBM Big Insights and Horton works and Cloudera• Knowledge about Kafka, Oozie and Zoo Keeper• Hand on experience on HIVE, Scoop and FLUME • Hands on hadoop architect experience in defining the architecture and solution• Architect data warehouse from requirements gathering to conceptualization to creation of ODS and data marts using Inmon and Kimball methodologies•Expertise in Conceptual/Logical/Enterprise Data Modelling, Enterprise Data Warehouse Design, DataMart Design, Metadata , Data Quality and Master Data Management• Participated in ETL design discussions , decision making and liaised with all technology stakeholders – Security, Data Modelers, DBA’s, Solution /Data Architects, SQA, Business Users, Change Management and Production Support teams• In-depth Data Integration, Acquisition and Transforming Experience using various ETL tools and programming languages• Extensively involved in ETL performance tuning and acted as mentor for establishing ETL best practices• Provided knowledge transfer to the technical /non-technical end users , team members and created extensive documentation on the design, development, implementation, daily loads and process flow of the mappings• Developed Real-Time Web Services using Informatica PowerCenter Web Service Hub• Experience with Cloudera Framework.Hands on experience in Hive and Pig and developed ETL for social media integration.• Hand on experience on Netezza, knowledge about Netezza Administration & expertise in Netezza performance tuning•Experience in managing large/small teams, involved in vendor assessments and good exposure to onsite-offshore resource management See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Sukumar’s Articles & Activity 276 followers Agile BI Series - 2 Sukumar B on LinkedIn See 1 more article Presenting at Gartner Sukumar liked See all activity Experience Manager - EDW Company Name Tangerine Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos ETL Architect Company Name Scotiabank Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Established the Enterprise Standards and GuidelinesDefining the Hadoop based solution Defining the Architecture for Scotia Bank high profile projects Manager - Data Integration Company Name LoyaltyOne Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo •Develop highly complex software solutions in support of business requirements and in accordance with predetermined software solution design standards. •Responsible for the design, development, test and implementation of complex solutions. •Follow established SDLC processes as well as enterprise policies and guidelines for software development. •Author technical documentation for developed software •Troubleshoot and correct highly complex software defects. •Document and communicate root cause •Conduct unit testing and support the execution of system integration tests •Reviews and approves technical work products produced by more junior staff •Participate in team meetings and software design sessions •Participate in the research and setting of solution development policies and guidelines•Manage development activities for KANBAN & SCRUM Agile projects•Involved in Task Creation, Prioritization, Allocation and Tracking•Performance appraisal , calibration and ratings Advisory Application Developer Company Name CIBC Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Associate Consultant Company Name Tata Consultancy Services Ltd Dates Employed Dec 2004 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos See more positions Education Madras University Degree Name B.Sc. (Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Physics PGDCA NIIT Degree Name PG Diploma Field Of Study Web Programming Athene Software University Of Madras Degree Name M.C.A (Master Field Of Study Computer Applications Skills ETL ETL Click and drag to reorder skills Informatica Informatica Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing Data Warehousing Click and drag to reorder skills SDLC SDLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Mark Sandico Technical Lead, Database Administration at Hatch May 27, 2011, Sukumar worked with Mark in the same group Sukumar is a very technical and competent IT professional who knows the ETL and data warehousing subjects in great detail. I was able to ask him any question and he was able to not only answer the question, but explain it thoroughly and suggest alternatives. He is very hard-working and I could always depend on him to give a logical,thoughtful solution. Sukumar is a valuable asset to any team. Senthilkumaravelan K Senior Application Software Engineer- Emerging Technologies, World Wide Developer Systems Apple March 4, 2012, Senthilkumaravelan worked with Sukumar in the same group Senthil is a fantastic person to work with.He is a proactive and responsible colleague with a great skill to analyze and summarize ideas. He consistently delivers high quality work , meets or exceeds deadlines, and assists his co-workers at every opportunity. When you get to connect with him, you'll discover an amazing person with unique skills.Senthil is a great asset to any company. Mark Sandico Technical Lead, Database Administration at Hatch May 30, 2011, Mark worked with Sukumar in the same group Mark is a professional DBA who has great passion for his job.He is very proactive and is always ahead of the curve ball in terms of anticipating any possible issues - cpu/memory utilization, storage allocation, and network bottlenecks.He has made excellent recommendations on configuration of our database transaction instances, hardware architecture, and strategy to support near-term and long-term business requirements.He is a selfless contributor to the team as well as a valuable and trusted technical resource.Mark will be an extremely valuable technical asset to any organization. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests FNF Canada 1,273 followers Scotiabank 217,717 followers Informatica Developers Group 29,901 members Amazon Web Services 260,336 followers LoyaltyOne 49,526 followers Staff IT Search Group Inc. 3,870 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sipho has a account Sipho Mhlongo Data Analyst at Nedbank FNB University of the Free State | Universiteit van die Vrystaat Johannesburg Area, South Africa 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Business Intelligence Analyst Company Name FNB Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Data Analyst Company Name Nedbank Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Draws conclusions and makes recommendations based on qualitative or quantitative data. • Quickly absorb new information and apply it when analyzing data for decision making? • Gather information to better understand issues, problems, and opportunities? • Analyze information from a variety of sources to detect trends, associations, and cause-effect relationships? • Recommend the most effective course of action after evaluating options against decision criteria Business Analyst MI/BI Company Name Liberty Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Relational database design and system upgrades. Data Analysis, Data Mining and creating Technical reports for stakeholders Using SQL and Qlikview for reporting. SAS Information Analyst Company Name ABSA Dates Employed May 2010 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Pretoria Develop SAS, management Information Reports Automating Recurring SAS jobs , System development and documentation controlsComputer operation (Scheduling, production batch processing) Extraction of data from Oracle database Forecasting and Predictive Analysis Education University of the Free State | Universiteit van die Vrystaat Degree Name B.com(Statistics) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Kovsgem House Tswelopele Bankuna High School Degree Name Matric Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements SAS See 29 endorsements for SAS 29 SAS Endorsed by 7 of Sipho’s colleagues at Nedbank Endorsed by 9 people who know SAS Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 11 endorsements for Data Mining 11 Data Mining Endorsed by 4 of Sipho’s colleagues at Nedbank Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 11 endorsements for Data Analysis 11 Data Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Sipho’s colleagues at Nedbank Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Analytics Pro 12,527 members Nielsen 360,114 followers Winnie ByanyimaWinnie Byanyima is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Director at Oxfam 149,072 followers Naspers Limited 34,940 followers MTN 103,622 followers Sasol 145,145 followers See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Poole Senior Project Manager at ASOS.com ASOS.com University of East Anglia Sutton, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent An accomplished, commercially aware senior business analyst with many years experience of delivering and managing projects and consulting engagements within the retail, financial and public sectors. I have an extensive background in technical and advisory consulting, solution design and also as a delivery project manager. I have excellent people and project management acumen as well as extensive experience in analysing business challenges and devising solutions. I have good problem solving skills and adept at communicating to stakeholders at all levels.Key Competencies:Business AnalysisCertified Scrum Product Owner Project ManagementAgile - ScrumPRINCE2Professional Services ManagementMicroStrategy - (Certified Engineer)Data modelling (logical and physical). Kimball and Inmon.Data warehouse design, Star/snowflake schemas, ETL designReport and Dashboard design and implementationMobile BIOracle, DB2, Teradata, Netezza, SQLServer 2014 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Richard’s Activity 702 followers Very interesting couple of days visiting MicroStrategy's headquarters. Getting to know more about their roadmap. Really exciting features coming up! Richard liked See all activity Experience Senior Project Manager Company Name ASOS.com Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location London, United Kingdom Lead Business Analyst, Business Intelligence Company Name ASOS.com Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom As a Lead Business Analyst at ASOS I am accountable for the business requirements and strategic shaping for the BI programme, ensuring alignment to key business objectives and goals, where the advice given and the decisions made will have a measurable impact on the profitability or effectiveness of the business.Reporting to the Head of Technology - Data Services I lead a team of 4 business analysts who are focused on enabling the ASOS business to achieve business objectives using data. This often results in incremental improvements to the Enterprise Data Warehouse platform. Senior Consultant and Professional Services Manager Company Name MicroStrategy Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom The Professional Services Manager is a frontline manager with a 50/50 split between billable technical engagements and services management. In this role I was responsible for the successful delivery of consulting services. I was also responsible for the management of consulting personnel, which includes participation in staffing decisions, performance reviews, and career development support. In this role I was also responsible for growing revenue in assigned accounts, primarily through effective account and engagement management.The technical aspects of my role include:• MicroStrategy architecture and project design• Logical and physical data modelling and data warehouse solution design (Kimball and Inmon styles)• Report and dashboard development• Software installation, upgrade, configuration and maintenance• Project Management, BI Strategy and roadmap planning• Working with Oracle, DB2, Teradata and Netezza Senior Consultant Company Name MicroStrategy Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Responsible for the delivery of high quality Business Intelligence solutions to clients across the public, retail and pharmaceutical sectors. Designed and implemented end to end solutions using MicroStrategy and provided consulting on best practice and implementation of client’s BI strategy using MicroStrategy.• MicroStrategy Certified Engineer (MicroStrategy 8.x and MicroStrategy 9.x)• MicroStrategy architect and project designer• Data warehouse design• Logical and physical data modelling and data warehouse solution design• Report and dashboard development• MicroStrategy installation, upgrade, configuration, administration and maintenance• Working with Oracle, DB2, Teradata and Netezza Consultant Company Name Logica Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 8 mos ETL / BI Design Architect on a software project to upgrade a large Business Intelligence platform for O2. See more positions Education University of East Anglia Degree Name BSc (Hons) Field Of Study Business Information Systems Grade 2.1 Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Gravesend Grammar for boys Field Of Study A-Levels Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 61 endorsements for Business Intelligence 61 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Francine Mukanama and 33 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Richard’s colleagues at ASOS.com Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 45 endorsements for Data Warehousing 45 Data Warehousing Endorsed by Wasim Ahmad and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Richard’s colleagues at ASOS.com Click and drag to reorder skills Microstrategy See 29 endorsements for Microstrategy 29 Microstrategy Endorsed by 4 of Richard’s colleagues at MicroStrategy Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (9) Given (0) Dhiren Modha Account Manager at MicroStrategy Middle East October 10, 2012, Dhiren worked with Richard in different groups Having worked with Richard for a number of years I can say that he has been and continues to be pivotal in his role at winning new services business whilst ensuring that every customer project he is responsible for is managed diligently with the focus on customer success. Richard is exceptional at managing stakeholder expectation and dealing with large-scale complex projects. The way in which he engages with account managers as well as managing and motivating his team is also at the heart of his success. Having won significant pieces of business with Richard by my side he is and will continue to be a valuable asset to any organisation he works for. Brian Ganly at Carphone Warehouse October 9, 2012, Richard was a client of Brian’s I have worked with Richard for almost 2 years. He has performed the role of Technical Architect and advisor and Professional services manager for MicroStrategy. In that time Richard has provided excellent advice and creative solutions to some very complex problems. The professional services provided by his MicroStrategy team have been industry leading and the resulting outputs have transformed the areas to which they have been deployed. I have no hesitation in recommending Richard. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Richard has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Scrum Product Owner Richard has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests University of East Anglia 64,145 followers Colt Technology Services 71,936 followers CIO Magazine 23,236 followers BA Jobs 90,266 members IIBA 24,107 followers University of East Anglia 67,350 followers See all See all following
More Actions Luis has a account Luis Rivera Shotlink Graphics Coordinator at PGA TOUR PGA TOUR Jacksonville University Jacksonville, Florida Area 400 400 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Shotlink Data Analyst Company Name PGA TOUR Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Ponte Vedra Beach, FL •Create clear, concise and entertaining presentation of potentially complex information and analysis. •Assist in testing of new statistics and corresponding presentations.•Provide thought leadership for the TOUR in improving the analysis from the data. Coordinate across all ShotLink resources in the TOUR and work across multiple groups and platforms.•Work closely with IDS and PGA TOUR IS regarding the development of solutions and enhancements. •Assist all broadcast partners in their ongoing efforts to effectively communicate ShotLink data and information in their telecasts. Senior Sales Advisor Company Name DriveTime Dates Employed 2011 – 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Jacksonville, Florida Area • Forecast trends and objectives for sales and key expenses on a weekly and monthly basis• Conduct daily sales training meetings and weekly audits on Sales Advisors performance• Understand and comply with federal, state and local regulations that affect used-vehicle sales • Underwrite loans by examining documents to determine degree of risk• Oversee the efforts of Sales Advisors to enhance the image and customer satisfaction ratings of the dealership Sales Advisor Company Name DriveTime Dates Employed Aug 2010 – 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Demostration Technician Company Name Acushnet Titleist [Thailand] Ltd. Dates Employed Aug 2002 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 8 yrs 5 mos Sales Associate Company Name David Gates Golf Dates Employed Jan 1996 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 14 yrs 8 mos *Personalized individual service utilizing my professioanl expertise to increase customer skill and performance through custom fitting and swing analysis for all levels of players.*Increased sales by 10% through creative marketing and efficient advertising tools.*Maintained current equipment knowledge with manufacture research, representative interviews and live equipment demostrations. See more positions Education Jacksonville University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Communications; Minor: Business PGA TOUR— Ponte Vedra Beach, FLIntern, Summer • Wrote scripts for PGA TOUR television coverage on major U.S. networks.• Logged over 1,000 hours of tournament footage.• Reviewed the PGA TOUR’s television contracts for compliance purposes.• Trained with PGA TOUR’s top producers and assisted with on-air interviews and golf features. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Jacksonville University 22,492 followers Jacksonville University Alumni 3,085 members Pulse 1,535,235 followers Jacksonville University 21,591 followers PGA TOUR 45,034 followers
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Poole Senior Project Manager at ASOS.com ASOS.com University of East Anglia Sutton, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent An accomplished, commercially aware senior business analyst with many years experience of delivering and managing projects and consulting engagements within the retail, financial and public sectors. I have an extensive background in technical and advisory consulting, solution design and also as a delivery project manager. I have excellent people and project management acumen as well as extensive experience in analysing business challenges and devising solutions. I have good problem solving skills and adept at communicating to stakeholders at all levels.Key Competencies:Business AnalysisCertified Scrum Product Owner Project ManagementAgile - ScrumPRINCE2Professional Services ManagementMicroStrategy - (Certified Engineer)Data modelling (logical and physical). Kimball and Inmon.Data warehouse design, Star/snowflake schemas, ETL designReport and Dashboard design and implementationMobile BIOracle, DB2, Teradata, Netezza, SQLServer 2014 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Richard’s Activity 702 followers Very interesting couple of days visiting MicroStrategy's headquarters. Getting to know more about their roadmap. Really exciting features coming up! Richard liked See all activity Experience Senior Project Manager Company Name ASOS.com Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location London, United Kingdom Lead Business Analyst, Business Intelligence Company Name ASOS.com Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom As a Lead Business Analyst at ASOS I am accountable for the business requirements and strategic shaping for the BI programme, ensuring alignment to key business objectives and goals, where the advice given and the decisions made will have a measurable impact on the profitability or effectiveness of the business.Reporting to the Head of Technology - Data Services I lead a team of 4 business analysts who are focused on enabling the ASOS business to achieve business objectives using data. This often results in incremental improvements to the Enterprise Data Warehouse platform. Senior Consultant and Professional Services Manager Company Name MicroStrategy Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom The Professional Services Manager is a frontline manager with a 50/50 split between billable technical engagements and services management. In this role I was responsible for the successful delivery of consulting services. I was also responsible for the management of consulting personnel, which includes participation in staffing decisions, performance reviews, and career development support. In this role I was also responsible for growing revenue in assigned accounts, primarily through effective account and engagement management.The technical aspects of my role include:• MicroStrategy architecture and project design• Logical and physical data modelling and data warehouse solution design (Kimball and Inmon styles)• Report and dashboard development• Software installation, upgrade, configuration and maintenance• Project Management, BI Strategy and roadmap planning• Working with Oracle, DB2, Teradata and Netezza Senior Consultant Company Name MicroStrategy Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Responsible for the delivery of high quality Business Intelligence solutions to clients across the public, retail and pharmaceutical sectors. Designed and implemented end to end solutions using MicroStrategy and provided consulting on best practice and implementation of client’s BI strategy using MicroStrategy.• MicroStrategy Certified Engineer (MicroStrategy 8.x and MicroStrategy 9.x)• MicroStrategy architect and project designer• Data warehouse design• Logical and physical data modelling and data warehouse solution design• Report and dashboard development• MicroStrategy installation, upgrade, configuration, administration and maintenance• Working with Oracle, DB2, Teradata and Netezza Consultant Company Name Logica Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 8 mos ETL / BI Design Architect on a software project to upgrade a large Business Intelligence platform for O2. See more positions Education University of East Anglia Degree Name BSc (Hons) Field Of Study Business Information Systems Grade 2.1 Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Gravesend Grammar for boys Field Of Study A-Levels Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 61 endorsements for Business Intelligence 61 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Francine Mukanama and 33 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Richard’s colleagues at ASOS.com Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 45 endorsements for Data Warehousing 45 Data Warehousing Endorsed by Wasim Ahmad and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Richard’s colleagues at ASOS.com Click and drag to reorder skills Microstrategy See 29 endorsements for Microstrategy 29 Microstrategy Endorsed by 4 of Richard’s colleagues at MicroStrategy Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (9) Given (0) Dhiren Modha Account Manager at MicroStrategy Middle East October 10, 2012, Dhiren worked with Richard in different groups Having worked with Richard for a number of years I can say that he has been and continues to be pivotal in his role at winning new services business whilst ensuring that every customer project he is responsible for is managed diligently with the focus on customer success. Richard is exceptional at managing stakeholder expectation and dealing with large-scale complex projects. The way in which he engages with account managers as well as managing and motivating his team is also at the heart of his success. Having won significant pieces of business with Richard by my side he is and will continue to be a valuable asset to any organisation he works for. Brian Ganly at Carphone Warehouse October 9, 2012, Richard was a client of Brian’s I have worked with Richard for almost 2 years. He has performed the role of Technical Architect and advisor and Professional services manager for MicroStrategy. In that time Richard has provided excellent advice and creative solutions to some very complex problems. The professional services provided by his MicroStrategy team have been industry leading and the resulting outputs have transformed the areas to which they have been deployed. I have no hesitation in recommending Richard. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Richard has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Scrum Product Owner Richard has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Technology 20,769,575 followers CIO Magazine 23,236 followers Aiimi 483 followers ASOS.com 212,105 followers Colt Technology Services 71,936 followers University of East Anglia 67,350 followers See all See all following
More Actions Les has a account Les King Director, Big Data, Analytics, Database and Cloud Data Solutions IBM University of Toronto Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an Information Management and Data Management professional with 25+ years of experience in industry and with some experience in academia. My particular areas of expertise include, but are not restricted to, data management systems, business intelligence and data warehousing, OLTP, OLAP, analytics, operational analytics and big data. I am also very familiar with how the above interact in cloud, mobile and NOSQL type environments. I have 24 years of experience with IBM DB2 as well as experience with other database management systems such as Informix, solidDB, SQLServer - and - newer technologies such as Spark, Hadoop, BigInsights, BigSQL, Cloudant and Compose.I started as a developer and continue to periodically teach development courses at post-secondary education institutions in Toronto. Working in academia has always been a passion of mine and I have experience as a professor of Mathematics and Computer Science at both University of Toronto and Seneca College. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Big Data, Database, Analytics and Cloud Data Services Solutions Company Name IBM Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area I work with IBM clients and potential clients to help them understand how they can work to evolve their existing IT/data infrastructure to a modernized Hybrid Cloud and/or Hybrid Analytic environment. This includes dealing with Systems of Insight, Systems of Engagement and Systems of Record. This also includes discussing concepts such as Logical Data Warehouses, Data Lakes, etc. Professor of Computer Science Company Name Seneca College of Applied Arts and Technology Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Responsible for teaching various computer science subjects including Advanced Unix Shell Programming, Introduction to DB2, Introduction to Data Warehousing and Introduction to Big Data Director, Information Management Product Management, Strategy and Sales Company Name IBM Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Toronto, Canada Area Responsible for world-wide product management of the distributed data servers within Information Management. This includes products such as DB2, Informix, solidDB, and the Management and Performance tools. My primary responsibilities are to outline the future go-to-market and technology strategy of this portfolio, define key plays for sales and ensure we deliver offerings to achieve our current revenue targets and grow future market opportunities. In this role I work closely with the entire Information Management portfolio which includes IBM’s data servers, data governance offerings, data server tooling, information integration and master data management. This includes the delivery of appliances as well as software only offerings to the market. Director, Info Mgmnt Solutions & Warehouse Development Company Name IBM Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Responsible for a world-wide development team of approximately 500 developers and testers. This team had responsibility for our DB2 based Warehouse offerings. We delivered several key offerings to the market and defined the basis of a future deliverable as well. Deliverables took the form of both appliances and software only offerings. This development team was in several different countries around the world, including India, China, Ireland, Brazil, US and Canada. Director, Data Management Customer Support Company Name IBM Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Responsible for a world-wide customer support team of approximately 200 technical support analysts. This team was responsible for what we call Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 customer support, as well as the delivery of our software fixes to the market. This support team was in several different countries around the world, including India, China, England, Brazil, Russia, US and Canada. This team covered support for all of our data servers and associated tools. See more positions Education University of Toronto Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Mathematics and Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1990 University of Toronto Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Mathematics and Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1990 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 74 endorsements for Business Intelligence 74 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Michael Hiskey and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 50 of Les’ colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Cloud Computing See 57 endorsements for Cloud Computing 57 Cloud Computing Endorsed by Leon Katsnelson and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 39 of Les’ colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 53 endorsements for Data Warehousing 53 Data Warehousing Endorsed by Lee Goddard and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 40 of Les’ colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Susan Sterling Senior Software Engineer at IBM September 23, 2015, Les worked with Susan but at different companies Susan and I have worked together for over a decade. Susan has a high level of experience and dedication associated with database-based projects. Susan is also a team player and has been a pleasure to work with over the last decade. William Kulju Helping Prospects see the Awesome in Big Data June 25, 2013, Les managed William directly William is a very thorough, details oriented product manager who is very customer focused and is very good at project management. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,235 followers IBM 3,427,663 followers DB2 UDB DBA 10,436 members Seneca College 142,782 followers Product Management 112,727 members Big Data, Analytics, Business Intelligence & Visualization Experts Community 232,443 members See all See all following
More Actions Luis has a account Luis Rivera Shotlink Graphics Coordinator at PGA TOUR PGA TOUR Jacksonville University Jacksonville, Florida Area 400 400 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Shotlink Data Analyst Company Name PGA TOUR Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Ponte Vedra Beach, FL •Create clear, concise and entertaining presentation of potentially complex information and analysis. •Assist in testing of new statistics and corresponding presentations.•Provide thought leadership for the TOUR in improving the analysis from the data. Coordinate across all ShotLink resources in the TOUR and work across multiple groups and platforms.•Work closely with IDS and PGA TOUR IS regarding the development of solutions and enhancements. •Assist all broadcast partners in their ongoing efforts to effectively communicate ShotLink data and information in their telecasts. Senior Sales Advisor Company Name DriveTime Dates Employed 2011 – 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Jacksonville, Florida Area • Forecast trends and objectives for sales and key expenses on a weekly and monthly basis• Conduct daily sales training meetings and weekly audits on Sales Advisors performance• Understand and comply with federal, state and local regulations that affect used-vehicle sales • Underwrite loans by examining documents to determine degree of risk• Oversee the efforts of Sales Advisors to enhance the image and customer satisfaction ratings of the dealership Sales Advisor Company Name DriveTime Dates Employed Aug 2010 – 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Demostration Technician Company Name Acushnet Titleist [Thailand] Ltd. Dates Employed Aug 2002 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 8 yrs 5 mos Sales Associate Company Name David Gates Golf Dates Employed Jan 1996 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 14 yrs 8 mos *Personalized individual service utilizing my professioanl expertise to increase customer skill and performance through custom fitting and swing analysis for all levels of players.*Increased sales by 10% through creative marketing and efficient advertising tools.*Maintained current equipment knowledge with manufacture research, representative interviews and live equipment demostrations. See more positions Education Jacksonville University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Communications; Minor: Business PGA TOUR— Ponte Vedra Beach, FLIntern, Summer • Wrote scripts for PGA TOUR television coverage on major U.S. networks.• Logged over 1,000 hours of tournament footage.• Reviewed the PGA TOUR’s television contracts for compliance purposes.• Trained with PGA TOUR’s top producers and assisted with on-air interviews and golf features. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests PGA TOUR 45,034 followers Pulse 1,535,235 followers Jacksonville University 22,492 followers Jacksonville University Alumni 3,085 members Jacksonville University 21,591 followers
More Actions Shane has a account Shane Lampert Senior Product Operations Manager at DraftKings, Inc. DraftKings, Inc. Cornell University Greater Boston Area 440 440 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Manager of Analytics and Game Operations Company Name DraftKings, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Greater Boston Area Corporate & Investment Bank Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Manhattan, NY Summer Business Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Manhattan, NY Summer Business Analyst in Treasury & Securities Services Teaching Assistant for Finance Company Name Cornell University Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Real Estate Financial Intern Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos Intern at Fidelity Real Estate Company See more positions Education Cornell University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Policy Analysis and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 12 endorsements for Data Analysis 12 Data Analysis Endorsed by Hua Szu Yang, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Shane’s colleagues at DraftKings, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Stata See 8 endorsements for Stata 8 Stata Jeffrey L. Lampert and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 7 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 7 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 2 of Shane’s colleagues at DraftKings, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cornell University Alumni Network 66,029 members DraftKings, Inc. 10,153 followers Cornell University 265,749 followers Pulse 1,535,235 followers
More Actions Colin has a account Colin Gerber Business Data Analyst at Intuit Intuit University of California, Berkeley - School of Information Greater San Diego Area 413 413 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a recent graduate of the UC Berkeley School of Information where I am getting my Master of Information Management and Systems. It is a very interdisciplinary program that explores all of the facets of big data.I am also doing a Homeland Security Fellowship in Nuclear Forensics at UC Berkeley. We are creating databases and statistical tools to improve techniques in the field of Nuclear Forensics. I previously worked in a Neurophysiological Pharmacology lab doing Parkinson's Disease research using in-Vivo recordings. We looked at oscillations of neuronal firing in the basal thalamocortical loop and its relation to motor deficits commonly seen in Parkinson's Disease. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Business Data Analyst Company Name Intuit Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Business Data Analyst Company Name Intuit Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Global Marketing Data Scientist - Contractor Company Name Illumina Dates Employed Aug 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Homeland Security Fellowship - Nuclear Forensics Company Name UC Berkeley Dates Employed Aug 2013 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos - Using Python to create a program that matches unknown nuclear fuel samples to the most likely nuclear reactors that the samples could have come from. The program was created using python libraries including Pandas, Scipy, and Numpy. Global Marketing Intern Company Name Illumina Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater San Diego Area - Developed an automated system to generate and report metrics to business units. Used python and SQL during for the development. See more positions Education University of California, Berkeley - School of Information Degree Name MIMS, Master of Information Management and Systems Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 The UC Berkeley School of Information - http://www.ischool.berkeley.edu/programs/mims University of California, Santa Barbara Degree Name BS Field Of Study Biopsychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 9 endorsements for Python 9 Python Endorsed by Jason Ost and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Colin’s colleagues at University of California, Berkeley Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 11 endorsements for Data Analysis 11 Data Analysis Endorsed by Anna Swigart and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Colin’s colleagues at University of California, Berkeley Click and drag to reorder skills Science See 5 endorsements for Science 5 Science Jeffrey Chau and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Colin has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects PLOS Cloud Explorer Clinical Trials Browser CensusMapper Recasting Nuclear Forensics as a Digital Library Search Problem Colin has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Effects of L-dopa priming on cortical high beta and high gamma oscillatory activity in a rodent model of Parkinson's disease. Interests UCSB Alumni Association 29,986 members University of California, Berkeley 498,458 followers Intuit 135,203 followers University of California, Santa Barbara 169,133 followers UC Berkeley School of Information 1,583 followers University of California, Santa Barbara Alumni Network 19,674 members See all See all following
More Actions Grace has a account Grace Waring Physician Compensation Manager at Aurora Health Care Aurora Health Care University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire Milwaukee, Wisconsin 97 97 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Advanced skill and interest in automation, organization and standardization • Data analysis using multiple platforms and data sources• Extensive knowledge of financial principles and compliance within national healthcare regulations• Strong work ethic -meets or pre-empts deadlines • Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to work effectively with teams of all sizes, across departments including senior leadership• Initiates development and implementation of best practices for data integrity See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Physician Compensation Manager Company Name Aurora Health Care Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Physician Compensation Analyst Sr Company Name Aurora Health Care Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater Milwaukee Area Physician Data Analyst Company Name Aurora Health Care Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Financial & Business Analysis• Complies, manipulates, interprets, and analyzes business and operational data • Develops, recommends, and implements plans for compensation as well as benefits, finance, and human resource needs• Planning the communication around reporting and implementation of enterprise changes• Experience working with advanced proactive providers and physician compensation plans salaries as well as incentive plans and bonuses• Analyzes, adjudicates, and implements cross-system quality bonuses based on key financials, care management, patient experience, and scheduling markers• Develops and implements physician compensation—compliant with Stark and Sunshine Laws and based on National surveys and intercompany data • Monthly accrual reporting of physician production and quality via Epic and PeopleSoft reporting• Designs, automates, and implements standardized physician production trackingInformation Systems • Designs, customizes, generates, and analyzes reporting through Microsoft Access, Crystal reporting, and Oracle reporting• Developed and implemented automated, cross-system physician reporting for 1,500+ physician group• Creates and maintains data crosswalks and dictionaries for data warehousing.• Creates, distributes, and maintains specialized dashboard reports through Tableau• Maintains the integrity of data to ensure accuracy, including audits that identify and correct issues, and developing process improvement methodologies.• Coordinates operational and technical issues to ensure for accurate and timely reporting through Clarity Data Modeling• Collaborates and manages IT projects within department for system wide use• Advanced work with VBA to develop automation within excel reporting and analyticsDatabases and Reporting Tools• Office Suites• Visual Basic• SQL• Oracle• JavaScript• PeopleSoft• Epic Chronicle Workbench Reporting• Epic Clarity Reporting• Crystal Reporting• Kronos Time Entry Systems• Tableau EyeCare Associate Company Name Luxottica Retail North America Dates Employed Sep 2008 – May 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Provided Optometrist support working with patient's insurance/billing, providing pre-screening tests and any post visit follw up. Memeber Services Company Name Wisconsin Athletic Club, LLC Dates Employed 2010 – 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Education University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Study focus on Applied Ethics and Symbolic Logic University of Wisconsin - Eau claire Degree Name Bachelor's degree Volunteer Experience Child Care Provider Company Name Literacy Volunteers - Chippewa Valley Dates volunteered Oct 2006 – Sep 2010 Volunteer duration 4 yrs Cause Children Provided engaged childcare for adults enrolls in literacy volunteer courses to achieve citizenship and/or GEDs. Worked with children on language, fine and large motor skills and socialization. Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 11 endorsements for Analysis 11 Analysis Richard Ward and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 9 endorsements for Project Management 9 Project Management Richard Ward and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Healthcare See 10 endorsements for Healthcare 10 Healthcare Richard Ward and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Grace has 6 courses 6 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Excel Practices Epic Clarity Data Modeling and Resolute Professional Billing Getting and Cleaning Data Information Mapping Interactive Programming using Python Tableau Desktop 8 Interests Aurora Health Care 30,901 followers Infographics & Data Visualization 7,900 members University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire 51,359 followers Tableau Software 201,877 followers Pulse 1,535,237 followers University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire 50,171 followers
More Actions Vanessa has a account Vanessa Sabino Digital analytics specialist Shopify Universidade de São Paulo Toronto, Ontario, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I provide meaning and context to data so that Marketing users can make informed decisions that improve the business every day. I achieve this goal by putting together my skills in Business, Applied Mathematics and Computer programming - fields which I've been involved in for nearly 20 years.It all started in 1997 with my B.S. in Business Administration, in which I acquired a good understanding of different ways quantitative methods could contribute to a company success, and then I joined Accenture, where I had the opportunity to work with several large organizations and started gearing my career towards technology. After almost three years working in consulting, I went back to school for a Bachelor in Applied Mathematics followed by a Masters in Computer Science. At that time I was working as a Java developer at large internet companies in Brazil, but I missed the involvement with business decisions, therefore in 2010 I started focusing in Digital Analytics. When a recruiter from Rocket Internet invited me to lead that area in a new ecommerce startup soon to be launched, I jumped at the opportunity, and in less than two years Dafiti became the leading fashion ecommerce in Brazil and expanded to other countries. As a result, I won the Ecommerce Brazil Award 2012 in the metrics category. In the end of 2012 I moved to Canada and joined Shopify, where I currently lead the Data & Analytics team that supports the Marketing area. If you'd like to join me on this awesome journey, use the link below to apply for a position at Shopify! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analysis Lead Company Name Shopify Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area My goal is to help the company, and especially the Marketing team, make better decisions through the use of data.Our business generates an enormous amount of data every day, from clicks in our website to sales in hundreds of thousands stores that run in our platform. To extract value out of this data, we start by applying dimensional modeling techniques to build a data warehouse that provides high quality information that everyone can explore to find new insights. We get data from several sources, such as internal databases, APIs, and Kafka, and we use PySpark to run our ETLs and generate our tables. Then we use Tableau to create reports and dashboards and to allow business users to answer some of their questions in a self-service way. But at the same time we work closely with them to perform advanced analysis and help them better understand the effects of our past actions and find opportunities to optimize for our future. Media (2) This position has 2 media Interview for NSERC/Pratt & Whitney Canada Chair for Women in Science and Engineering - Ontario Interview for NSERC/Pratt & Whitney Canada Chair for Women in Science and Engineering - Ontario This media is a link "Constantly Ask Why" - Interview with Data Scientist Vanessa Sabino "Constantly Ask Why" - Interview with Data Scientist Vanessa Sabino This media is a link Marketing Intelligence Manager Company Name Dafiti Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location São Paulo Area, Brazil My role at Dafiti involved leading a team to provide tracking, analytics, and reporting support to the company's marketing efforts in Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Colombia and Mexico.Having started even before the site was launched, I was responsible for defining the whole tracking strategy to measure marketing campaigns and customer behavior, from the tools and tracking code implemented on the site to the URL parameters used by each channel, assuring the consistency and reliability of the data collected.I analyzed and reported on marketing campaigns across multiple channels (including Display, Search, Affiliates, Comparison Shopping, Social Media, E-mail Marketing, Retargeting, organic and offline campaigns), consolidating data from internal and external sources to support the decision process and optimize the results. In March/2012, Dafiti was ranked as the top display advertiser in Brazil by comScore.During my time at Dafiti, I received the award "Prêmio E-Commerce Brasil 2012", in the Metrics category. Media (2) This position has 2 media Exploring the Google Analytics API Exploring the Google Analytics API This media is a document Um Usuário, Múltiplos Canais Um Usuário, Múltiplos Canais This media is a document Software Developer Company Name BuscaPé Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 10 mos Location São Paulo Area, Brazil I was responsible for the development of new features of BuscaPé, the main comparison shopping site in Brazil. Some of the sections that I've worked with were:- companies rating;- new company details page, including map, videos and reviews;- pictures and videos for products, including the process that allowed users to submit their own content;- tools page, which showcased the main features of the site.My work involved coordinating with the front-end team the functional specifications received and developing the features using technologies such as Java, XML (XSL/XPath) and JavaScript.In addition, I worked with analysis of performance and improvements of the code; implementation of web analytics tools; and identification of issues through Google Analytics. System Analyst Company Name UOL Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location São Paulo Area, Brazil Development of the billing platform, which is composed of several systems that communicate with each other and are highly scalable, reliable, fault-tolerant and secure.Responsibilities:- Design and implementation of RESTful webservices.- Development of unit, component and integration tests.- Log Analysis. Lead Mobile Programmer Company Name Devworks Dates Employed Feb 2004 – May 2004 Employment Duration 4 mos Development of games for mobile phones using JME technology (MIDP 1 and MIDP 2) See more positions Education Universidade de São Paulo Degree Name Ms Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Computer Science Media (1) This position has 1 media Um Estudo Sistemático de Licenças de Software Livre Um Estudo Sistemático de Licenças de Software Livre This media is a document Universidade de São Paulo Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computational and Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Applied Mathematics FGV - Fundação Getulio Vargas Degree Name BA Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Business Administration Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 6 endorsements for Data Analysis 6 Data Analysis Endorsed by Sarah Siu, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Vanessa’s colleagues at Shopify Click and drag to reorder skills Web Analytics See 35 endorsements for Web Analytics 35 Web Analytics Endorsed by Eduardo Cereto Carvalho and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Vanessa’s colleagues at Shopify Click and drag to reorder skills E-commerce See 33 endorsements for E-commerce 33 E-commerce Endorsed by Vitor de Mesquita and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Vanessa’s colleagues at Shopify Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Vanessa has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Computing for Data Analysis Creating and Managing the Analytical Business Culture Introduction to Data Science Measuring Marketing Campaigns Online Model Thinking The Best and the Worst of Predictive Analytics: Predictive Modeling Methods and Common Data Mining Mistakes Web Intelligence and Big Data Vanessa has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Google Analytics Individual Qualification Sun Certified Java Programmer Sun Certified Web Component Developer Vanessa has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Spanish Vanessa has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Prêmio E-Commerce Brasil 2012 - Categoria Métricas Vanessa has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Licenças de Software Livre: História e Classificação Interests FGV - Fundação Getulio Vargas 579,287 followers Digital Analytics Québec, Canada 1,468 members Google Analytics 114,145 members DATA MARKETING TORONTO 2,050 members Pulse 1,535,237 followers E-Commerce Network 218,302 members See all See all following
More Actions Micah has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Micah Stubbs interactive data visualization for machine learning practice Rocana University of Tulsa San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent What motivates me? Crafting intuitive, interactive visualizations that generate new insight. Done well, data visualization enables human analysts to reason about machine-scale datasets. I'm fascinated with information graphics, human perception and interaction design. I've built interactive data discovery tools on production data from energy trade risk management and liquids measurement systems.I thoroughly enjoy exploring data visualization practice and theory with fellow practitioners at meetups, user groups, and conferences. Talks:H2O Open Tour - 2016 - Residuals Visualization - video: https://youtu.be/9eQl6dmugqYBay Area D3 User Group - 2015 - readme-vis: a d3 examples citation networkDFW Data Visualization & Infographics Meetup - 2015 - an introduction to d3jsHouston R Users Group - 2015 - similarity statistics for categorical data in RHouston Data Visualization Meetup - 2015 - Intro to Scalable Vector GraphicsHouston Energy Data Science Meetup - 2015 - Visual Data Science with d3jsHouston R Users Group - 2015 - parsing commodity price data from text files with RHouston R Users Group - 2015 - using R to retrieve market data from the Quandl APIHouston Data Visualization Meetup - 2014 - a dataviz workflow with R and d3jsHouston Data Visualization Meetup - 2014 - Hands On with World Cup Data In TableauHouston Data Visualization Meetup - 2013 - Houston Demographic Data in Tableauwant to talk about data visualization? feel free to connect with me using my email address: micah.stubbs@gmail.com or on twitter @micahstubbs See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Software Engineer Company Name Rocana Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area machine learning + information visualization for the datacenter event streamhttps://www.rocana.com/ truth and beauty operator Company Name intentive information design Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area data visualization for good Senior Data Visualization Engineer Company Name H2O.ai Dates Employed Apr 2016 – May 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area at h2o.ai we built immersive visual experiences and modern web interfaces for deep learning Data Visualization Engineer Company Name Arimo, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Data visualization for distributed systems, deep learning, and collaborative data science. Arimo delivers business-ready Big Apps for enterprises that need deeper, faster insight to critical business questions. Arimo is the first to provide a unified interface for business and data science users across the enterprise to collaborate and drive high-quality decisions. Easy to use and deploy, the Arimo Data Intelligence Platform runs on existing Hadoop data stores, allowing businesses to begin generating value from distributed data within minutes.At Arimo, I built real-time interactive visualizations and APIs in Javascript, R, and Python that made data easy to understand and access across the team. I contributed to SmartQuery, which parses natural language queries and automatically displays a relevant data visualization for a given the dataset and analytics task. I worked closely with data scientists, deep learning engineers, and the product team to ideate and translate concepts into concrete data visualization products. From these conversations I built what I’ll boldly describe as beautiful and informative data visualizations, using d3.js and cutting-edge web technologies. I maintained and extended a grammar of graphics-inspired javascript library of reusable chart components. This library enabled us to quickly prototype new interactive visualizations. I’m passionate about open source software and enjoy contributing examples and novel visualization techniques back to the broader d3.js community. Organizer Company Name Houston Data Visualization Meetup Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Houston, Texas Area The Houston Data Visualization Meetup is a place to share experiences with information visualization. We talk about the software tools we use and the interactive graphics that inspire us.http://www.meetup.com/Houston-Data-Visualization-Meetup/ See more positions Education University of Tulsa Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 National Merit Scholar, University of Tulsa Presidential Scholar Featured Skills & Endorsements d3.js See 14 endorsements for d3.js 14 d3.js Dmitry Larko and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Visualization See 22 endorsements for Data Visualization 22 Data Visualization Endorsed by 5 of Micah’s colleagues at Arimo, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Information Design See 7 endorsements for Information Design 7 Information Design Dmitry Larko and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Steve Jones Database Administration Manager August 1, 2014, Micah worked with Steve in different groups Steve is quick and responsive. I appreciate how he is open about what he needs to complete a request. Steve has provided invaluable help accessing the production application data I build reports and visualizations from. Rishi Shah -- July 24, 2013, Micah worked with Rishi but at different companies I enjoyed working with Rishi on the City Fee UI project, which began at the Houston Open Innovation Hackathon. Rishi selected a javascript module to enable client side search filtering of the fee data using JSON and jQuery. Rishi customized the Filter.js module for our web app. In response to end-user requests, Rishi updated the ranking of the search results with a nested sort() function. I've collaborated with Rishi remotely too - he responds quickly to issues opened on github. Rishi also worked to improve our app's performance. The entire fees data JSON object is now sent to the client on the first visit, and then on future visits only updated if the MD5 hash differs from the hash of server-side JSON. This dramatically improved the time to return search results in the app. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Micah has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations SixThirtyOne Public Radio Tulsa, radioTU Student Association of the University of Tulsa Micah has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Virtual Reality Streaming // WebRTC + Gigabit Fiber EnLink RightAngle Implementation - NGLs + Crude Interests Global Geophysical Services 10,019 followers Airbnb 359,355 followers Knomatic 100 followers Helmerich & Payne 17,919 followers Cubiq, Inc. 14 followers Culture Pilot 213 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ted has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Ted Kwon SAP FSCM, MDG and HANA Consultant Transport for NSW SAP HANA Academy Sydney, Australia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent 20 years’ experience as a Professional SAP Certified Finance & Logistics Consultant and SAP Data Analytics Consultant. Demonstrated specialities in critical process and complex modeling with extensive ABAP, WDA, Java, SAPUI5, HANA, SQL ETL and Machine Data Mining skills, inspired by Craftsmanship.▶ SAP HANA Consultant (2015~ )SAP Predictive Analytics 3.0, R/HANA PAL/Python Integration, Lumira SAP BI, Machine Learning, Splunk ETL, Simple Finance 1610▶ SAP MDG and Finance Data Migration Consultant (2011~ )Design Data Governance Framework and implement SAP MDG solution 6.1 onward ▶ SAP Certified SD/FSCM Functional and Technical Consultant (2009~ )FSCM-Credit with MDM & FI-AR, Dispute, Collections, Biller Direct, SAP CLM, TRM, BCMSD E2E process and EDI,IDOC,Web service▶ SAP RE-FX and EAM Consultant (2007~)RE Process blueprint, SME and AuditingAutoCAD and EAM(SAP PM) integrationAPICS USA Certified CPIM (2007~)▶ SAP Certified FI/CO Functional and Technical Consultant (2004~ )FI-New GL/FI-AP/AR/TAX/ASSET/Banking, CO-CCA, PCA and CO-PADesign ABAP, enhance BAdi and BAPI▶ SAP System Accountant (2001~ )Financial accounting, Management accounting and Project accounting▶ Statistical Data Consultant (1999~ )Modeling SPSS Statistics/Clementine, SAS E-miner for Big Data and Marketing Research▶ Certified Project Analyst and Auditor (1994~ )Administer and manage project operations as a Project Lead and PMO AnalystCertified PMP and CISA (2006~) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ted’s Activity 1,918 followers ORACLE 11번째 지식먹방 Ted liked I Updated my CV using SAP Fiori Theme inspiration :) Ted commented 중국 기업의 강세로 인해 한국 기업들은 춘추전국시대에 접어든거 같다. 이제 스마트폰 비지니스를 비롯하여 대부분의 한국 기업들의 최고 비지니스들에 대한 중국 기업들의 상승세는 꺽일 기미가 보이지 않는다. 상승세가 꺽이기를 기대하거나 다시 과거의 영광을 대찾겠지 생각하는 안일함은 무모하거나 위험할 따름이다. 대신 미래를 준비해야 한다. 그러나 미래는 알지 못한다. 어떤 기업이 중국 기업들의 활황에도 불구하고 한국에서 세계적 기업으로 살아남을지 예측하기 힘들다. 기초가 강한 기업들이 생존할 거라고 말하는 분들도 있지만 중국의 기초과학 역량은 노벨상 수상, 국방 기술력 등으로 볼 때 이미 우리 수준을 넘어섰다고 봐야 한다. 그야말로 누구도 모른다는 것이 진실이다. 그래서 이제 노쇠한 비지니스에 대한 투자를 줄이고 새롭게 태어나는 아기 기업에 투자를 시작할 때다. 특히, 국민의 자본이 모여있는 투자는 하루 빨리 방향을 재설정해야 한다. 점점 미래가 암울해지는 노화된 비지니스에 계속 터진독 물붓기를 해야할지, 불안한 미래를 대비하기 위해 새로운 청년이나 어린이 기업에 다양성을 전제로 투자해야 할지는 답이 보이는 질문이다. 그렇게 춘추전국 시대가 지나고 나면 또다시 화평의 시대가 올거라고 보인다. 아마 지금은 큰 기업들이 되었지만, 삼성, 현대, LG도 과거에는 작은 기업으로 다른 기업들과 경쟁하는 과정에서 이렇게 성장했을 것이다. 중국 기업에 추월당했거나 추월당하고 있는 비지니스나 기술분야에서 점점 투자를 줄이고 미래를 대비하는 가능성있는 다양한 기술이나 아이디어 벤처 기업에 투자를 늘려가는 것만이 유일한 경제 성장의 해법이 아닌가 생각된다. Ted commented NEW features = MORE possibilities! We've made some upgrades to Vesta Hydrogen. Check out what's new... #eammobilitysolution #sapeam http://ow.ly/l1e630btwXC Ted commented Accenture is a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for SAP Implementation Services Ted commented 4차혁명 은퇴혁명 시대! 2-3개 잡은 기본! 이라고 마느님이 메시지 보냈는데, 오타가 났음. '잡'을 '집'으로 쳐서 보냄. 2~3개 이상 잡은 가능한데 집은. 아주 잠깐이었지만 현기증이. Ted liked See all activity Experience Senior SAP EAM Data Migration Consultant Company Name Transport for NSW Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Sydney, Australia Sydney Trains, Roads and Maritime Services- SAP PM, PPM/PS and Finance Integration Senior SAP Finance & EAM Consultant Company Name BackOffice Associates Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Sydney, Australia BOA DSP Implementation for SAP ECC. DSP is a SAP data migration development platform on SQL Server 2012. S4 HANA, SAP FICO(AA, RE-FX, FM), FSCM, MDG, PM, PPM/PS consulting Media (1) This position has 1 media BOA_Solutions_Overview BOA_Solutions_Overview This media is a document Senior SAP Finance Data Migration Consultant Company Name Transport for NSW Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Sydney, Australia Roads and Maritime Services, Sydney Trains and NSW Trains- FI, CO, AA, Real Estate(RE-FX), FSCM, PPM/PS Integration SAP MDG Technical Consultant Company Name SAP Consulting Partner Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Sydney Area, Australia and Singapore SAP MDG Functional and Technical Consultant- Global MDG template project (SAP MDG 6.1/7.0, SAP Data Service 4.1, Hub Co deployment)- derive MDG value propositions from client specific-requirements and governance- define technical MDG landscape and UI development framework(NWBC,Portal,UI5,Fiori)- financials/customer data model with allowed modification at POC level- design and implement BRF+ for validation, derivation and workflow- ALE and web service based data replication with same client landscape- ETL framework from legacy and data migration in FI,CO,SD,MM Media (1) This position has 1 media SAP MDM, EIM and Data Migration_Ted v1.0_summary SAP MDM, EIM and Data Migration_Ted v1.0_summary This media is a document SAP FSCM Biller Direct Lead Consultant Company Name IBM Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos SAP FSCM Biller Direct Lead Consultant for SAP Implementation Project- Oil and Gas industry, contractor to IBM GBSFIN-FSCM-BD: biller dirct- detailed blue printing for user requirements- reviewing biller direct architecture- configuration both on ecc and XCM in SAP java server- enhancement and modification design to standard SAP product- security design both for FI user model and UME user model- optimization under 3 server landscape(ECC, SAP J2EE and LDAP)- system testing and user training- client support after go-live Media (1) This position has 1 media SAP Biller Direct 6.0 Solution in Detail Presentation_Ted SAP Biller Direct 6.0 Solution in Detail Presentation_Ted This media is a document See more positions Education SAP HANA Academy Field Of Study SAP HANA Development and S/4HANA Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 SAP HANA SPS 10~12SAP HANA XS Advanced Model and Cloud Web IDEData Modeling and Design with SAP HANA StudioSAP HANA Cloud Platform Predictive ServicesData Provisioning and S/4HANA Open SAP Field Of Study Software Development on SAP HANA Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Software Development on SAP HANA (Update Q4/2016)- Thomas Jung and Rich HeilmanHANA Database DevelopmentXSA Application Server and UI DevelopmentEnterprise Machine Learning- Daniel Dahlmeier and Markus NogaIntelligent Applications Powered by Machine LearningMachine Learning in Enterprise Computing CPA Australia Degree Name CPA Australia Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2018 CPA Program in Progress See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements SAP See 44 endorsements for SAP 44 SAP Bomyi Hoang and 43 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAP Implementation See 42 endorsements for SAP Implementation 42 SAP Implementation Endorsed by Andreas Wezler and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ted’s colleagues at Transport for NSW Click and drag to reorder skills Requirements Analysis See 30 endorsements for Requirements Analysis 30 Requirements Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Ted’s colleagues at Transport for NSW Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (4) Benji Kushwaha General Manager at White Spot Group Pty Ltd February 7, 2014, Benji was a client of Ted’s Ted is an experienced SAP Consultant.I met him while Myob training session.He has very deep knowledge regarding SAP Program.He is an hard worker and always keen to learn new thing which can make him professionally more strong personality.Best of luck for future.... Sean Yongtak Kim Advisory Software Engineer at IBM Australia May 27, 2013, Sean Yongtak worked with Ted but at different companies Ted was truly investing in the success of the projects he supported. He strived to understand what information customer need and why so that he could provide the best data. He liaised well with clients and colleagues and he had never missed a deadline in the several projects we worked on together. Ted’s excellent problem solving skills had lead to many new ways of approaching data analysis and reporting. Jeong Park (SAP PS/PPM/CPM/EAM/PM specialist, parkoon73@gmail.com) October 7, 2015, Ted was a client of Jeong’s John’s contribution has been integral to the keeping the Program on track, working in partnership with the business and getting project across the Go Live finish line. Considering complex business scenarios and multi-layered stakeholders, project team was under pressure for delivering global best practice and unrivalled SAP process optimization. He brought a wealth of experience that strengthened the team to navigate the ins and outs of our complex SAP ECC project during his involvement from May 2006 to January 2007. Also he did not hesitate to explore and take up project risks inherited in introducing new SAP technologies such as cProject and end-user oriented UI design.Despite the big challenges He have faced on ERP transformation program, John has showed higher level of outcome than was expected in project management plan. SAMSUNG SDS' successful rollout was testament to John’s ability to operate in this space. I’d like to certainly appreciate and respect John’s hard work to progress the project that far.Lastly, wish John all the best with his next pursuit.Warm regards, Ted Benji Kushwaha General Manager at White Spot Group Pty Ltd February 6, 2014, Ted worked with Benji but at different companies Benji was so dedicated and well rounded MYOB trainer. His training included extensive business processed in the context of Australian accounting practice and its application to accounting system. Minor topics in GST calculation and payroll processing was especially of great help to me in broadening my knowledge spectrum into local market. Happy great year 2014 to Benji ! View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Ted has 8 publications 8 Expand publications section Publications SAP MDM, EIM and Data Migration (Summer 2015) The Essential Guide for SAP Financials Analyst 2013 SAP FSCM Guide (Spring 2013) SAP Business Partner Configuration Guide SAP ABAP for Consultant and Program Analyst SAP FICO User Manual (4.6C) Financial Reporting using SAP FICO(4.6C) and Excel 2003 VBA A Comparison of Debt Aversions in Vacation Plans and Personal Computers through Double-Entry Mental Accounting Model Ted has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications MYOB Certified Consultant SAP-SD (Application Associate – Order Fulfillment) CPIM (Certified in Production and Inventory Management) CISA (Certified Information Systems Auditor) SAP-FI (Application Consultant ‘Accounting’) PMP (Project Management Professional) Ted has 5 test scores 5 Expand test scores section Test Scores CPIM-ECO(Execution and Control of Operation) CPIM-DSP(Detailed Scheduling and Planning CPIM-SMR(Strategic Management of Resources) CPIM-BSC(Basic of Supply Chain Management) CPIM-MPR(Master Planning of Resources) Ted has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Japanese Korean Interests Asahi Beverages 14,750 followers SAP Hybris Cloud For Customer(C4C) 2,090 members Aurec 3,093 followers 고려대학교 38,315 followers Quay Consulting 288 followers KOMATSU Australia Pty Limited 9,152 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amanda has a account Amanda Calcagno -- Schafer Cullen Capital Management Keene State College Greater New York City Area 33 33 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Schafer Cullen Capital Management Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Location New York, NY Education Keene State College Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Office 4 Microsoft Office Jeffrey Goodman, CTS and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 3 endorsements for Data Analysis 3 Data Analysis Jeffrey Goodman, CTS and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg Software Bloomberg Software No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Amanda has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Delta Phi Epsilon Interests Keene State College 22,892 followers Keene State College 22,272 followers Pulse 1,535,236 followers
More Actions Ted has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Ted Kwon SAP FSCM, MDG and HANA Consultant Transport for NSW SAP HANA Academy Sydney, Australia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent 20 years’ experience as a Professional SAP Certified Finance & Logistics Consultant and SAP Data Analytics Consultant. Demonstrated specialities in critical process and complex modeling with extensive ABAP, WDA, Java, SAPUI5, HANA, SQL ETL and Machine Data Mining skills, inspired by Craftsmanship.▶ SAP HANA Consultant (2015~ )SAP Predictive Analytics 3.0, R/HANA PAL/Python Integration, Lumira SAP BI, Machine Learning, Splunk ETL, Simple Finance 1610▶ SAP MDG and Finance Data Migration Consultant (2011~ )Design Data Governance Framework and implement SAP MDG solution 6.1 onward ▶ SAP Certified SD/FSCM Functional and Technical Consultant (2009~ )FSCM-Credit with MDM & FI-AR, Dispute, Collections, Biller Direct, SAP CLM, TRM, BCMSD E2E process and EDI,IDOC,Web service▶ SAP RE-FX and EAM Consultant (2007~)RE Process blueprint, SME and AuditingAutoCAD and EAM(SAP PM) integrationAPICS USA Certified CPIM (2007~)▶ SAP Certified FI/CO Functional and Technical Consultant (2004~ )FI-New GL/FI-AP/AR/TAX/ASSET/Banking, CO-CCA, PCA and CO-PADesign ABAP, enhance BAdi and BAPI▶ SAP System Accountant (2001~ )Financial accounting, Management accounting and Project accounting▶ Statistical Data Consultant (1999~ )Modeling SPSS Statistics/Clementine, SAS E-miner for Big Data and Marketing Research▶ Certified Project Analyst and Auditor (1994~ )Administer and manage project operations as a Project Lead and PMO AnalystCertified PMP and CISA (2006~) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ted’s Activity 1,918 followers ORACLE 11번째 지식먹방 Ted liked I Updated my CV using SAP Fiori Theme inspiration :) Ted commented 중국 기업의 강세로 인해 한국 기업들은 춘추전국시대에 접어든거 같다. 이제 스마트폰 비지니스를 비롯하여 대부분의 한국 기업들의 최고 비지니스들에 대한 중국 기업들의 상승세는 꺽일 기미가 보이지 않는다. 상승세가 꺽이기를 기대하거나 다시 과거의 영광을 대찾겠지 생각하는 안일함은 무모하거나 위험할 따름이다. 대신 미래를 준비해야 한다. 그러나 미래는 알지 못한다. 어떤 기업이 중국 기업들의 활황에도 불구하고 한국에서 세계적 기업으로 살아남을지 예측하기 힘들다. 기초가 강한 기업들이 생존할 거라고 말하는 분들도 있지만 중국의 기초과학 역량은 노벨상 수상, 국방 기술력 등으로 볼 때 이미 우리 수준을 넘어섰다고 봐야 한다. 그야말로 누구도 모른다는 것이 진실이다. 그래서 이제 노쇠한 비지니스에 대한 투자를 줄이고 새롭게 태어나는 아기 기업에 투자를 시작할 때다. 특히, 국민의 자본이 모여있는 투자는 하루 빨리 방향을 재설정해야 한다. 점점 미래가 암울해지는 노화된 비지니스에 계속 터진독 물붓기를 해야할지, 불안한 미래를 대비하기 위해 새로운 청년이나 어린이 기업에 다양성을 전제로 투자해야 할지는 답이 보이는 질문이다. 그렇게 춘추전국 시대가 지나고 나면 또다시 화평의 시대가 올거라고 보인다. 아마 지금은 큰 기업들이 되었지만, 삼성, 현대, LG도 과거에는 작은 기업으로 다른 기업들과 경쟁하는 과정에서 이렇게 성장했을 것이다. 중국 기업에 추월당했거나 추월당하고 있는 비지니스나 기술분야에서 점점 투자를 줄이고 미래를 대비하는 가능성있는 다양한 기술이나 아이디어 벤처 기업에 투자를 늘려가는 것만이 유일한 경제 성장의 해법이 아닌가 생각된다. Ted commented NEW features = MORE possibilities! We've made some upgrades to Vesta Hydrogen. Check out what's new... #eammobilitysolution #sapeam http://ow.ly/l1e630btwXC Ted commented Accenture is a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for SAP Implementation Services Ted commented 4차혁명 은퇴혁명 시대! 2-3개 잡은 기본! 이라고 마느님이 메시지 보냈는데, 오타가 났음. '잡'을 '집'으로 쳐서 보냄. 2~3개 이상 잡은 가능한데 집은. 아주 잠깐이었지만 현기증이. Ted liked See all activity Experience Senior SAP EAM Data Migration Consultant Company Name Transport for NSW Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Sydney, Australia Sydney Trains, Roads and Maritime Services- SAP PM, PPM/PS and Finance Integration Senior SAP Finance & EAM Consultant Company Name BackOffice Associates Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Sydney, Australia BOA DSP Implementation for SAP ECC. DSP is a SAP data migration development platform on SQL Server 2012. S4 HANA, SAP FICO(AA, RE-FX, FM), FSCM, MDG, PM, PPM/PS consulting Media (1) This position has 1 media BOA_Solutions_Overview BOA_Solutions_Overview This media is a document Senior SAP Finance Data Migration Consultant Company Name Transport for NSW Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Sydney, Australia Roads and Maritime Services, Sydney Trains and NSW Trains- FI, CO, AA, Real Estate(RE-FX), FSCM, PPM/PS Integration SAP MDG Technical Consultant Company Name SAP Consulting Partner Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Sydney Area, Australia and Singapore SAP MDG Functional and Technical Consultant- Global MDG template project (SAP MDG 6.1/7.0, SAP Data Service 4.1, Hub Co deployment)- derive MDG value propositions from client specific-requirements and governance- define technical MDG landscape and UI development framework(NWBC,Portal,UI5,Fiori)- financials/customer data model with allowed modification at POC level- design and implement BRF+ for validation, derivation and workflow- ALE and web service based data replication with same client landscape- ETL framework from legacy and data migration in FI,CO,SD,MM Media (1) This position has 1 media SAP MDM, EIM and Data Migration_Ted v1.0_summary SAP MDM, EIM and Data Migration_Ted v1.0_summary This media is a document SAP FSCM Biller Direct Lead Consultant Company Name IBM Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos SAP FSCM Biller Direct Lead Consultant for SAP Implementation Project- Oil and Gas industry, contractor to IBM GBSFIN-FSCM-BD: biller dirct- detailed blue printing for user requirements- reviewing biller direct architecture- configuration both on ecc and XCM in SAP java server- enhancement and modification design to standard SAP product- security design both for FI user model and UME user model- optimization under 3 server landscape(ECC, SAP J2EE and LDAP)- system testing and user training- client support after go-live Media (1) This position has 1 media SAP Biller Direct 6.0 Solution in Detail Presentation_Ted SAP Biller Direct 6.0 Solution in Detail Presentation_Ted This media is a document See more positions Education SAP HANA Academy Field Of Study SAP HANA Development and S/4HANA Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 SAP HANA SPS 10~12SAP HANA XS Advanced Model and Cloud Web IDEData Modeling and Design with SAP HANA StudioSAP HANA Cloud Platform Predictive ServicesData Provisioning and S/4HANA Open SAP Field Of Study Software Development on SAP HANA Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Software Development on SAP HANA (Update Q4/2016)- Thomas Jung and Rich HeilmanHANA Database DevelopmentXSA Application Server and UI DevelopmentEnterprise Machine Learning- Daniel Dahlmeier and Markus NogaIntelligent Applications Powered by Machine LearningMachine Learning in Enterprise Computing CPA Australia Degree Name CPA Australia Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2018 CPA Program in Progress See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements SAP See 44 endorsements for SAP 44 SAP Bomyi Hoang and 43 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAP Implementation See 42 endorsements for SAP Implementation 42 SAP Implementation Endorsed by Andreas Wezler and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ted’s colleagues at Transport for NSW Click and drag to reorder skills Requirements Analysis See 30 endorsements for Requirements Analysis 30 Requirements Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Ted’s colleagues at Transport for NSW Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (4) Benji Kushwaha General Manager at White Spot Group Pty Ltd February 7, 2014, Benji was a client of Ted’s Ted is an experienced SAP Consultant.I met him while Myob training session.He has very deep knowledge regarding SAP Program.He is an hard worker and always keen to learn new thing which can make him professionally more strong personality.Best of luck for future.... Sean Yongtak Kim Advisory Software Engineer at IBM Australia May 27, 2013, Sean Yongtak worked with Ted but at different companies Ted was truly investing in the success of the projects he supported. He strived to understand what information customer need and why so that he could provide the best data. He liaised well with clients and colleagues and he had never missed a deadline in the several projects we worked on together. Ted’s excellent problem solving skills had lead to many new ways of approaching data analysis and reporting. Jeong Park (SAP PS/PPM/CPM/EAM/PM specialist, parkoon73@gmail.com) October 7, 2015, Ted was a client of Jeong’s John’s contribution has been integral to the keeping the Program on track, working in partnership with the business and getting project across the Go Live finish line. Considering complex business scenarios and multi-layered stakeholders, project team was under pressure for delivering global best practice and unrivalled SAP process optimization. He brought a wealth of experience that strengthened the team to navigate the ins and outs of our complex SAP ECC project during his involvement from May 2006 to January 2007. Also he did not hesitate to explore and take up project risks inherited in introducing new SAP technologies such as cProject and end-user oriented UI design.Despite the big challenges He have faced on ERP transformation program, John has showed higher level of outcome than was expected in project management plan. SAMSUNG SDS' successful rollout was testament to John’s ability to operate in this space. I’d like to certainly appreciate and respect John’s hard work to progress the project that far.Lastly, wish John all the best with his next pursuit.Warm regards, Ted Benji Kushwaha General Manager at White Spot Group Pty Ltd February 6, 2014, Ted worked with Benji but at different companies Benji was so dedicated and well rounded MYOB trainer. His training included extensive business processed in the context of Australian accounting practice and its application to accounting system. Minor topics in GST calculation and payroll processing was especially of great help to me in broadening my knowledge spectrum into local market. Happy great year 2014 to Benji ! View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Ted has 8 publications 8 Expand publications section Publications SAP MDM, EIM and Data Migration (Summer 2015) The Essential Guide for SAP Financials Analyst 2013 SAP FSCM Guide (Spring 2013) SAP Business Partner Configuration Guide SAP ABAP for Consultant and Program Analyst SAP FICO User Manual (4.6C) Financial Reporting using SAP FICO(4.6C) and Excel 2003 VBA A Comparison of Debt Aversions in Vacation Plans and Personal Computers through Double-Entry Mental Accounting Model Ted has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications MYOB Certified Consultant SAP-SD (Application Associate – Order Fulfillment) CPIM (Certified in Production and Inventory Management) CISA (Certified Information Systems Auditor) SAP-FI (Application Consultant ‘Accounting’) PMP (Project Management Professional) Ted has 5 test scores 5 Expand test scores section Test Scores CPIM-ECO(Execution and Control of Operation) CPIM-DSP(Detailed Scheduling and Planning CPIM-SMR(Strategic Management of Resources) CPIM-BSC(Basic of Supply Chain Management) CPIM-MPR(Master Planning of Resources) Ted has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Japanese Korean Interests Axxerion Nederland 494 followers Woolworths Group 63,310 followers CFS Career Management 760 followers Jim KimJim Kim is a LinkedIn Influencer President at The World Bank 1,431,961 followers SAP Community 412,692 members Peter Klare Consulting 1,041 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amanda has a account Amanda Calcagno -- Schafer Cullen Capital Management Keene State College Greater New York City Area 33 33 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Schafer Cullen Capital Management Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Location New York, NY Education Keene State College Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Office 4 Microsoft Office Jeffrey Goodman, CTS and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 3 endorsements for Data Analysis 3 Data Analysis Jeffrey Goodman, CTS and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg Software Bloomberg Software No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Amanda has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Delta Phi Epsilon Interests Keene State College 22,272 followers Keene State College 22,892 followers Pulse 1,535,236 followers
More Actions Diana has a account Diana Franco Business Process Analyst at Goodyear Goodyear Tire and Rubber Youngstown State University Cortland, Ohio 242 242 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent OBJECTIVETo be an integral part of an Information Technology team as a project manager which will utilize my project management skills and experience to achieve mutual employer and employee growth and success.SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS• Highly experienced in the Information Technology industry with a strong emphasis on Oracle database administration, data modeling, data warehousing, business process modeling, CASE tool development, project management, customer interface management, requirements management, production support, and COBOL development.• Project Manager for software development and production support activities for multiple clients. Managed team of developers, worked with clients to prioritize work assignments, and coordinated the development work delivery to the client. • Expert leadership in customer delivery management. Organized, administered, managed people, processes and technologies, and combined all aspects into a comprehensive plan to provide the business and technical functions needed to successfully achieve and exceed the customer’s expectations. • Experienced in utilizing various processes and methodologies, including SDLC (Systems Development Life Cycle). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Business Process Analyst Company Name Goodyear Tire and Rubber Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Akron, Ohio Project Manager Company Name Vallourec Star Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Youngtown, Ohio • Manage a team of developers that provide on-going support for the business application systems for the steel industry. These systems are Access and .NET based, and reside on Oracle databases.• Lead the team to ensure the projects are within budget, and project plan objectives and deadlines are met. Ensure that the risks and issues are identified and managed.• Work with the end users/customers to ensure that their support projects are prioritized and the business needs are being met.• Perform business analyst activities which include working with the business to identify opportunities in business operations and processes, gathering and documenting requirements for new systems, system testing, and training and creating user documentation for application systems. • Active member of an IT Governance team which is implementing the ITIL framework for standardizing the planning, delivering and support of IT services for the steel business. • Interact daily with the service desk to ensure the day-to-day support needs of the customer are being met. This includes monitoring service desk tickets, assigning the tickets to the appropriate IT area, ensuring the tickets are resolved in a timely manner, and writing procedures for the service desk agents to follow. Customer Delivery Manager Company Name Empyra Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Youngstown, Ohio • Manage a workforce development and educational web-based software for federal, state, and private customers. Effectively manage the projects so that key outcomes, contractual requirements, and deliverables are met. • Work with the project team to make certain that work is assigned and completed on time to meet project deadlines. Build a project team culture that focuses on collaboration, value delivery, and customer satisfaction.• Actively participate in project activities such as gathering customer requirements, writing technical specifications for web-based pages, defining business requirements, writing system Help documentation and user guides, developing training materials and guides, providing customers with on-line training, and managing production releases for the software. • Interact with customers on a daily basis for support-related activities. Manage the customer service requests for enhancements and for defects/issues of the system. Communicates and manages customer delivery expectations for these service requests.• Participate in writing proposals and sales activities to acquire new business ventures. Project Manager Company Name HP (Hewlett-Packard) Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Youngstown, Ohio • Planned, executed, and finalized projects within triple constraints of delivering on time, within budget and scope objectives, including acquiring resources and coordinating efforts of team members in order to deliver projects according to plan. Identified, effectively communicated, and resolved project issues and risks. Developed risk mitigation plans. Effectively communicated project status to project stakeholders. • Coached, mentored, and motivated team members, influencing them to take positive action and accountability for assigned work. Utilized the SDLC (Systems Development Life Cycle) methodology. Managed projects team sizes ranging from 10 to 30 people and included off-shore resources in Brazil and India.• Managed and assigned development work to the production support team. Facilitated requirements gathering sessions with the customer. Ensured that all deadlines were met with quality work and were delivered to the client in a timely manner. Conducted weekly meetings to ensure that the appropriate changes to the application are being delivered to the customer. • Communicated and managed client delivery expectations. Facilitated client prioritization meetings and communicated issues, risks, and delivery items.• Developed various process improvement activities, new processes, and procedures for system development and implementation. Monitored on-going progress of RTI projects milestone dates.• Performed release management activities by monitoring the weekly production releases. Project Manager Company Name EDS (Electronic Data Systems) Dates Employed Jan 2001 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Warren, Ohio • Performed project management activities which included resource, contract, schedule, and scope management. Responsible for SDLC full life cycle activities (Definition/Analysis through Implementation/Production Support). • Coordinated and led requirements determination, business/technical design, data modeling, construction and implementation of global client/server systems. Performed client/server infrastructure design and developed configuration management processes/procedures.• Successfully managed and implemented a data warehouse system globally in Singapore, Japan, Korea, and Germany. Assessed the customer’s global business environment and translated the business requirements into an enterprise manufacturing system. Promoted the use of data sharing among the client’s divisions.• Performed performance appraisals, administered salary compensation, and provided team rewards. See more positions Education Youngstown State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements SDLC See 14 endorsements for SDLC 14 SDLC Renee Barco and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Requirements Analysis See 12 endorsements for Requirements Analysis 12 Requirements Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Diana’s colleagues at Empyra Click and drag to reorder skills Software Project Management See 11 endorsements for Software Project Management 11 Software Project Management Endorsed by 2 of Diana’s colleagues at Empyra Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Global Technical Recruiters 2,014 followers Youngstown State University 50,566 followers Vallourec 27,405 followers Beth ComstockBeth Comstock is a LinkedIn Influencer Vice Chair at GE 563,098 followers Comprehensive Logistics Co., Inc. 2,948 followers Public Relations 2,777,356 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Chen IT Architect – Big Data Technologies TD South China University of Technology Toronto, Canada Area 375 375 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Capable of delivering standard J2EE web application, or Message driven application or SOA application from end to end; UI ( HTML/CSS/Javascript ) to application server to Database to Unix Server setup )Overseeing all Java and .Net development process and standards ( as one of the biggest IT dev team in the bank, there are over 50 people in the team. )Successfully delivered many critical bank wide applications for Retails, HR, Commercial Banking, Infrastructure Technology, Compliance, Bank merger managementFamiliar with WAS, Tomcat, Domino JVM, Oracle DB JVM to run java appsBeen Java technical team lead for over 10 years Project experience in Pega, Domino/Notes, Angular JS, Oracle, SQL Server, My SQL, DB/2 to support bank applicationsExperienced of working and leading off shore team( Above as my first 10 years in TD, as of Feb 2015, I moved to TD Big Data team for a new tech journey. ) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience IT Architect – Big Data Technologies Company Name TD Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Working in TD Enterprise Data Architecture team, as a Big Data Architect IT Specialist II - Big Data Company Name TD Bank Group Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Working in TD Big data team, hadoop platform, mainly use hive / oozie for batch type data apps.legstar for mainframe cpy, map reduce, pig... IT Specialist II - Java Company Name TD Bank Group Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Toronto Java focused. Programming. Tech lead. PM IT Specialist Company Name TD Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Toronto IT Solutions Developer III ( senior level ) Company Name TD Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Toronto See more positions Education South China University of Technology Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Habitat for Humanity Toronto Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Java See 16 endorsements for Java 16 Java Endorsed by Justin Wu and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of John’s colleagues at TD Click and drag to reorder skills Java Enterprise Edition See 15 endorsements for Java Enterprise Edition 15 Java Enterprise Edition Endorsed by Mohammed Zack Dawood (Zack), who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of John’s colleagues at TD Click and drag to reorder skills SOA See 13 endorsements for SOA 13 SOA Xi Zhang and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments John has 15 courses 15 Expand courses section Courses Cloudera Developer Training for Apache Hadoop Developing MS ASP.NET Web Applications Using Visual Studio .NET Hadoop / Big Data Hibernate basic and advanced course IBM FileNet P8 Platform 5.0 Introduction to Spring Application Framework Java Architect Lean Methodology and Tools / White Belt of Six Sigma Methodology Mastering Wicket 1.3 Pega PRPC: Fast Track / Bootcamp 6.2 John has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English John has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Best Employee of the year 2000 Interests TD 255,657 followers Pulse 1,535,236 followers 华南理工大学 34,830 followers South China University of Technology 37,070 followers Canadian Banking Technology 20,733 members All About Acura 3,054 members See all See all following
More Actions Victoria has a account Victoria Stewart Evaluator of Program Development at Picture Of Health Picture Of Health Claremont Graduate University Redondo Beach, California 251 251 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Accomplished analyst with highlighted experiences guiding organizations towards obtaining their goals by way of measuring performance, processing data, and supporting their infrastructural values. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Evaluator of Program Development Company Name Picture Of Health Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Torrance, CA I provide research to support and sustain the delivery of health and nutrition services for cancer survivors by way of gathering county and statewide data to procure funding from key foundations and prominent fitness companies. I guide program design decisions that illustrate how process and outcome data will be collected to meet benchmark and trajectory goals. Business Analyst Company Name Sure Power Consulting Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Los Angeles Under the management of consumer operations, I assessed and generated delayed utility bills by performing ‘a priori’ analyses on daily usage rates to accurately predict past and present bills. To date, I’ve reduced over 1000 delayed bills and retrieved over $400,000 in revenue by using Oracle Utilities Customer Care and Billing (CC&B). Additionally, I evaluated a pilot training curriculum of which my recommendations were applied to current training methods for new recruits. Data Analyst Company Name Lines for Life Oregon Partnership Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Portland, Oregon Area I designed and implemented program evaluation/ research methods to ascertain outcomes on programs serving distressed populations. Media (1) This position has 1 media Reference Letter from Lines for Life Reference Letter from Lines for Life This media is an image Evaluation Advisor Company Name Education Northwest Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Portland Oregon I used various analytical techniques to document evidence on determining effective instructional strategies for students of diversity. Media (2) This position has 2 media Structured Observation Checklist Reliability Measure Structured Observation Checklist Reliability Measure This media is a document Reference Letter from Education Northwest Reference Letter from Education Northwest This media is a document Research Associate Company Name Behavioral Assessment Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Beverly Hills, California I managed cross-site evaluations on Federal funding initiatives for the prevention of substance abuse, HIV, and hepatitis among minority youth and homeless women. Within this context, I administered Youth Survey Reports to compare program impacts on ensuing beliefs and behaviors about substance use. Media (1) This position has 1 media CSAP Minority Aids Initiative Certificate of Training CSAP Minority Aids Initiative Certificate of Training This media is an image See more positions Education Claremont Graduate University Degree Name Masters of Science Field Of Study Social Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Completed coursework in statistics and qualitative research methods and survey design. Media (1) This position has 1 media Claremont Graduate University Diploma Claremont Graduate University Diploma This media is an image Northern Arizona University Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Media (1) This position has 1 media Northern Arizona University Diploma Northern Arizona University Diploma This media is an image Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 13 endorsements for Research 13 Research Endorsed by 2 of Victoria’s colleagues at Lines for LIfe (formerly Oregon Partnership) Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 11 endorsements for Statistics 11 Statistics Endorsed by 2 of Victoria’s colleagues at Lines for LIfe (formerly Oregon Partnership) Click and drag to reorder skills Nonprofits See 10 endorsements for Nonprofits 10 Nonprofits Christine Hensleigh and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Tifany Shelby, MA Research Associate April 5, 2010, Victoria worked with Tifany in the same group Ms. Stewart served as a Research Associate to Behavioral Assessment Inc. where she applied much of her past experience in mental health, cross cultural psychology, and program evaluation to policy development, program assessment, and translating research into practice. She also a Program Manager on an Office of Women's Health Project. I highly recommend Victoria for whatever position she may decide to take up next. She is the type of employee that anyone would be happy to work with. I wish her all the best in his future endeavors. Tifany Shelby, MA Research Associate May 24, 2010, Victoria managed Tifany directly I worked with Tifany Shelby on a variety of mental health funded grants. Ms. Shelby managed and evaluated a SAMHSA 5-year demonstration prevention grant for high-risk youth. To that end, she was instrumental with building evaluation capacity with grass roots organizations. She demonstrated a willingness to learn, strong follow-through and attention to detail, and strong perseverance. As a researcher, she was proficient and timely with retrieving and summarizing studies for program design. Her background, MA in clinical Psychology, were exceedingly helpful when we designed the girl gang prevention program funded by the Office on Women's Health. I highly recommend Tifany Shelby! Accomplishments Interests Kantar Health 9,011 followers Claremont Graduate University 11,286 followers Nike 1,193,796 followers Murphy Research 3,077 followers RDataMining: R and Data Mining 25,912 members Kelton Global 3,863 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Wright Loyalty & Analytics Executive / Change Agent John A. Wright Consulting Stanford University Graduate School of Business Germantown, Tennessee 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent McKinsey consultant & Stanford MBA with over fifteen years of loyalty/CRM and advanced analytics experience in travel, retail, and eComm settings. Deep knowledge of loyalty programs, CRM, predictive modeling, customer segmentation and database marketing. Strong track record of leveraging analytics and broad management experience to effect lasting change:At AutoZone: $100MM+/yr. improvement to EBIT at AutoZone (Received 2013 top company "Starter's Club" award for leading the team making the largest impact)At United Airlines: $100MM+/yr. improvement to EBIT while working through bankruptcyI find insights and drive results by asking the right questions, challenging conventional thinking, and inspiring my team. I bridge the communications gulf between top Management and data Analysts. A love for problem-solving and a win-win attitude also come in handy.Please feel free to contact me:JAWright@gmail.com901.484.4683Expertise:Analytic ManagementAttribution ModelingBig Data AnalyticsBusiness IntelligenceCRM Strategy & ExecutionCustomer InsightsCustomer SatisfactionDatabase AnalyticsDatabase MarketingDirect MarketingEconometric ModelingEmail MarketingExecutive ReportingExperimental DesignFinancial ModelingLoyalty Program Design & MgmtMarketing ResearchMarketing ReportingOperational ReportingOptimization StrategiesPredictive ModelingSales & Share Driver AnalysisSegmentationStrategic ConsultingTargeting Model DevelopmentTest Design & Management See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience President Company Name John A. Wright Consulting Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Germantown TN Consulted Fortune 100 and early stage companies on Loyalty Program Development, Direct Marketing, and Analytic Enhancements • Developed comprehensive loyalty program for Big 3 auto manufacturer (as Epsilon subcontractor) to drive improved retention and ongoing customer engagement. Partnered with Finance, Marketing, and Sr. Management to model, sell, and pilot industry-changing concept• Assisted start-ups/early stage companies in refining marketing and analytic strategies Director, Insights & Research Company Name AutoZone Dates Employed Jan 2014 – May 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Memphis TN This position was created to expand analytic responsibilities held since '07:Led team of advanced analysts to drive improved understanding of customers, products, pricing and same-store sales drivers. Focus on answering the ‘why’ in addition to the ‘what’ across departments. Position revised in effort to better leverage analytics across the entire company and evolved from prior director role of loyalty & analysisKey responsibilities: Drive improved AZ understanding of customers via loyalty/transactional data, and ‘Big Data’ analytics (Segmentation, Predictive Modeling, Matched Panel Analysis, Data Mining, etc.). Optimize same store sales performance via understanding of sales drivers and testing impact. Manage customer satisfaction feedback, all quantitative and qualitative research, and reporting activities. Develop data, people, processes, and systems needed to improve companywide BI initiatives of 100+ analystsKey accomplishments: Exponentially grew understanding of store-level sales drivers from single ‘nationwide’ analysis to understanding impact on dozens of drivers (e.g., media, weather) by store by product category. Worked cross-functionally to turn insights into actions. Leveraged multiple segmentations and customer targeting models to double email/direct mail profitability Director - Loyalty, CRM & Analysis Company Name AutoZone Dates Employed 2007 – 2014 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Memphis, TN Drove incremental company sales through continual improvement of the AutoZone Rewards program, direct marketing, and marketing program analysisKey responsibilities: Managed all aspects of the AutoZone Rewards loyalty program, including CRM. Directed all Marketing analytic efforts including testing, same-store sales analysis, and Marketing program ROIsKey accomplishments: -Grew incremental loyalty sales and incremental EBIT attributed to program by over $100MM/yr-Starter’s Club award (given to one AZO team each year having the biggest impact on AZO sales and profits)­-Launched initial AutoZone CRM efforts via direct mail, email, and voice marketing­-Deployed first AZO ‘one view’ database and campaign management platforms with over 100MM records-Elevated and consolidated all AZO store-level testing into single enhanced company-wide testing platform­­-Regularly predicted and reported quarterly same-store sales drivers to Sr. Mgmt & the board, based on advanced econometric modeling. Led cross-functional same-store sales team, reporting to CFO­-Led ongoing cross-functional business intelligence team (reporting to CIO), and cross-functional transactions analysis team (reporting to CFO), to improve AZO analytic capabilities and understanding­-Grew resources from 4 to 8, despite overall department shrinking, due to quantifiable results Principal - Business Development Company Name United Airlines Dates Employed 2001 – 2007 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Greater Chicago Area -Team managed all Mileage Plus assets including Upgrades and redemption of miles.­--Managed day-to-day program operation by working with Revenue Management, Finance, IT, and Marketing to optimize $1.5B+/yr expense­--Launched a wide range of new redemption initiatives which contributed well over $100MM/yr in EBIT while increasing program attractiveness­--Led analytics efforts for all of Mileage Plus. Developed, launched, and analyzed numerous redemption tests to maximize program effectiveness­--Reduced redemption payments to other STAR carriers by $50MM/yr , through the introduction of Star Alliance Upgrade Awards, allowing Mileage Plus members to upgrade on STAR partner airlines-‘Chief-of-Staff’ for United CEO and other governing councils­--Coordinated all discussions at United CEO staff meetings and other Sr. officer councils (Executive Council, Operations Council; Customer Council)­--Consulted internally on a wide range of key initiatives throughout bankruptcy including overall business strategy, employee compensation, marketing agency selection, and new business development-Partnered with VISA to launch nationwide network loyalty program (valid on all VISA debit & most credit cards)­--Original program was not launched due to United financial instability post 9-11­--Program was scaled back and evolved into the Visa ‘Extras’ program President Company Name BookSwap.com Dates Employed 1997 – 2001 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Orem, UT -Formulated and successfully executed strategy to dominate online student-to-student college textbook market (‘eBay for textbooks’)­--Developed network of 400 reseller organizations to capture economies of scale­--Grew the business 100 fold over a two-year period to become the leading source of used textbooks online--Managed all aspects of the business, including online marketing, website design, and database management­--Business grew into a ‘top 10’ most frequented website by college students-Expanded beyond textbooks into related student services including a ride board, student classifieds, teacher evaluations, etc. See more positions Education Stanford University Graduate School of Business Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1995 Founder’s Team of STARTUP micro-business initiative in East Palo Alto; GMP (Global Management Program) Certificate Brigham Young University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Grade 3.8 GPA (Cum Laude) Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1989 Activities and Societies: Vice President of Tau Beta Pi Engineering Honor Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 31 endorsements for Strategy 31 Strategy Endorsed by John Fimbel, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of John’s colleagues at AutoZone Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 29 endorsements for Analytics 29 Analytics Endorsed by Vijay Bandaru and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of John’s colleagues at AutoZone Click and drag to reorder skills Direct Marketing See 26 endorsements for Direct Marketing 26 Direct Marketing Endorsed by Dave Krieger and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of John’s colleagues at AutoZone Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Lisa Kranc Board Member at Truck Hero, Inc. March 6, 2017, Lisa was senior to John but didn’t manage directly John worked for me for 6 years at AutoZone, and was instrumental in analyzing, predicting, and driving AutoZone sales. His management and analytic skills were critical in uncovering insights, especially in the areas of direct marketing and store-level testing. His work with outside vendors helped me optimize AutoZone marketing spend and ROI. He built effective customer segmentation when outside agencies struggled, and developed AutoZone CRM efforts from scratch. In my final year at AutoZone, I was pleased to present John and the rest of the loyalty team with the AutoZone “Starter’s Club” award. This is the highest recognition AutoZone provides, and is awarded to just one team each year most responsible for AutoZone’s success. John will contribute from day one, and will be an asset to any organization. Brett Shanaman VP Marketing at AutoZone March 24, 2017, Brett managed John directly John was integral to the growth of our loyalty program and in the use of data to drive decisions. His analysis and insight generation skills are extremely strong, and he was responsible for materially improving the organization's capabilities to generate and act on insights. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments John has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Dutch French Spanish John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Chartered Financial Analyst Level III Candidate John has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award 2013 AutoZone Starter's Club Interests Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,238,381 followers Brigham Young University 220,451 followers Retail Industry Professionals Group 614,376 members Pulse 1,535,238 followers Data Science Central 291,512 members CRMC 1,267 members See all See all following
More Actions Victoria has a account Victoria Zdanovskaya Looking for new opportunities as a Data Scientist and Analyst TransferWise University of Florida Estonia 340 340 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Finance BI Analyst Company Name TransferWise Dates Employed Jan 2017 – May 2017 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Tallinn Accomplishments:• designed data structure of the BI (Business Intelligence or Abstraction Layer) system of the company’s financial data• built Revenue data mart as a test of the BI data structure• designed cost-profit center model hierarchy and data structure for dynamic assignment, imputation and allocation of the company’s revenues and costs to particular cost-profit centers PhD Student, Research and Teaching Assistant Company Name University of Florida Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Gainesville, Florida Area I'm a PhD student, Research and Teaching Assistant at the Center of Applied Optimization (COA) Industrial and Systems Engineering (ISE) department. My research interests are (but not limited to) Operations Research (OR), Machine Learning, Optimization, Financial Engineering, Risk-Management, Quantitative Finance, Value-at-Risk (VaR), Conditional Value-at-Risk (CVaR), Finance.April 22 - August 3 2016 - Data Mining Researcher on an OPS position at the University of Florida (UF) Anesthesiology Department. Participated in the interdisciplinary research project on “Postoperative Complications Patient-Centered Predictions”: developed and implemented in python algorithm to automatically diagnose Acute Kidney Injury (AKI) in real time based on patient-centered electronic health record (EHR) data optimized to work both for one patient at a time and for the whole data base of patients; transferred previously developed R code for reading and cleaning categorical and nominal EHR patient-centered data to python.July 27-31, Nov. 1-4, 2015 participated in the Informs Annual Meeting and in the Mathematical Modeling and Optimization Institute (MMOI) 3rd Annual Meeting conferences with a report titled “Value-at-Risk Support Vector Machines (Var-SVMs): Mixed Integer Programming (MIP) Representation” July 28-31, 2014 - participated in the MMOI 2nd Annual Meeting with a report titled "Support Vector Machines (SVMs) with Risk Constraints"​Summer 2015 and Summer 2014 Internships - Research Assistant at the UF Research, Education and Engineering Facility (UF/REEF) located adjacent to the Eglin Air Force Base, Shalimar, FLOct. 6-9, 2013 - participated in the Informs Annual Meeting conference with a report titled "Estimation of Mixtures of Continuous Distributions: Mixtures of Normal Distributions and Applications"Teaching Assistant for the following courses: Engineering Economy, Quality Control, Matrix and Numerical Methods in Systems Engineering, Advanced Engineering Economy​ Leading Financial Risk Analyst Company Name Norilsk Nickel Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Moscow Jun 2011 - Jan 2012 Financial Risk AnalystJan 2012 - Sep 2012 Leading Financial Risk AnalystAccomplishments:• evaluated credit risks of foreign and Russian companies, foreign and Russian banks on the basis of their financial statements and current market position• evaluated market risks (currency fluctuation and commoditites market price risks)• solved a problem of the optimal metal sales distribution during a year under the budget constraints of CVaR type with the help of Portfolio Safeguard software package Leading Analyst at the Mass Market Department Company Name Vimpelcom Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Moscow Accomplishments:• made post-analysis of various marketing actions• solved business-cases (finding optimal parameters for different marketing actions)• made regular reports on current market position of the Russian division of VimpelCom Ltd. Research Assistant Company Name Computing Center of the Russian Academy of Sciences Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Moscow • participated in the project «Mathematical Modeling of Kazakh Economy»• participated in the project «Mathematical Modeling of Russian Economy» • participated in the publication of a monograph «The experience of Kazakh economy modeling in the time of world economic crisis» (with co-authors) Education University of Florida Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Industrial and Systems Engineering (ISE) Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Research Assistant, Teaching Assistant, Center of Applied Optimization (COA), Risk Management and Financial Engineering Laboratory, Outdoor Adventure Club (OAR) Master's degree Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (State University) (MIPT) Degree Name Master and Bachelor of Science (M.S. and B.S.) Field Of Study Applied Math and Physics Grade graduated with honors Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2011 Activities and Societies: aerobics, mountaineering, cheerleaders of the Applied Math and Control Department Master's degree diploma thesis is entitled «Mathematical modeling of monopolistic competition».Bachelor's degree diploma thesis is entitled «Effective parallelization of Mathematical algorithms» Volunteer Experience Organizer of an autonomous two week long trip to the Altay Mountains (Russia) Company Name MIPT Mountaineering Club Dates volunteered Aug 2013 – Aug 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Engineering See 6 endorsements for Financial Engineering 6 Financial Engineering Jiaxing Pi and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Quantitative Finance See 4 endorsements for Quantitative Finance 4 Quantitative Finance Jiaxing Pi and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Risk Management See 4 endorsements for Risk Management 4 Risk Management Jiaxing Pi and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Victoria has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Engineering Economy Advanced Machine Learning Applied Probability Methods in Engineering Corporate Finance Financial Theory I Financial Theory II Fundamentals of Mathematical Programming Linear Programming and Network Optimization Machine Learning Stochastic Modelling and Analysis Victoria has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications R Programming The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Machine Learning Corporate Finance Victoria has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English German Русский Interests University of Florida 328,497 followers Work in Estonia 1,439 followers University of Florida College of Medicine 34,565 followers TransferWise 17,841 followers Beeline 2,627 members Московский Физико-Технический Институт (Государственный Университет) (МФТИ) 14,606 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nick has a account Nick Evans Lead, Merchant Support Analytics @ Shopify Shopify University of Ottawa / Université d'Ottawa Ottawa, Ontario, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Lead, Merchant Support Analytics Company Name Shopify Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area Cofounder and CEO Company Name CareerFeed.com Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Ottawa CareerFeed helps make job hunting effortless. We keep tabs on the career pages of Ottawa and Toronto companies so that our users don't have to.I'm responsible for shaping the business and writing code.Technology Stack:- Ruby on Rails- Postgres- Redis Data Engineer Company Name Shopify Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Ottawa Technology Stack:- Python- Ruby- Apache Spark- Apache Spark Streaming- Apache Kafka- Ruby on Rails- Tableau- Redshift- Vertica- Go- R Founder and Data Scientist Company Name Carbitrage.com Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area - Developed a quantitative model that accurately estimates the market price of many used cars and trucks (competitive with the Canadian Black Book's price estimates)- Wrote a web crawler for used items websites- Wrote parser for web crawler- Wrote django frontendTechnology Stack:- Django- R- MySQL- Java Research Assistant Company Name Health Canada Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area - Developed extraction software for Holter monitor data using VBA- Wrote software to gather and summarize research data using C#- Performed data munging and generated summary statistics using SAS- Used text mining to cluster / classify observations using RTechnology Stack:- VBA- C#- SAS- R See more positions Education University of Ottawa / Université d'Ottawa Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Mathematics and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Omega Theta Alpha, Economics Student Association, SFUO Foot Patrol Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 16 endorsements for Analytics 16 Analytics Endorsed by 5 of Nick’s colleagues at Shopify Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 13 endorsements for SQL 13 SQL Endorsed by Lena Grygoryev and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Nick’s colleagues at Shopify Click and drag to reorder skills Software Development See 12 endorsements for Software Development 12 Software Development Endorsed by 3 of Nick’s colleagues at Shopify Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nick has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Interests Brad SmithBrad Smith is a LinkedIn Influencer President & Chief Executive Officer, Intuit 451,454 followers Tim FerrissTim Ferriss is a LinkedIn Influencer Bestselling author, human guinea pig. Experiments: tim.blog 1,031,644 followers Mike BloombergMike Bloomberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur, philanthropist, and three-term mayor of New York City 744,884 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,342,154 followers MYOB 22,849 followers Time Magazine 1,297,880 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Au Senior Regional IT Manager - Asia Pacific, MBA PVH Corp. Australian Graduate School of Management Hong Kong 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent With a history going back over 130 years, PVH has excelled at growing brands and businesses with rich American heritages, becoming one of the largest apparel companies. We have over 30,000 associates operating in over 40 countries with over $8 billion in revenues. We own the iconic Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Speedo*, Warner’s and Olga brands and market a variety of goods under these and other nationally and internationally known owned and licensed brands.Michael has over 10 years of Regional IT management experience in Asia Pacific, leading a team of 21 highly trained and skilled professional in the region. His core expertise include LAN/WAN design, Service Desk Operation optimization, Project Management, Microsoft platform architecture, Citrix implementation, Virtualization and M&A integration projects. The latest projects with PVH include 3 different Microsoft Domain migration after the M&A and multiple Co-Location sites set up for Asia Pacific in Hong Kong. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Michael’s Activity 515 followers Gigi Hadid renews contract with Tommy Hilfiger for 2 more seasons Michael liked Ransomware infections reported worldwide - BBC News Michael liked Ted’s photo Michael liked WannaCry Ransomware is real and contagious. Patch your systems before it is too late Windows 7 MS17-010 Update https://lnkd.in/f9-wqYh https://lnkd.in/f8rzUZB Windows 10 MS17-010 Update https://lnkd.in/ffqkR9i In addition, disable SMBv1 on your Microsoft Windows machines https://lnkd.in/fpDGgn8 Disable on Windows 7 (Server) HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\LanmanServer\Parameters Registry entry: SMB1 REG_DWORD: 0 = Disabled Disable on Windows 7 (Client) Run with an Elevated Permission Command Prompt sc.exe config lanmanworkstation depend= bowser/mrxsmb20/nsi sc.exe config mrxsmb10 start= disabled On Windows 10 Uncheck "SMB 1.0/CIFS File Sharing Support" in Windows Features Michael shared this https://lnkd.in/fQf5VTZ New innovation disrupt existing business model again. Michael shared this See all activity Experience Senior Manager, IT Infrastructure & Service Desk, Asia Pacific Company Name PVH Corp. Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Hong Kong PVH Corp., one of the world’s largest apparel companies, owns and markets the iconic Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger brands worldwide. It is the world’s largest shirt and neckwear company and markets a variety of goods under its own brands, Van Heusen, Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, IZOD, ARROW, Warner’s and Olga, and its licensed brands, including Speedo, Geoffrey Beene, Kenneth Cole New York, Kenneth Cole Reaction, MICHAEL Michael Kors, Sean John, Chaps, Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, Joseph Abboud, DKNY, Ike Behar and John Varvatos.Regional leader for the IT Infrastructure and Service Desk operation in Asia Pacific and MEA, with 21 direct and indirect reports around the region, which includes Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, India and Bangladesh.- Major project includes 2 Co-Location site setup, 3 Active Directory migrations and IT team integration after M&A.- Responsible for the Asia Pacific IT Operations budget which include monthly forecast LTF review, and 3 years planning. Manager, Infrastructure & Helpdesk, Asia Pacific Company Name Warnaco Asia Limited Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Hong Kong Warnaco, based in the US, designs, sources, markets, licenses, distributes intimate apparel, sportswear and swimwear worldwide. Its products are offered under Calvin Klein, Speedo, Chaps, and Warner's brand names.Responsible for the Asia-Pacific Network Infrastructure, IT Service delivery and Helpdesk operation. Reports to IT Director, Asia-Pacific. Managed a team of 13 across different countries in Asia.- Designed, implemented and rolled out the network infrastructure for 650+ Calvin Klein Retail Shops' Point-of-Sales system in Asia. Running Citrix XenApp on virtualized XenServer, Citrix Netscaler for Application load balancing, F5 Link Controller for Internet link load balancing and RSA 2-factor authentication for the POS system- Streamlined Asia's Helpdesk by deploying a standardized desktop image, well documented helpdesk procedure, developed a user's IT handbook and formed a user's IT committee for IT to users interactive communications.- Responsible areas: Hong Kong, China, Korea, Australia, Singapore, Taiwan, Macau, Malaysia, Bangladesh and EgyptOne of the Eight members on the HK Employee Board, which act as the bridge between the HK staff and the Management Team. Responsible for taking feedback from the staff in Hong Kong to the managmement team, and organizing company sponsored activities*************************************************************Major projects include:1. Link load balancing with F5 Link Controller for the POS System.2. Application load balancing with Citrix Netscaler for the POS System.3. Windows 7 and Office 2010 rollout for Asia Pacific.4. Virtualizing the Citrix environment with Citrix XenServer Hypervisor5. Disaster Recovery Site implementation MIS Manager, Head of IT Company Name Hongkong Sales (Knitwear) Limited Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location Hong Kong HKS is one of the most respected knitwear production and design specialists in the industry. With 30 production facilities in different locations, it employs 30,000 staff and produces 2,400,000 dozen knitwear items per year.Responsible for the Group’s IT strategy and direction, working closely with the Senior Management Team to understand the business needs. Reported to the Managing Director and managed 10 direct reports. Started off as a System Analyst in 2002, promoted to Senior System Analyst after 3 years, and promoted to MIS Manager in 2007.- Designed, implemented, and rolled out the VoIP system with Cisco routers tied to the PABX to all the branch offices and subsidiaries in 2004 Significantly reduced the long distance call charges for the Group- Developed a tailor made Order Tracking System to streamline the order tracking process for the Group and the associated factories. The system is tightly integrated with the Epicor Finance system to produce up to date financial and management reports- Initiated and designed the Windows-based infrastructure and Exchange Email system to support the Group’s growth. Handled 20 sites in different part of the world, with 60 servers and 800 PCs- Streamlined the Helpdesk operation with a standardized desktop image. Successfully achieved a 1:200 Helpdesk Technician to Users ratio- Responsible areas: Hong Kong, China, USA, UK, France, Germany, and Madagascar System Administrator Company Name PolyU Technology and Consultancy Co. Ltd. Dates Employed Oct 2000 – Apr 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Hong Kong - In house Microsoft server and Sun Solaris support.- Crystal Report developer- Vendor Management Education Australian Graduate School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Strategy, Leadership and Organizational Behaviour Grade Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Winner of the Corporate Finance Student Award The University of British Columbia Degree Name BSc Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Point Grey Secondary Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Participated in the Accounting Career Prep program in Grade 11 & Grade 12. Worked in TD Bank as a teller trainee and the BC Principal & Vice Principal Association as a A/R trainee. See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Ronald McDonald House Charities Dates volunteered Aug 2016 – Aug 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Our team visits Hong Kong's Ronald McDonald House twice a year to cook for the children and bring fun and joy to the residents in the house. Featured Skills & Endorsements Disaster Recovery See 36 endorsements for Disaster Recovery 36 Disaster Recovery Endorsed by Charles Kao CCIE, CISSP and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Michael’s colleagues at PVH Corp. Click and drag to reorder skills Data Center See 29 endorsements for Data Center 29 Data Center Endorsed by 9 of Michael’s colleagues at PVH Corp. Click and drag to reorder skills VMware See 25 endorsements for VMware 25 VMware Endorsed by Liviu Lazar and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Michael’s colleagues at PVH Corp. Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (11) Given (16) David Ho Human Resources June 12, 2013, Michael worked with David in the same group Michael is a great person work with!He is very customer-oriented and is able to provide timely solutions to business. The infrastructure/helpdesk team has received a lot credits under his good hands and he himself enjoys a very position reputation among colleagues. I have no doubt recommending him. Simply send me a message for such. Tracy Weiss Field Service Technician at Wood Forest National Bank May 21, 2012, Tracy worked with Michael in different groups Michael is the main contact for the server infrastructure in Asia-pacific region. U.S. server infrastructure team which I am part of can depend on him to keep Asia-Pacific region servers running smoothly. He is dedicated, reliable, and hard working. View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Allen Chen Incoming IT Advisory Intern at KPMG August 14, 2015, Michael managed Allen directly Allen had been working for PVH Asia as a Summer Intern in 2015. During his 10 weeks period, he had been assigned to different functions of IT in the fast moving retail industry. We let him experience from box moving and cloning PC in the Helpdesk, customer support in a large scale regional merchandising event, scripting Database migration for over 900 retail stores to understanding the Point of Sales system work flow in Asia Pacific, which we think should let Allen understand how IT professionals apply their skills to solve business problems.He had been very popular among the team, making a lot of friends in the company during the internship. All the comments of Allen are very positive, from our Global CIO, International Group Vice President of IT to all the Managers who had supervised him during his tenure. I have no doubt to recommend Allen to other career openings or academic scholarship in IT, if you need any reference, please feel free to contact me for details. Venus Chu, PMP Business Analyst at Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation April 26, 2014, Michael was senior to Venus but didn’t manage directly Venus was the single most important person in the TechTrans POS rollout for Asia Pacific. She is a very detail minded person who is dedicated to perfect everything she was responsible for. From getting the business requirement, doing gap analysis, vendor coordination and working closely with the Infrastructure team to do the application roll out, her effort were all very much appreciated by the user community as well as the Asia Leadership team. Without her dedication, the Retail POS environment in Asia cannot achieve so much and it will not be so scalable to grow with the company. Before working together with her in Warnaco, I was the Manager of her in Tsing-Tech Innovations Company Limited. She had also performed with outstanding achievement during her tenure there. Not only has she needed to be the Business Analyst, she was also one of the developer for the in house developed ERP system for the Garment Factory. The users and the Management team valued her contribution a lot, and she was very well respected by the department heads.So Venus is an all-rounded IT professional. From technical implementation to business analysis, she is well competent. Also, she has good experience in the vertical operation of the Apparel industry, from the Sourcing function to the Retail & Wholesale function, she knows it inside out.I have no doubt to recommend her to any position she is interested in, and please feel free to contact me if you need any further references. View 14 more recommendations View 14 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Michael has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards IT Recognition Awards - Quality and Excellence All-Stars Award (Regional Helpdesk Team) - Collaborate All-Stars Award (Individual) - Respect All-Stars Award (Warnaco Employee Board) - Inspire Corporate Finance Student Award Michael has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Japanese Mandarian Michael has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications MCSA1: Windows 2000 MCSE1: Windows NT 4.0 MCPS: Microsoft Certified Professional Michael has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Point of Sales System in the Private Cloud Interests Citrix 213,187 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,598,812 followers PVH Corp. 77,695 followers alumni UBC Hong Kong (inactive) 243 members Cathay Pacific Airways 135,146 followers Information Technology Managers (IT) 62,289 members See all See all following
More Actions Sameer has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Sameer Govil Content Analytics & Insights Amazon NJIT Greater New York City Area 292 292 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Sameer’s Activity 292 followers Audible is looking for a Manager, Business Operations & Analysis, ACX to join our team! Apply here http://bit.ly/2ppCZc6 Sameer liked See all activity Experience Content Planning & Analytics Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Sr. Business System Analyst Company Name IMS Health Dates Employed May 2010 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Business Student Associate Company Name NJIT Dates Employed Sep 2006 – May 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Architecture & Technology Enablement Intern Company Name Prudential Financial Dates Employed May 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 4 mos MIS/IT Intern Company Name Gucci Group Dates Employed May 2008 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 4 mos Education NJIT Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Information Technology Administration & Security Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 New Jersey Institute of Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Information Technology/Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 23 endorsements for SQL 23 SQL Endorsed by Osama Eljabiri, PhD and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Sameer’s colleagues at IMS Health Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 19 endorsements for Databases 19 Databases Endorsed by Nidhi Saxena, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Sameer’s colleagues at IMS Health Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 18 endorsements for Data Analysis 18 Data Analysis Endorsed by Marilyn Mahon and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Sameer’s colleagues at IMS Health Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests New Jersey Institute of Technology 64,261 followers IMS Health 118,960 followers Pulse 1,535,238 followers Technology 20,769,647 followers New Jersey Institute of Technology 66,230 followers The Pharmaceutical Industry Discussion Group 11,256 members See all See all following
More Actions FAIZ has a account FAIZ MOHAMMAD Data Analyst at GlobalLogic GlobalLogic Lovely Professional University Digras Area, India 11 11 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent To be continued.... Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} FAIZ’S Activity 11 followers Acorns Australia goes live with Moneythor FAIZ liked See all activity Experience Data Analyst Company Name GlobalLogic Education Lovely Professional University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration - BBA Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office Microsoft Office No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Management Management No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills SQL SQL No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Geoff YangGeoff Yang is a LinkedIn Influencer Founding partner, Redpoint Ventures 122,182 followers moneycontrol.com 295,743 followers Entrepreneur Media 1,639,668 followers BBC News 2,271,139 followers State Bank of India 451,759 followers United Kingdom 325,553 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sameer has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Sameer Govil Content Analytics & Insights Amazon NJIT Greater New York City Area 292 292 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Sameer’s Activity 292 followers Audible is looking for a Manager, Business Operations & Analysis, ACX to join our team! Apply here http://bit.ly/2ppCZc6 Sameer liked See all activity Experience Content Planning & Analytics Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Sr. Business System Analyst Company Name IMS Health Dates Employed May 2010 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Business Student Associate Company Name NJIT Dates Employed Sep 2006 – May 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Architecture & Technology Enablement Intern Company Name Prudential Financial Dates Employed May 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 4 mos MIS/IT Intern Company Name Gucci Group Dates Employed May 2008 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 4 mos Education NJIT Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Information Technology Administration & Security Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 New Jersey Institute of Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Information Technology/Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 23 endorsements for SQL 23 SQL Endorsed by Osama Eljabiri, PhD and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Sameer’s colleagues at IMS Health Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 19 endorsements for Databases 19 Databases Endorsed by Nidhi Saxena, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Sameer’s colleagues at IMS Health Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 18 endorsements for Data Analysis 18 Data Analysis Endorsed by Marilyn Mahon and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Sameer’s colleagues at IMS Health Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Business Analyst Social Networking 26,953 members Amazon 2,206,644 followers Alumni Association of NJIT 6,700 members New Jersey Institute of Technology 66,230 followers The Pharmaceutical Industry Discussion Group 11,256 members IMS Health 118,960 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nikhila has a account Nikhila Kalyanam Senior Data/Business Analyst at Capital One Auto Finance || Certified Scrum Master (CSM) Capital One Auto Finance Monmouth University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 283 283 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Senior Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Skilled in Analytical Skills, Oracle Database, IBM DB2, Requirements Analysis, and Agile Methodologies. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor's degree (B.E) focused in Computer Engineering from Osmania University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Business/Data Analyst Company Name Capital One Auto Finance Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Plano, TX As a part of Loan Command Service Center team, supporting Customer Operations, Loss Mitigation and Recoveries departments in Auto Loans. * Majorly Involved in "Office of the President" escalation project. As a analyst involved developing reports on tier2 and tier3 performances using Teradata, Tableau, SAS and Python.* Involved in grooming, sprint planning, daily stand-ups, etc.* Managing the lifecycle of code development.* Supporting customer operation adhoc requests like Early payoff accounts,Hardship and bata,Call Mapping,APN,Auto loan Tracker.* Involved in campaigns like Welcome email, DQ Alerts, Settlements ..etc. Sr.SAS/Tableau/Business Analyst Company Name Wells Fargo Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 7 mos SAS/Business Analyst Company Name Fannie Mae Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area SAS/Tableau/Business Analyst Company Name PNC Dates Employed Feb 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos SAS/Data Analyst Company Name Kohl's Department Stores Dates Employed May 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Menomonee Falls As a key member of Account Management modeling team worked on Card holder Master data. Provided the summary of information of all layouts and the various data available in Decision Analytics. Developed and provided information required for reporting, data management, data analysis and data mining. Ran programs to support Marketing and Analysis statisticians. The project involved working with analysts to provide analysis of credit card customer base on demographical basis and forecasting risk. See more positions Education Monmouth University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Computer Science Osmania University Degree Name Bachelor's degree (B.E) Field Of Study Computer Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Warehousing See 16 endorsements for Data Warehousing 16 Data Warehousing Endorsed by 4 of Nikhila’s colleagues at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 12 endorsements for SQL 12 SQL Endorsed by Avinash Muppidi and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 11 endorsements for Business Intelligence 11 Business Intelligence Endorsed by 2 of Nikhila’s colleagues at PNC Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Anne Nguyen, CTS LION Bilingual Sr. Recruiter at United Global Solutions, Engineering, Analytics June 5, 2014, Anne was a client of Nikhila’s I have worked with Nikki on two different consulting assignments, and the most recent was with PNC. She has a high level of integrity, is personable, and possesses multiple years of business and technical experience in SAS. Nikki supported various groups in different capacities and has excellent communication skills. She successfully worked with business partners in various functions in designing reporting analytics, and went above and beyond to accomplish goals on time and within budget. I highly recommend her for any role requiring a combination of business and technical skills. Anne Nguyen, CTS LION Bilingual Sr. Recruiter at United Global Solutions, Engineering, Analytics July 20, 2011, Nikhila worked with Anne in the same group Nikki is a conscientious and reliable SAS professional. She has a deep understanding of the banking/mortgage industry and demonstrates strong data manipulation and programming abilities within SAS. All who have the chance to speak with her describe her as an enthusiastic individual who is highly personable! It was a treat working with Nikki while I was with Smith Hanley Consulting Group and I believe she will be an asset to any organization within the mortgage arena. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Anne Nguyen, CTS LION Bilingual Sr. Recruiter at United Global Solutions, Engineering, Analytics June 6, 2014, Nikhila worked with Anne but at different companies Anne is one of the most Professional and Energetic recruiters I have ever known. I worked with Anne twice for two different clients and I must say she supported me the whole time. She always wants to make sure how her contractors are performing, checks if there are any concerns from Client/Work. The best thing about Anne, She knows what positions are the right fit for her candidates and takes the time to explain client’s needs.Though I may/may not have been placed with her company she used to follow-up with me all the time. I resoundingly recommend Anne and It’s a pleasure to work with her. Accomplishments Nikhila has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Scrum Master Interests SimulStat Incorporated 173 followers GE 1,426,743 followers Tableau Software 201,882 followers Pulse 1,535,238 followers SAS Professional Forum 43,695 members Cisco 1,440,335 followers See all See all following
More Actions Greg has a account Greg Reda Data Science Lead at Sprout Social, Inc. Sprout Social, Inc. Marquette University Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I focus on the intersection between data science, product, and the business -- building models for the sake of models is silly. I tend to think a lot about closing the feedback loop of product usage and data-driven features -- how can we utilize the data at hand to build a better experience (and features) for our users? See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Greg’s Articles & Activity 718 followers Principles of good data analysis Greg Reda on LinkedIn See all articles Sprout Social is hiring a Senior Manager, Product Design Greg shared this Sprout Social is hiring a Senior Data Engineer Greg shared this See all activity Experience Data Science Lead Company Name Sprout Social, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater Chicago Area - Building, leading, and growing our data science group- Built data infrastructure in AWS with Airflow, Elastic MapReduce, Spark, and Redshift- Sales lead and churn scoring models with Python and scikit-learn Data Science & Strategy Company Name Consultant Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Chicago Area - Helping startups and high growth companies take advantage of their data through analytics, statistics, and machine learning- Clients include two mid-stage startups and one public company Data Scientist Company Name Datascope Analytics Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos - Advanced analytics for an NBA team (player evaluation, draft prep, game strategy)- Designed data infrastructure for a mid-stage startup Manager, Data Analytics Company Name GrubHub Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos - First data science hire- Led a team of three- We owned data research, A/B testing, product analytics & reporting- Worked on data infrastructure (custom built ETL w/ Python, MySQL, Elastic MapReduce, Hive, and Redshift)- Company grew from about 250 to 1000 employees while there Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos - Specialize in data modeling and analysis in support of global organizations subject to high profile, crisis situations- Analyze and derive meaning from millions of records of data using various platforms and programming languages- Direct and review the work of staff; Assist with developing formal training Education Marquette University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Business Economics, Information Technology Volunteer Experience Organizer Company Name PyData - Chicago 2016 Dates volunteered Aug 2016 – Aug 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology Part of the organizing committee for Chicago's first PyData conference. Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 12 endorsements for Python 12 Python Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Greg’s colleagues at Grubhub Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science See 7 endorsements for Data Science 7 Data Science Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Greg’s colleagues at Grubhub Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 2 endorsements for Machine Learning 2 Machine Learning Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (2) Matthew Winkler Analytics Driven Strategist October 5, 2015, Matthew worked with Greg but at different companies Greg has been a wealth of information on approach and techniques as our company has started applying advanced analytic methods using Python. He is extremely current on developments in the field and provided great guidance on striking the balance between creating the most useful model and getting things done. Kurt Elster Senior Ecommerce Consultant, Shopify Expert, Agency Owner, Podcast Host, Business Coach, Author, and Speaker January 16, 2013, Kurt was a client of Greg’s Greg was able to help us troubleshoot performance issues stemming from a client's webapp database. He is highly knowledgeable about MySQL, timely, and easy to work with. I am glad to have him as part of our network of resources. I highly recommend Greg. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Erika Warren VP of Product at Wyzant September 9, 2014, Erika worked with Greg in the same group Erika and I worked together quite a bit at GrubHub, regularly collaborating on features for diner-facing products. I brought the data; she brought product vision and a deep understanding of user wants and needs. Consistently, she demonstrated a unique ability to understand the intricacies of her products' data, all while managing many products with different stakeholders, features, funnels, and opportunities - she knows her stuff inside and out. Importantly, she gracefully navigates landscapes that can at times be wrought with BS, earning the trust of her product teams and allowing them to focus on what they do best - creating and building. Erika raises the skills and passion of her team - she fosters an environment in which everyone happily buys into their role and work, resulting not only in polished products, but a team that trusts each other's expertise and loves working together. Justin Bozonier Lead Data Scientist, Finance & Analytics at GrubHub August 11, 2014, Greg managed Justin directly Justin is an extremely fun, positive, and curious individual who _gets_things_done_. Throughout our year and a half at GrubHub together, I watched Justin have great success building out and developing our approach to split testing, all while patiently sharing his expertise and knowledge with both junior and senior coworkers. His curiosity cannot be emphasized enough - that, coupled with his innate ability to quickly grasp new technologies and concepts makes him a truly unique and valuable analyst/developer/data-nerd/whatever-you-need-him-to-be. He was a pleasure to manage. Accomplishments Greg has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Interview: Boost Data Literacy To Advance In Business Which Fantasy Football Sites Have The Best Projections? How Accurate Are ESPN's Fantasy Football Projections? Greg has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Blog Speaking & Conference Talks Interests Marquette University 85,294 followers Datascope Analytics 1,507 followers Grubhub 13,491 followers Sprout Social, Inc. 13,194 followers Pulse 1,535,238 followers Marquette University 86,966 followers See all See all following
More Actions Serene has a account Serene Zawaydeh, MBA Bilingual Analyst Looking for Next Opportunity | MBA, Finance| Analytics, Data Visualization Groupe Média TFO ESCP Europe Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Worked with Groupe Media TFO on a project to research Business Intelligence solutions to integrate data from different platforms.Bilingual - Trilingual analyst (French, English, plus Arabic... and learned German). Expertise in research, analysis, report writing across industries and markets, delivering value added evidence and recommendations for stakeholder value.MBA studies in French, with Finance focused thesis, completed level 1 of CFA. B.Sc. in Electrical Engineering. Certificate in Big Data - Management of Enterprise Data Analytics. Completed courses in Business Analysis; Leadership (Negotiations, Critical Thinking, DNA of Top Performers). Tested tools Tableau, Power BI, R (data visualization, multi-linear regression), Python (multi-linear regression and dimension reduction); Weka (clustering, classification, decision trees), ; Open Refine (data cleansing); Watson Analytics (Data Exploration), SQL (Oracle SQL, PostgreSQL, MS SQL), MATLAB (Digital Signal Processing, Wavelets). Hobbies: Traveling, learning, attending and volunteering at conferences and meetups, staying up to date with the market and new technologies. Volunteer with Big Data University (Oct 2016). Prepared examples for an online course on Data Visualization using R.Academic Research Interested in bridging the gap between Digital Signal Processing and Finance. Suggested using Wavelets for the analysis of stock data in my MBA thesis (in French). Authored a paper entitled "Big Data, Investment Management, and Wavelets". Used Wavelets for the analysis of non stationary ECG signals in my Electrical Engineering thesis.http://www.slideshare.net/SereneZawaydehhttps://public.tableau.com/profile/serene.zawaydeh#!/ See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Serene’s Activity 2,318 followers An Introduction to Spatial Data Analysis and Visualization in R Serene liked ―Active versus Passive Investing in Frontier Stock Markets Serene liked We are adding a number of interns to our funded start up that's disrupting the recruiting industry for finance professionals. If you are in business school or are a recent grad looking for an opportunity, please DM me for more information. Serene liked Voting for the RBC Top 25 Canadian Immigrant Awards has begun Serene commented Careers Serene liked The City of Toronto's Children's Services Division is hiring a Business Intelligence & Analytics Developer! For information and to apply, visit: http://bit.ly/2pYgGvW. Posting closes May 24, 2017. Serene shared this See all activity Experience Chargée de Projet, Outil d'Analyse, Secteur Marketing / Business Intelligence Analyst (Contract) Company Name Groupe Média TFO Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Short term contract to manage a project on data analytics tools and business intelligence solutions. (Chargée de Projet, Outil d'Analyse). - Proved ability to work in a Francophone environment. Communication at Groupe Media TFO was in French (written and spoken). - Translated requirements from French to English. Prepared documentation and discussed findings in French.- Contacted 30+ solution providers and talked to over 50 specialists in Business Intelligence.- Researched solution providers in Gartner's Majic Quadrant for Business Intelligence, February 2017. - Validated requirements; met with internal stakeholders- Prepared a benchmark of different solutions.- Created and delivered a presentation highlighting findings. - Documented next steps for the project, creating a reference for future team members.Groupe Média TFO is an essential destination for audiences seeking innovative educational and cultural content in French, at the vanguard of digital learning. TFO’s channel is the number one French-language YouTube channel in Canada. Data Science Volunteering & Courses Company Name Big Data University; Udemy Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Volunteer: Data visualization using R; Big Data University- Word Clouds: Challenges facing Syrian Refugees - Income Ranges in Canada - NBA Players Statistics - Waffle Charts – Retail FoodData Visualization using Tableau and Power BI; Udemy- Tableau 10 A-Z: Hands-On Tableau Training for Data Science- Tableau 9 Advanced Training: Master Tableau for Data Science- Microsoft Power BI A-Z: Hands On Power BI Training for Data Science (Data visualization) SQL - SQL & Database Design A-Z: Hands On Data Science Exercises (MS SQL Management Studio, Postgre SQL) - The Complete Oracle SQL Certification Course Strategic Reporting Officer | Strategy and Finance | Planning Performance & Analysis (Contract) Company Name CBC/Radio-Canada Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Toronto, Canada Area - Prepared Key Performance Indicators (KPI) Management Dashboard on a monthly basis - Developed presentations graphically displaying trends in indicators (TV, Radio, Digital)- Analyzed monthly programming indicators and variances (cost, hours, audience)- Investigated data, identified and reported discrepancies- Communicated with stakeholders to ensure timely and accurate delivery of information.- Documented findings and procedures, to facilitate knowledge transfer to team members.Independent CoursesLeadership Essentials - University of Toronto School of Continuing Studies - DNA of Top Performers (June 2016) - Grade: A- Powerful Negotiation Skills (April 2016) - Grade: A Contractor Company Name RefinePro Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Worked with RefinePro on a project for Grand Challenges Canada. This was part of a project to migrate data into Fluxx system for Grant Management and Impact Tracking. Implemented the given data mapping into OpenRefine and Excel. Used Vlookup, Index Match to consolidate data from different excel sheets into one sheet. Documented OpenRefine testing. Highlighted points for review. SAS Courses Company Name Metro College of Technology Dates Employed Feb 2015 – May 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada SAS I and SAS II programming See more positions Education ESCP Europe Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Activities and Societies: ESCP Europe was ranked 2nd in 2012 in Financial Times' global Master in Management league table. Le programme MBA Exécutif de l’ESA est conjointement organisé avec ESCP Europe.Mémoire: « Etudes d’événements sur des opérations financières et d’acquisitions, et application aux cas de deux opérateurs de télécom Arabes».---------------------------------------------------------------------------------Niveau comparable à l'Ontario: Mastère en Administration des Affaires. Rapport d'évaluation fourni par ICAS - Service Canadien d'évaluation de documents scolaires internationaux.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ESA BUSINESS SCHOOL Degree Name MBA Exécutif Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Joint program with ESCP Europe. Tuition in French language. Scholarship from French Cultural Center - Amman. Mémoire: « Etudes d’événements sur des opérations financières et d’acquisitions, et application aux cas de deux opérateurs de télécom Arabes».EditRe-order sectionCentre de Recherches et d’Etudes Doctorales de l’Ecole Supérieure des Affaires (ESA)July 8, 2008Preparé par: Serene ZawaydehSous la direction de: Pr. Alain ChevalierMBA Thesis Applied “Event Study” methodology to research value creation of financial operations, (including acquisitions, divestiture, capital increase, dividend distribution) for Zain and Orascom Telecom Holding. Applied CAPM model; calculated Beta; and studied market efficiency. Highlighted that Beta changes with the change in window of event, and suggested the need to apply other methods for analyzing non stationary signals. For example, Wavelets and Digital Signal Processing techniques could be useful for the analysis of financial data. I had used Wavelets for the analysis of non stationary biomedical signals in my Electrical Engineering thesis. Media (1) This position has 1 media MEMOIRE - ZAWAYDEH Serene -ESA- EMBA 10 MEMOIRE - ZAWAYDEH Serene -ESA- EMBA 10 This media is a document Jordan University of Science and Technology (JUST) Degree Name B.Sc. Electrical Engineering Field Of Study Communications and Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1998 Activities and Societies: IEEE Digital Signal Processing Thesis: "Discrete Wavelet Analysis and Applications to ECG and PCG Signals". The Wavelet Transform is used to analyze non stationary signals. In this Digital Signal Processing project, I used MATLAB to design a 19 Level Wavelet Packet Filter Bank system, to analyze biomedical Electrocardiogram (ECG) and Phonocardiogram (PCG) signals. Incoming signals were divided into a group of signals at different frequency bands. Results showed that Wavelets could be used for early detection of heart problems. Media (1) This position has 1 media Serene Zawaydeh -Electrical Engineering Thesis. Wavelets - ECG. 1997. Serene Zawaydeh -Electrical Engineering Thesis. Wavelets - ECG. 1997. This media is a document See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer. Data Science Company Name Big Data University Dates volunteered Oct 2016 – Oct 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Preparing examples for a course on Data Visualization using R. Bénévole – Programme de Citoyenneté Company Name CENTRE FRANCOPHONE DE TORONTO Dates volunteered 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs Cause Social Services Volunteer, Conference Organization Company Name Data Unconference Dates volunteered Jun 2015 – Jun 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology Volunteered before and on conference day. Finding speakers, marketing, social media, communication, website updates, in addition to event day support.The Data Unconference held in Toronto on June 19, 2015. http://dataunconference.ca/The Unconference is a participant-driven meeting. Topics covered include Data Governance; Open Data; Tools and Software, including data discovery with OpenRefine, working with NoSQL Databases; and broader topics like the Internet of Things. See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 63 endorsements for Financial Analysis 63 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Elie Nassar, CFA, CMA, FRM, CIPM and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Serene’s colleagues at University of Ontario Institute of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 57 endorsements for Financial Modeling 57 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Svetlana Valerie Morozova, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Serene’s colleagues at University of Ontario Institute of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 55 endorsements for Research 55 Research Endorsed by 3 of Serene’s colleagues at University of Ontario Institute of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (7) Jonathon Ennis, CFA AVP, Senior Analyst at Mackenzie Investments August 9, 2013, Serene worked with Jonathon in the same group I was introduced to Serene through TRIEC's The Mentoring Partnership. The program connects skilled, job-ready immigrants with mentors at a variety of companies and organizations in Toronto. Mackenzie has contributed more than 100 partnerships / matches since 2008. Serene has incredible energy and enthusiasm for researching and presenting on subjects in the investment management business, as well as the realms of technology, education, and government. I believe that she would be an asset for any organization. She is an outgoing, self-starter who is very likely to exceed all expectations.Throughout the four month program, Serene has demonstrated much creativity and persistence during her search for a career opportunity that will allow her to apply her considerable education and vast international experience. Nizar Bustani Senior Financial Analyst at Dearin & Associates February 23, 2014, Nizar worked with Serene but at different companies Serene has significant exposure to the telecommunications sector, she is quite strong on the mathematical front, bases her reasoning on factual information, highly ethical, tends to structure her conclusions in isolation of industry norms & group-like thinking, she is a remarkable individual and a well-respected analyst. I highly recommend Serene for management consulting and investment banking positions. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Nizar Bustani Senior Financial Analyst at Dearin & Associates February 21, 2014, Serene worked with Nizar but at different companies Nizar has extensive experience in the financial services industry, built on a solid educational background and a career long learning objective. He is a trustworthy, detail oriented, well versed financial analyst. Through his career in equity research and valuations, private equity, investment banking, advisory and due diligence, he has proven analytical expertise across industries that enable him to have a valuable contribution to every team he joins. I highly value Nizar's advice and recommendations. He had a positive impact on my career. Jonathon Ennis, CFA AVP, Senior Analyst at Mackenzie Investments October 5, 2013, Serene worked with Jonathon but at different companies I am very glad that I got matched to my mentor, Jonathon Ennis, CFA, through TREIC Mentoring Partnership program. It has been a great opportunity for me to get to know a self-made professional Investment Analyst with experience in the Canadian market. I would like to thank Jonathon for volunteering his time during his busy schedule throughout the mentoring partnership agreement. He provided me with his much appreciated advice; listened to my ideas, and provided me with his opinion at a time when feedback from a knowledgeable professional in the market made a difference. Jonathon maintained weekly contact with me through one-on-one meetings and email communication. He provided me with data and information on the market that I did not know of; arranged for informational interviews, which in fact were my first informational interviews; provided me with the opportunity to attend a networking event in the financial industry; provided me with references to further learn from. I am very grateful for the attention and guidance that I received from Jonathon. I wish Jonathon all the best in his career in the investment industry. I would like to thank Mackenzie Investments' team members that I got the chance to meet during this mentoring program. Thanks to Mackenzie Investments for its engagement in TRIEC Mentoring Partnership Program. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Serene has 24 publications 24 Expand publications section Publications Al-Eqbal Investment Company (EICO) Equity Report 2011 Bank of Palestine (BOP) Equity Report 2011 2010 Financial Results for Companies Listed on Amman Stock Exchange Palestine Telecommunication Company (PALTEL) Equity Report Jordan's Economic Indicators 2010 Palestine Stock Exchange 9M 2010 Results Lafarge Cement Jordan (JOCM) Equity Report 2010 H1 2010 Financial Results for Companies Listed on Amman Stock Exchange Jordan Telecom (JTEL) Q1 2010 Equity Report Arab Potash Company (APOT) Q1 2010 Equity Report Update Serene has 5 courses 5 Expand courses section Courses PowerBI A-Z: Hands On PowerBI Training For Data Science SQL & Database Design A-Z: Hands On Data Science Exercises Tableau 10: A to Z Hands-On Tableau Training for Data Science! Instructor: Kirill Eremenko - Super Data Science Team. Udemy Tableau 9 Advanced Training: Master Tableau for Data Science. Instructor: Kirill Eremenko The Complete Oracle SQL Certification Course - Instructor: Imtiaz Ahmad- Udemy Serene has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English French German Serene has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Association des Alumni des Grandes Ecoles Francaises en Ontario (AAGEF) Jordanian Engineers Association HAPPEN Canada Serene has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Level 1 of the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) program. Successfully completed. Diplôme de Français des Affaires, 2ème degré (DFA 2) Serene has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards MBA Scholarship One month Scholarship. Intensive course in German language in Germany. Serene has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project "Hire Immigrants in Canada". LinkedIn Networking Group. Interests Raymond James Ltd. 10,404 followers Lindt & Sprüngli 38,120 followers Arabic Speaking Finance Professionals 328 members AECOM 396,920 followers PMG Intelligence 113 followers Pinnacle Private Capital 24 followers See all See all following
More Actions Harshavardhan has a account Harshavardhan Kuppili Sr, Application Architect at PNC PNC Andhra University Columbus, Ohio Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • More than 13 years of experience in Project Planning, Effort estimation, Risks and Dependency Analysis, Data Solution Architecting, Information Architecting, Project Management, Project Architecting, Enterprise Architecting, Integration Architecting, ETL Development, Data warehousing, Database Administration and Application Development.• Extensive experience delivering time critical and high Technical complex projects with Multivendor teams followed by industry accepted SDLC processes like Iterative Model or Agile model. • Experience on Master Data Consolidation, Master Data Harmonization, Enterprise Application Integration (EAI), Enterprise Information Integration (EII), Customer Data integration (CDI) and Global Data Synchronization (GDS), Change Data Capture (CDC)• Vast experience in Re-Engineering and Reverse Engineering Projects, delivering conversion and Migration projects with high quality and on-time.• Worked extensively in ETL Development using Microsoft SSIS, IBM Data Stage, Informatica and many more ETL tools.• Expertise in Developing Integration Architecture for large Market Data feeds and Heterogeneous Source for Banking, Health care, Retail Domains. • Experience in Data modeling, Star and snowflake schemas, Dimensions and Fact Tables.• Certified in Big Data Analytics and having good Knowledge in Big Data Technology and excited to work and explore Industry best practices to build any new infrastructure. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr, Application Architect Company Name PNC Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Columbus, Ohio Area Integration Architect - Technical Lead Company Name Nationwide Insurance Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area • Enterprise systems integration Analysis and New Systems integration Analysis.• Architecture Design and Presentation to top management on Architecture Decisions approvals.• Business Alignment to Architectural Decisions.• Inputs to Project Planning and Strategic Development plan with risks, mitigation and high level mile stones.• Reverse Engineering to existing systems and providing technical solutions• Bringing new architecture in DW using industry best practices.• Development and Deployment to QA and UAT planning.• Determination of business sign-off and Sr. Data Integration Architect Company Name JPMorgan Chase & Co. Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Columbus, ohio Architectural Solutions, Technical Project Management,Data Integration Architecting in Data warehouse design and development, Media (1) This position has 1 media An Entrepreneur's Checklist An Entrepreneur's Checklist This media is a document ETL Conversion Lead Company Name Cardinal Health Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location columbus area, ohio Data Integration Architect ETL Conversion lead Integration Architect Company Name Wipro Technologies Dates Employed May 2004 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 8 yrs 2 mos Architectural Solutions for complex Systems integration. See more positions Education Andhra University Degree Name Bachelors in Computer Science Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Rotory Club and Student Association Volunteer Experience Executive Committee President Company Name Sri Sai Baba Temple Society of Ohio Dates volunteered Jan 2012 – Dec 2013 Volunteer duration 2 yrs Cause Social Services Trustee Company Name Sri Saibaba Temple Society of Ohio Dates volunteered Jul 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 11 mos Cause Social Services Vice-President Company Name FIA Federation of Indian Association Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Dec 2015 Volunteer duration 2 yrs Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Warehousing See 86 endorsements for Data Warehousing 86 Data Warehousing Endorsed by Muni Kumar Jinka and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Harshavardhan’s colleagues at Nationwide Insurance Click and drag to reorder skills ETL See 78 endorsements for ETL 78 ETL Endorsed by 2 of Harshavardhan’s colleagues at Nationwide Insurance Click and drag to reorder skills Data Integration See 48 endorsements for Data Integration 48 Data Integration Endorsed by Sunil Soni, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Harshavardhan’s colleagues at Nationwide Insurance Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Sheldon Cousino, PMP, CSM Program Manager at Optimum Technology November 15, 2010, Sheldon managed Harshavardhan directly Harshavardhan Kuppili held a key leadership role for Cardinal Health’s migration from Informatica’s ETL tool set to IBM’s DataStage project. Harsha is an experienced and results-oriented leader with strong ETL skills and knowledge as well as a solid understanding of information technology, systems integration, and infrastructure – he is good with people, process, and technology. He is detail oriented, decisive, and accountable, has a strong technical background that allows him to positively influence design and approaches to solve the challenges and requirements of a project. Harsha always has a can-do attitude and is a strong/confident team leader that holds people accountable to their assigned tasks. His strong background in ETL technology was an asset to the team and allowed him to exceed expectations in the conversion processes. It would be a pleasure to work with Harsha on future projects. Trinadh Bonam - SAFe(SPC), PMI-ACP, CSM, ISTQB-TM Agile Project/Program Manager/Agile Cultivator at Infosys Ltd. June 8, 2010, Trinadh Bonam worked with Harshavardhan in different groups Harsha a talented resource with lots of humor. He is multi talented and very strong at DB and migration activities. He creates healthy environment in the project. I am happy to be one of his colleagues. Atleast one resource of this kind should be in any project in order make the project smooth. Harsha I wish you all the best. Madhuri Shiraskar , PMP , ISTQB QA Analyst II at GRANGE ISNURANCE January 19, 2017, Harshavardhan worked with Madhuri but at different companies Madhuri has great analytical skills which amazed me, she is the best apt fit for any challenging roles in IT sector. I can recommend her for any positions in any IT sector company. Now a days the IT job is not just a technical skills, more than that. Madhuri has industry best technical skills as well great community Analytical skills. Accomplishments Harshavardhan has 8 certifications 8 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Analytics Using Hadoop Eco System Big Data Scientist - Hadoop Appache 21 Critical Lessons for Enterpreneurs An Entrepreneur's Checklist Master in Big Data and Hadoop Administration Professional Communication Essentials The Enterprise Lean Startup Survival Guide BigData Hadoop - Udemy Certified Architect Harshavardhan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Harshavardhan has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course BidData Data Analyst Harshavardhan has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Best Speaker - Youth Rotary Club Interests Data Warehousing Professionals Group 13,340 members Ohio State Bar Association 4,331 followers Cardinal Health 158,676 followers Satya NadellaSatya Nadella is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Microsoft 1,143,758 followers Accenture 2,718,662 followers SQL Server Developers 66,224 members See all See all following
More Actions Jennifer M. has a account Jennifer M. Smith Director of Data Management at Nike Nike University of South Florida Portland, Oregon Area 332 332 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent An experienced scientist with broad expertise across a range of disciplines. An industrious, organized and detail-oriented critical thinker with a results-driven mentality. Fosters excellent working relationships through strong communication and project management skills. Has a unique balance of technical and business experience which supports a strong understanding of how research aligns with corporate goals. Maintains a high degree of integrity and accountability for responsibilities.Areas of Excellence• Experimental design and data analysis • Software and prototype development• Statistical methodologies • Data modeling• Medical diagnostics and their underlying technologies• Intellectual property development and management• Creates innovative approaches to problem solving • Strong professional adaptability • Excellent listening, writing, and speaking skills Professional Accomplishments• Expertise in data analysis including multivariate analysis, regression modeling, sampling strategies, time series analysis, statistical models, cross-validation, and Monte Carlo methodologies • Led and managed statistical and data analysis function of large clinical study • Primary author of over 60 analysis and data management programs • Developed targeted algorithms to for data cleaning, treatment, and retrieval• Compilation, data reduction and statistical analysis of high resolution multi-year data • Experience in using multiple data sources to develop strategies that are insightful and actionable• Manager of intellectual property development and strategic planning including US and foreign patents and trade secrets• Management and review of non-disclosure agreements, licenses, contracts • Developed marketing materials for private equity financing and investor relations • Active interface between scientific and business teams to create informed product development decisions • Highly adept at functioning in fast-paced and dynamic environments See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Jennifer M.’s Activity 332 followers Highlights Nike Breaking2 - Monza 06/05/2017 Jennifer M. liked See all activity Experience Director of Data Management, NXT-Sport Research Company Name Nike Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Data Analyst II - Data Insights, NXT Sport Research Company Name Nike Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Portland, Oregon Area Consulting Scientist Company Name Claro Scientific, LLC Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Affiliate Assistant Professor Company Name University of South Florida Dates Employed 2008 – 2014 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area Principal Scientist Company Name Claro Scientific, LLC Dates Employed 2006 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area Founding employee of medical diagnostic start-up using biophotonic measurement technology platform to enable rapid and inexpensive detection and characterization of infectious agents in bodily fluids. Expertise in detection and characterization of infectious agents in bodily fluids and strong capacity for experimental design and data analysis with an emphasis on statistical methodologies. See more positions Education University of South Florida Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Marine Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Texas A&M University Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Oceanography Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Linfield College Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Science See 43 endorsements for Science 43 Science Endorsed by Jacqueline Dixon and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Jennifer M.’s colleagues at University of South Florida Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 33 endorsements for Data Analysis 33 Data Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer M.’s colleagues at Claro Scientific, LLC Endorsed by 6 people who know Data Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 28 endorsements for Statistics 28 Statistics Endorsed by 10 of Jennifer M.’s colleagues at University of South Florida Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (2) Robert Yerex Senior Data Scientist at University of Virginia Health System April 18, 2014, Jennifer M. worked with Robert in the same group I have had the delightful experience of working with Jennifer in the Nike Sport Research Lab. As a statistician, the most important resource for me is qualified, organized, context sensitive data. In any large organization, this can be a real challenge. Jennifer brings an intuitive sense of understanding to the task of capturing data, in its many forms, and organizing it in a meaningful way that enables an understanding of the relevant context. In a chaotic data environment, Jennifer brings a needed sense of order. In situations where the overall goal seems daunting and distant, Jennifer charts a practical path forward in incremental steps that can be measured and communicated. She is detail oriented while able to keep an eye on the big picture. Jennifer is organized, directive where necessary and hands on where needed. Joel Bellucci Senior Motion Graphics Animator at Bisk Education February 18, 2013, Jennifer M. worked with Joel in the same group Among Jennifer's many qualities, talents and skills, the one that stands out most for me is her ability to effectively and efficiently communicate. It's so often the case that people talk a lot but say little. Jennifer, on the other hand, makes every word count, both with written andverbal communication.Among her many accomplishments as a PhD student, Jennifer was the winner of USF's College of Marine Science Graduate Student Symposium three years in a row, after which she retired from the competition in order to let someone else win.Thanks to her communication skills and deep knowledge of both science and business, Jennifer has the ability to bridge the gap between those two worlds. She's adept at being the diplomat, the liason, the person who keeps communication flowing forward.When creating the website for Claro Scientific, Jennifer was my primary contact with the organization. She facilitated the site's development by effectively communicating information between her colleagues and myself. The result was one of the most efficient and enoyable development processes I've ever been a part of. I consider Claro to be that rarest of things, the dream client, thanks to Jennifer's professional handling of information exchange.Add to all this the fact that Jennifer is as friendly as she is professional and you have a rare find, indeed. I can wholeheartedly endorse Jennifer. She has been and will continue to be an invaluable member of every team she serves with. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Robert Yerex Senior Data Scientist at University of Virginia Health System April 23, 2014, Robert was senior to Jennifer M. but didn’t manage directly Robert has an extensive and sophisticated grasp of statistical theory and its practical application. He brings a robust and thoughtful perspective to analytical problem solving and can draw upon his diverse experience to match the best approach to difficult problems. He is also able to develop keen insights from seemingly intractable analytical problems. Beyond the strength of his technical prowess, Robert is a diligent and hard-working professional. Working with Robert, I know that he delivers results on time and is a kind, thoughtful, and enjoyable person. Joel Bellucci Senior Motion Graphics Animator at Bisk Education February 15, 2013, Jennifer M. was a client of Joel’s Joel built the website for our company. He was great to work with and produced a quality product. One of the best things about working with Joel was his responsiveness to our needs was a pro in handing over the reins for us to manage our own site. Joel was incredibly helpful when our host server got hacked. Because he had done such a good job designing the site and backing up all our materials, we escaped unscathed.In addition to being a great person to work with, Joel also has superb talents in visual effects. I have seen his effects work in a variety of media: movies, animations, visualizations, and presentations. I would give Joel my highest recommendation. He is a consummate professional. Accomplishments Jennifer M. has 12 publications 12 Expand publications section Publications Multiwavelength transmission spectroscopy revisited for the characterization of protein and polystyrene mixtures Multiwavelength transmission spectroscopy revisited for the characterization of protein and polystyrene nanoparticle interactions Detection of particulate contaminants and protein aggregates in protein solution using multi wavelength transmission spectroscopy (MWT) Multiwavelength transmission spectroscopy revisited for micron and submicron particle characterization Reagent-free bacterial identification using multivariate analysis of transmission spectra Multi-wavelength spectroscopy of oriented erythrocytes A new method for the detection of microorganisms in blood cultures: Application of a quantitative interpretation model to aerobic blood cultures A new method for the detection of microorganisms in blood cultures Part I: Theoretical analysis and simulation of blood culture processes Quantitative interpretations of Visible-NIR reflectance spectra of blood Application of paleoclimatology to coral reef monitoring and management Jennifer M. has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Jennifer M. has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Detecting microorganisms in blood utilizing physical and chemical changes in blood Interests Nike 1,193,800 followers CyberCoders 167,023 followers Kaiser Permanente 322,517 followers University of South Florida 218,548 followers Pacific Northwest Networking 7,135 members Linfield College 13,326 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rayneeda has a account Rayneeda Mitchell Production Manager at Medleh Group LIT Group, Inc. Houston, Texas Area 17 17 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name LIT Group, Inc. Data Analyst Company Name FileControl Partners Dates Employed 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs Featured Skills & Endorsements IPRO See 1 endorsement for IPRO 1 IPRO Julie Davidson has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Relativity See 1 endorsement for Relativity 1 Relativity Fouad Khawaja has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,238 followers LIT Group, Inc. 111 followers
More Actions Jamie has a account Jamie Anderson Account Manager at Veredus, a Hays Company Veredus, a Hays Company University of Colorado Boulder Dallas/Fort Worth Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent We are the global leaders in recruitment, providing expert staffing and full-time hiring solutions in 20 discipline areas. Our experts placed 269,000 worldwide. With our local market knowledge and global reach, we better understand recruitment needs and make the perfect match. In the US, our 250 recruiting experts serve 30 states from our 12 offices. We provide expert service in IT, Construction & Property, Life Sciences and Oil & Gas. For more information visit www.vereduscorp.com or www.hays-us.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Account Manager | .NET | UI | UX | QA | Mobile | SQL | IT Project Manager | Company Name Veredus, a Hays Company Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Veredus provides the best IT professionals for contract and permanent placement. Specializing in placing Front-End Designers/ Developers, Back-End Developers, Full Stack Developers, IOS Developers, Android Developers, Business Analysts, Project Managers, and Data Analysts in the Dallas market. My most recent placements include but not limited to: UI/UX Designer, Mobile Developer, Project Manager, Business Analyst, Data Analyst, JAVA Developer, PHP Developer, SQL Developer, Software Engineer, Quality Assurance Analyst, and SQL DBA.Veredus was formed in 2000 by a group of technology staffing professionals who believed there was a better way to match employers with employees. They examined every step of the process to find improvement and Veredus took off. That commitment to innovation and great results is still at work today and has experienced unprecedented growth.Veredus is an award winning company with a total commitment to quality, integrity, and first class service. Veredus takes the time to understand your business needs and strive to be a trusted partner that you can count on. Veredus is privately held and has locations nationwide as well as a Veredus Recruiting Center. Talent Acquisition Specialist Company Name Vertex Solutions - Dallas/Fort Worth TX Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Vertex Solutions LLC is a full service recruiting firm Headquartered in Dallas-Forth Worth with nationwide staffing, sourcing, and placement capabilities. With a servant mentality, we place our clients and prospective job seekers first so we can design a customized approach to maximize the talent hiring and job seeking experience. We develop talent acquisition frameworks that are customized, scalable, and repeatable. These services include, but are not limited to, direct hire recruitment, consulting, and contract-to-hire staffing.As a talent acquisition specialist, I screen and match applicants to specific technical positions and facilitate meetings between the hiring manager and applicant. I specialize in placing professionals in the AEC industry. My goal to our job seekers is not only to find the best opportunity available, but to become a trusted partner that continually focuses on their best interests all the time. Intern Company Name Luggage Jacket Dates Employed May 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Education University of Colorado Boulder Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Alpha Chi Omega, National Society of Collegiate Scholars, CU equestrian team Featured Skills & Endorsements Talent Acquisition See 75 endorsements for Talent Acquisition 75 Talent Acquisition Endorsed by Marlo Needham and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jamie’s colleagues at Veredus, a Hays Company Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 69 endorsements for Management 69 Management Endorsed by 2 of Jamie’s colleagues at Veredus, a Hays Company Endorsed by 7 people who know Management Click and drag to reorder skills Temporary Placement See 68 endorsements for Temporary Placement 68 Temporary Placement Endorsed by Marlo Needham and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jamie’s colleagues at Veredus, a Hays Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Technology 20,769,680 followers Texas Young Professionals (Houston, Dallas, San Antonio, Austin & Fort Worth Chapters) 91,652 members AIA Dallas Women in Architecture 230 members University of Colorado Boulder Alumni 36,067 members Hays 1,686,973 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,065,014 followers See all See all following
More Actions Damara has a account Damara Carlentine Sr. Business Analyst at McDonald's Corporation McDonald's Corporation College of DuPage Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Accomplished Sr. Business Analyst with broad technical knowledge combined with excellent customer support ability and creative problem solving skills in both strategic and tactical areas. Worked closely with various project stakeholders, SME’s, and staff to understand and document business requirements for enhancements to existing applications. Rendered support to Project Lead throughout the project’s lifecycle including collection and documentation of business requirements, preparation of related process documentation, preparation of change control documentation, and coordination of user acceptance testing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Business Analyst Company Name McDonald's Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Oakbrook Defines the business requirements and technology-independent processes and data models for technology solutions that meet the needs for various business areas. Bridges the gap between the business customer and the technology solution providers (e.g., vendors, infrastructure team, development team, etc.). Key customers include users of the I/S solution, and the leadership of those McDonald's departments. Business Analyst Company Name McDonald's Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Oakbrook, IL Content Management System Digital Menu Board Accomplishments • Business Analyst on gathering and documenting the CMS requirements for next generation Digital Menu Board (Experience of the Future).• Partnered with U.S. Digital, Marketing and Suppliers to ensure requirements met business needs/priorities. • Executed on-time deliverables and approvals for supplier RFP. NewPOS Accomplishments • Lead Business Analyst on gathering and documenting the POS business requirements for Mobile Digital Offers, Mobile Ordering and Create your Taste (a.k.a. Build Your Burger).• Partnered with COE development teams to ensure design meets the requirements prior to handoff to Integration. • Lead and execute Integrated Product Testing (IPT) to validate feature functionality and uncover major defects prior to handoff to Quality Assurance. • Review and gain all documents approval on requirements from cross functional teams and stakeholders. Release Management Accomplishments• Release Scope Process and Management – Working with a cross functional team, deliberated a list of potential release feature candidates to ultimately arrive at a narrow scope (i.e. SP5).• Requirements Management Plan (RMP) – Adopted a new step within the Requirements Gathering process. The RMP details the Business Analyst’s actions necessary to obtain approval from all necessary stakeholders for a feature or project. The RMP also serves as the foundation document for a kickoff meeting with a cross functional team and stakeholders. • Requirements Prototyping – Prototyping is used in the requirements phase to demonstrate a concept and options. Prototyping captures the “To Be” and produces a means to elicit requirements in a more productive manner. Integrated Product Testing Accomplishments• Integrated Product Testing starts with solid requirements and feature knowledge. Created Use Case Scenarios and IPT Plans. Technical Support Analyst Company Name Nicor Gas Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Responsible for working directy with the Business Units and Project Leads supporting client needs with the ability to examine and solve business problems by conducting root cause analysis and designing process and system improvements to increase productivity and enhance system quality in the Customer Care & Billing (CC&B) system.• Assisted with identifying improvements to eliminate multiple business process workarounds across several cross functional areas of operation for the Final Bill Transfers Project; resulted in $165k annually and $150k saved in operating expenses.• Skilled at documenting use case development for Cost/Benefit analysis. Designed and assisted with the implementation of 3 new CC&B screens for the BQA department improving operational efficiency; resulting in a 10% reduction in processing time for BQA and 25% for BQA field.• Increased Application Performance in CC&B by 5% for system abends (WET Project).• Served as Test Lead on several Regulatory and Compliance projects utilizing testing tools to design and develop test scripts. Performed and faciliated execution sessions for user acceptance testing.• Played key role in the implementation of new regulatory PIPP program. • Demonstrated to Sr. Management a new Proof of Concept loan automation initiave utilizing new system functionality in CC&B for the On-Bill Financing program.• Evaluated business processes and implemented changes that improved CC&B production effectiveness, reducing processing time for an overall cost savings. Business System Analyst Company Name MidAmerica Bank, fsb. Dates Employed Feb 2003 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Technical Skills: Microsoft Excel, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Access, Fiserv/Unifi, Miser/Fasterm, SQL Server databases, Business Intelligence Tools (BI), Mainframe, Progress Responsibilities include: Assists System Manager and served as lead business system analyst on team of 3 tasked to enhance improvement and automation initiatives in Fiserv/Unifi loan application system. Managed the rollover interface software originating 20,000 loans annually into backend software. Participates in Fiserv's client advisory group meetings to discuss and identify areas of opportunity to implement robust solutions increasing production while minimizing risk and controlling costs. Works closely with lending operation management to gather business requirements and established technical specifications to implement projects live. Documented system and business requirements / specifications. Designed test-case scenarios, root-cause analysis and user acceptance testing. Payroll Administrator Company Name U.S. Electric Dates Employed Feb 1999 – Jun 2003 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Responsibilities include: Worked closely with office manager on payroll and accounts payable/receivable. Managed vendor accounts. Generated weekly on demand checks. Coordinated monthly payroll functions for 200 contracted electricians. Reviewed automatic payroll processing items, including salaries, deductions, and tax withholdings Education College of DuPage Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2000 Waubonsee Community College Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 Volunteer Experience McDonald's Bowl for Kids Sake Team Captain Company Name Big Brothers Big Sisters of Metropolitan Chicago Dates volunteered Apr 2016 – Apr 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Organized a team of 6 @ McDonald's Corporation to participate in Bowl for Kids' Sake, which is a fundraiser for Big Brothers Big Sisters. Partnering with Big Brothers Big Sisters through Bowl for Kids’ Sake makes a positive, long-lasting impact on children in our community. It works to help broaden children’s perspectives and help them learn how to make good choices. It starts a child on the path to fulfilling their potential – and succeeding in school and life. Featured Skills & Endorsements Software Documentation See 35 endorsements for Software Documentation 35 Software Documentation Endorsed by Lucy Aguilera and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Damara’s colleagues at McDonald's Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 32 endorsements for Business Analysis 32 Business Analysis Endorsed by Andi Williams and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Damara’s colleagues at McDonald's Click and drag to reorder skills Process Improvement See 29 endorsements for Process Improvement 29 Process Improvement Michael Alberse and 28 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Matthew Faber Applications Technical Lead at Tyson Foods February 13, 2008, Matthew was senior to Damara but didn’t manage directly I write to recommend Damara Carlentine as a Business Analyst or Systems Analyst.As Vice President and Programming Manager at MidAmerica Bank, I manage a team of 12 professionals as well as overseeing many projects. She has worked with me on several projects, and has worked closely with my team member on numerous others.Damara is a very analytical person and adapts very quickly to change. She is skilled at problem solving and communicating with a variety of people. Her organizational skills and innovative thinking enable her to successfully deliver projects of any size or scope on-time and within budget.Damara has worked on several key projects including a reengineering of the data load process from our loan origination system to our mainframe application, greatly reducing the number of errors during processing which greatly increased productivity. She has also managed the majority of our loan origination projects and has successfully implemented all of them. She helped to establish and create testing policies for her group and made sure they were adhered to, working with end-users, managers, and IT staff to complete the projects. Damara has also managed many system releases and updates for our loan origination system.I strongly believe Damara will be a great addition to any company and I wholeheartedly recommend her. Rosalie Sprovieri (Burgos) Senior Account Executive at NE Communications, Inc. February 13, 2008, Damara was a client of Rosalie’s I was Damara's direct supervisor at U.S. Electric. She was a very personable, efficient, self-motivated employee. Her work performance was exceptional and if the opportunity arose I would not hesitate to re-hire her. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Damara has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards McDonald's Corporation 2015 Unsung Hero Award McDonald's Corporatoin 2013 Unsung Hero Award Damara has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Damara has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Womens Leadership Network Interests AGL Resources 7,564 followers Barbara CorcoranBarbara Corcoran is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-Founder of Barbara Corcoran Venture Partners 799,032 followers Business Analysts 139,845 members Pulse 1,535,239 followers Craig NewmarkCraig Newmark is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at craigconnects and craigslist 961,598 followers College of DuPage 60,080 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rayneeda has a account Rayneeda Mitchell Production Manager at Medleh Group LIT Group, Inc. Houston, Texas Area 17 17 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name LIT Group, Inc. Data Analyst Company Name FileControl Partners Dates Employed 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs Featured Skills & Endorsements IPRO See 1 endorsement for IPRO 1 IPRO Julie Davidson has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Relativity See 1 endorsement for Relativity 1 Relativity Fouad Khawaja has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,240 followers LIT Group, Inc. 111 followers
More Actions Qiqun has a account Qiqun Han Data Analyst at Alibaba.com Alibaba.com Zhejiang University Chaoyang District, Beijing, China 73 73 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent  Aimed to be a chief data scientist, and having been devoted in natural language processing, machine learning, or broader verticals in data analytics. Work hard, and play hard. Always willing to step out of the comfort zone to reach something unfamiliar, and never wanna be stuck in some fixed position. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name Alibaba.com Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Data Analyst Company Name EverString Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Media (1) This position has 1 media EverString | We Are Marketing Intelligence EverString | We Are Marketing Intelligence This media is a link derivative trader Company Name Shanghai Alliance Financial Services Co.,Ltd 上海联和金融信息服务有限公司 Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 1 mo Location shanghai gained trading experience in international investment banks and global hedge funds, based on gradually acquiring the knowledge on the interest rate futures market and other types of global financial derivatives Education Zhejiang University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Meteorology Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Media (1) This position has 1 media Department of Earth Sciences, Zhejiang University Department of Earth Sciences, Zhejiang University This media is a link Qingdao University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 3 endorsements for Python 3 Python Endorsed by Yi Jin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Qiqun’s colleagues at EverString Click and drag to reorder skills Derivatives See 2 endorsements for Derivatives 2 Derivatives Yue Lu and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Trading See 2 endorsements for Trading 2 Trading Yue Lu and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Qiqun has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Zhejiang University 95,834 followers Zhejiang University Alumni 9,554 members China Sourcing, Networking, Import, Export, Trading, Manufacturing 9,033 members 浙江大学 89,787 followers Engadget 644,673 followers KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,128 members See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Balchunas ETF Analyst, Bloomberg Intelligence Bloomberg LP Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-New Brunswick Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Eric’s Activity 1,853 followers You Must Choose One of These Eric commented There Are Now More Indexes Than Stocks Eric liked a comment Enjoying a moment with the legends of ETFs: Dave Nadig and Matthew Hougan. ETF.com Awards Europe. Eric liked ETFs Turn Into Investing World's No. 1 Scapegoat Eric liked BI Government's Benjamin Elliott recently released his outlook on the future of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. With the Senate Banking Committee hearing on May 11, terminal clients can follow all of the action via BI FNFRN<GO> or click on the link below. https://lnkd.in/dsg6khT Eric liked ETFs Turn Into Investing World's No. 1 Scapegoat Eric liked See all activity Experience Senior ETF Analyst & Funds Product Specialist Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed 2000 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs Location Princeton, NJ and New York, NY Eric Balchunas is Senior ETF Analyst at Bloomberg. In this role he writes research, articles and feature stories about ETFs for the Bloomberg terminal and Bloomberg.com. He also appears in a weekly on-air segment for Bloomberg TV and Radio called "Exchange-Traded Friday" in which he discusses different ETFs and the way investors can utilize them. He is author of the new book "The Institutional ETF Toolbox," which was published by Wiley on March 2016. The book is at once a primer on ETFs that both novices and professionals can understand as well as a guide to doing proper due diligence on the fast-growing world of ETFs. The book is available on Amazon.com and most other places books are sold.In addition, he is responsible for training clients and conducting seminars on how to use Bloomberg to find and analyze ETFs. He is also puts out the Bloomberg ETF Newsletter and is a regular speaker at both Bloomberg events as well as industry conferences. Prior to joining the ETF team, Eric was a Public Relations Associate with Bloomberg. Before joining Bloomberg in 2000, Eric worked as a reporter for Institutional Investor Magazine. Eric holds a bachelor's degree in Journalism and Environmental Economics from Rutgers University.Follow on Twitter: @EricBalchunas Public Relations Associate Company Name The Abernathy MacGregor Group Dates Employed Mar 1998 – Jun 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Reporter Company Name Institutional Investor Dates Employed May 1996 – Jul 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Education Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-New Brunswick Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Communication, Journalism, and Related Programs Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Bloomberg See 96 endorsements for Bloomberg 96 Bloomberg Endorsed by Sara Prager and 14 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 17 of Eric’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills ETFs See 94 endorsements for ETFs 94 ETFs Endorsed by Brendan Ahern and 25 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 20 of Eric’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 48 endorsements for Equities 48 Equities Endorsed by Andrew Chanin and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Eric’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests ETF Trading Techniques 1,209 members Bloomberg LP 716,424 followers Rutgers University 267,772 followers ETF Managed Portfolio Professionals 901 members I Worked With Steve Murray 136 members Pulse 1,535,241 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Woodbury Business Services Analyst at Lenovo Lenovo University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Alex’s Articles 561 followers The Evolution of Education is Happening Alex Woodbury on LinkedIn Publish dateOctober 31, 2015 See all articles Experience Business Services Analyst Company Name Lenovo Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Morrisville, North Carolina Private Math Tutor Company Name Private Math Tutor Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Currently tutoring in the Triangle Area*Contact me for more informationSubjects include: -SAT/ACT test preparation-Calculus I, II and III-Trigonometry-Statistics-Geometry-Algebra-Differential Equations-Linear Algebra Business Analyst, Academic Coach Company Name Private Prep, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior Account Executive - Investor Relations Company Name KCSA Strategic Communications Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area CIB Compliance Analyst Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area See more positions Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Mathematics University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name Carolina Business Institute Field Of Study Corporate Finance, Accounting and Marketing Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 20 endorsements for Equities 20 Equities Raymond Tarnowski and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 18 endorsements for Leadership 18 Leadership Sven Anderson and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 16 endorsements for Analytics 16 Analytics Lindsey Branca and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Taylor Moore Wine & Spirits Account Manager at Eagle Rock Distributing Company August 17, 2008, Alex and Taylor were students together Taylor has a great ability to multi-task while still maintaining a high level of productivity. Accomplishments Alex has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Differential Equations Linear Algebra Multivariable Calculus Statistics Interests Lenovo 304,284 followers Apptio 16,696 followers Leadership & Management 24,849,160 followers Harvard Business Review 4,099,779 followers Big Data 5,065,319 followers Bloomberg 1,150,923 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex James The bridge between tech and business. Robin Powered University of Massachusetts, Amherst Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Alex’s Activity 523 followers Amazing to meet Jeff Weiner at the ASU GSV Summit. Excited to see how we can collaborate to help people with their finances when they are changing jobs! Alex liked See all activity Experience Sales Company Name Robin Powered Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater Boston Area Senior Market Data Analyst Company Name TIAA Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location Manhattan, NY Oversee and manage Market Data Vendor relationshipsInternal consultant Project managerProduct development Contract negotiationStrategic planning Source new Market Data products to improve Asset Management's research and investment capabilitiesImplement Market Data systems and products Software Support Analyst Company Name University of Massachusetts Amherst Dates Employed Aug 2009 – May 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Analyst Company Name Diversified Investment Advisors Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 mos Education University of Massachusetts, Amherst Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Major: Resource Economics; Minor: Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Yorktown High school Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 12 endorsements for Data Analysis 12 Data Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Alex’s colleagues at University of Massachusetts Amherst Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 10 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 2 of Alex’s colleagues at TIAA Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 7 endorsements for Financial Analysis 7 Financial Analysis Alex Mankovich and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Symphony.com 6,210 followers Pulse 1,535,241 followers Market Data professionals 11,320 members Ian BremmerIan Bremmer is a LinkedIn Influencer President at Eurasia Group 1,373,343 followers TIAA 65,903 followers Robin Powered 303 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christopher has a account Christopher Lee Data Analyst | Web Developer JPMorgan Chase & Co. Oregon State University Seattle, Washington 310 310 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Developer & Data AnalystLanguages familiar with are C++, JavaScript and PHP with experience in AngularJS and various frameworks including Laravel for PHP and Bootstrap for CSS.Portfolio can be seen at http://cslee.me and I'm always looking to network and connect! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Analyst Company Name JPMorgan Chase & Co. Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Seattle, Washington Project Manager Company Name AtreNet Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Analytics Company Name PETCO Animal Supplies, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater San Diego Area • Responsible for analysis and segmentation of customer data based on transactional history with over 100M records and TB+ tables. Led in segmentation of customers for email, direct mail, web and social campaigns.Maximized profits by optimizing targeting through analysis of data leading to over 25% increase in sales online.Led in setup and automation of trigger campaigns for all email and direct mail campaigns.Created and managed several targeting models built in SQL and automated through Oracle Siebel.Project: Migrated data from legacy system in Infor Epiphany to Oracle Siebel. Managed all automated campaigns with new launch in new systems. Senior Marketing Analyst & Manager Company Name Amobee Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Greater San Diego Area • Led a team of 3 working with many clients designing landing pages, social media campaigns and analyzing data.Managed team working with large clients to increase sales and with budgets ranging up to $1M/month.Designed responsive landing pages in HTML5/CSS3/JavaScript.Responsible for managing email and SEO campaigns for clients and building responsive landing pages.Organized and developed responsive emails for agency and clients outperforming competitors.Managed spend on average of $300K/month for clients in Twitter campaigns including targeting and analytics. Marketing Analyst Company Name Adconion Direct Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater San Diego Area • Responsible for analysing data through CRM software Salesforce and visual analysis through Tableau.Created landing pages in HTML, CSS and JavaScript with wireframes and sketches in Photoshop.Managed multiple large email campaigns for large clients resulting in higher ROI than competitors. See more positions Education Oregon State University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2018 B.S. in Computer Science at Oregon State University's School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (EECS) California State University San Marcos Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 San Diego State University-California State University See more education Volunteer Experience Food Packaging Company Name Feeding America San Diego Dates volunteered Sep 2013 – Sep 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief Food Packaging to benefit underprivileged children and for schools. Labor Company Name HomeAid Orange County Dates volunteered May 2013 – May 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Poverty Alleviation Painted an acquired property that would housed over 15 women in distress (recovering addicts, etc). Home Aid's goal is to fight homelessness by bringing together people and organizing resources. To date, they have completed 15 projects totaling 120,000 square feet. Assistant Company Name Special Olympics Southern California Dates volunteered Jun 2013 – Jun 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Provided support for a Special Olympics event held for children. Featured Skills & Endorsements Online Marketing See 16 endorsements for Online Marketing 16 Online Marketing Endorsed by Taryn Stoddard Esparza and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christopher’s colleagues at Petco Click and drag to reorder skills Email Marketing See 14 endorsements for Email Marketing 14 Email Marketing Endorsed by Margaux Abaya, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christopher’s colleagues at Petco Click and drag to reorder skills Online Advertising See 10 endorsements for Online Advertising 10 Online Advertising Endorsed by 2 of Christopher’s colleagues at Petco Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Robert Rada Manager, CRM Process & Support Systems at Petco August 5, 2016, Robert was senior to Christopher but didn’t manage directly Chris strikes a balance between business acumen and technical skills that is hard to find. Chris was able to add immediate and critical value to the projects we worked on together; he actively listens to his stakeholders and works tirelessly to understand how to best solve for their needs. When faced with ambiguity Chris rolls up his sleeves to understand the fundamental challenge/need/opportunity and takes ownership of the solution. It was a pleasure working with Chris, and I have no doubt he will be a great asset for the next team he chooses to work with. Nilay Jani Product Engineer at Linear Corporation June 17, 2011, Christopher was senior to Nilay but didn’t manage directly Chris is a dedicated worker that is enthusiastic and hard working. He is always looking for new solutions and finishes everything he works on. I am glad for the chance to work with Chris and recommend him. Robert Rada Manager, CRM Process & Support Systems at Petco August 9, 2016, Robert was senior to Christopher but didn’t manage directly Robert was a pleasure to work together with and worked tirelessly with the team to best understand our business process needs and developed operating mechanisms to onboard. Robert takes a hands on, collaborative approach in supporting the stakeholder's strategic and operational needs specific to the Campaign, Loyalty, and Marketing Analytics platform and technology. Even when there were difficult tasks, Robert always kept a positive demeanor and even when faced with challenges, he always communicated thoroughly and continuously searched for process improvements. Robert was a great asset and part of the team and I believe that he will be a great addition to any team in the future. Nilay Jani Product Engineer at Linear Corporation June 17, 2011, Nilay worked with Christopher in the same group Nilay is a very diligent, hard working co-worker who always puts in the extra effort to accomplish all tasks. Very helpful and willing to help out when needed, I would highly recommend Nilay as a programmer and am very glad to have had the chance to work with him. Accomplishments Christopher has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Japanese Korean Christopher has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Movie Summary and Chooser Application AreaMood Interests Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,182,483 followers JavaScript 131,770 members The Wall Street Journal 2,342,223 followers California State University San Marcos 31,299 followers San Diego State University-California State University 227,377 followers SpaceX 271,659 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kun has a account Kun Zan Data Science Manager at HomeAway.com HomeAway.com The University of Texas at Austin Austin, Texas Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Kun’s Activity 611 followers Patrick’s photo Kun liked THE HomeAway rock paper scissors champion! Kun liked See all activity Experience Data Science Manager Company Name HomeAway.com Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Staff Data Scientist Company Name HomeAway.com Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos 2015.04 - 2017.02for product - marketplace:• search and sort• revenue management2013.06 - 2015.04for marketing and sales:• Booking prediction• Digital marketing attribution model• Leads acquisition• Up-selling Graduate Research Assistant Company Name University of Texas at Austin Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs • Dissertation “Value of Information and Portfolio Decision Analysis”. Develop mathematical model, investigate properties and optimization issues of value of information (such as the value of seismic test) in portfolio settings, and develop methods of portfolio decision analysis. The tools are mainly decision analysis, dynamic programming, Bayesian inference, Order statistics, probabilistic modeling. Project Lead - Joint Industry Project Company Name Drillinginfo Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Develop a statistical and computational method to predict the unconventional oil and gas production of the undeveloped acreage given observed geological data, using data mining and geostatistics, with a team. This method is developed in R. Project Lead - Joint Industry Project Company Name Weatherford Dates Employed Aug 2012 – 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr • Perform risk analysis for Managed Pressure Drilling, funded by Weatherford International. The main work includes probabilistic modeling using influence diagram, deriving higher order conditional dependence structure, sensitivity analysis, and mining reliability information as inputs of the model from large data sets See more positions Education The University of Texas at Austin Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Operations Research Activities and Societies: INFORMS, Decision Analysis Society, Society of Decision Professionals, INFORMS Sports Section Huazhong University of Science and Technology Degree Name Master Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Beihang University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Mechanicl Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 30 endorsements for Data Mining 30 Data Mining Endorsed by Yiwei Cai and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Kun’s colleagues at HomeAway.com Click and drag to reorder skills R See 31 endorsements for R 31 R Endorsed by Shihui Jia and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Kun’s colleagues at HomeAway.com Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 24 endorsements for Statistics 24 Statistics Endorsed by Jiexian Li and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Kun’s colleagues at HomeAway.com Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kun has 14 courses 14 Expand courses section Courses Applied Stochastic Process Bayesian Statistical Models Data Mining Decision Analysis Decision, Risk, & Reliability Integer Programming Linear Programming Markov Decision Process Mathematical Statistics Nonlinear Programming Kun has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests 华中科技大学 57,362 followers Big Data in China 大数据 870 members Expedia, Inc. 241,909 followers The Walt Disney Company 965,216 followers Alumni of Beihang University 4,016 members Data Science Central 291,513 members See all See all following
More Actions Steven has a account Steven Chalem Business Intelligence Analyst/Developer American AgCredit University of Chicago Santa Rosa, California 295 295 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Innovative, resourceful programmer/analyst with a background in consulting, business IT analysis, data analysis, database design, and software development. Current experience in financial services. Additional experience in health care, consumer marketing, electronics manufacturing, and higher education,. Recognized as an insightful analyst who quickly comprehends business processes and systems, anticipates needs and opportunities, and works effectively with all staff and management levels to build consensus and develop solutions. Skilled in clarifying conceptual, strategic and technical issues; driving creative, practical problem solving; and delivering results. Proven results in data analysis, requirements gathering, business intelligence development, project management and cultivating working relationships. Self starter with excellent time management skills, adept at handling multiple priorities and adapting to changing circumstances.Specialties: Microsoft SQL Server, T-SQL, Microsoft Office Automation, Oracle, MySQL, Relational Database Design, Data Modeling, Business Intelligence Development See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Enterprise Reporting Analyst, Risk Management Company Name American AgCredit Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Santa Rosa, CA Principal Consultant Company Name Chalem Systems Group Dates Employed Jul 1992 – Present Employment Duration 24 yrs 11 mos Location Santa Rosa, California Sr Data Analyst, Enterprise Data Management Company Name Autodesk Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location San Rafael, California Data Analyst, Long Term Care Claims Operations Company Name Genworth Financial Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location San Rafael, California Consultant Company Name DePaul University Dates Employed 1999 – 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education University of Chicago Field Of Study Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1984 Philosphy Featured Skills & Endorsements Databases See 30 endorsements for Databases 30 Databases Tanya Kobyluk and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 27 endorsements for Data Analysis 27 Data Analysis Devin Slate and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 25 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 25 Microsoft SQL Server Tanya Kobyluk and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Ryan Johnson, MHA, PMP Healthcare Executive | Government Programs, Provider Management, Operations, Process Improvement, Data Analytics, PMP November 26, 2012, Ryan was senior to Steven but didn’t manage directly During his tenure with Genworth, Steve demonstrated a keen ability to quickly and effectively deconstruct and gain clear visibility into the underlying database structure of applications that were foreign to him. This skill was crucial for several of the reporting projects which Steve supported for my team. In an environment where timely and accurate information is key to the management of daily operations, his ability to anticipate our needs and help de-conflict anomalies in our data/systems proved highly valuable. I would highly recommend Steve for any organization looking for a highly qualified analyst who takes a genuine interest in the success of his business partners and who works proactively for the betterment of systems/processes. Erica May Loss Control Admin Clerk September 6, 2014, Erica worked with Steven in the same group Erica is among the most reliable, conscientious, and efficient analysts I have ever worked with. We worked together for a year and a half in the Enterprise Data Management department at Autodesk Inc. As a data analyst she is detail-focused, insightful, and curious: driven to understand the underlying sources of any issue she encounters. She is eager to learn, happy to take on challenges, and always looking for better ways of getting things done. Once, our supervisor needed to make a presentation about our department to a strategic vendor and didn’t have time to prepare the materials. Erica eagerly took on the assignment and, although it was outside the scope of her usual work, researched and built an excellent presentation that went far beyond anyone’s expectations. Erica is positive and enthusiastic, a strong communicator with a natural talent for working with and encouraging others. I strongly recommend Erica. It was a pleasure working with her, and I would be happy to work with her again. Accomplishments Steven has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Keysight Technologies 26,264 followers Amy's Kitchen 9,339 followers Exchange Bank 1,684 followers The University of Chicago 125,762 followers Pulse 1,535,239 followers Sonic 1,021 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brandon has a account Brandon Jackson, MSPA Sr Data Scientist at Revionics Revionics Northwestern University Austin, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Sr Data Scientist, Global Services Company Name Revionics Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Austin, Texas Area Revionics is the leader in delivering innovative predictive analytics for retail life cycle price optimization, including base price, promotion, and markdown planning and optimization. The Revionics solution leverages an integrated forecast, enabling a coherent view of customer demand across all decision areas. Our proprietary approach applies advanced analytics and science to predict customer behavior, empowering retailers to achieve their financial objectives, improve customer loyalty, and make better, faster decisions. Our solutions are delivered on a high performance, scalable SaaS platform providing agility, ease of use and speed-to-ROI. Revionics has experienced almost 70% CAGR over the last 3 years, and has over 30,000 retail locations and $73B in annual revenue under price optimization management across grocery, automotive, drug, building materials, convenience, general merchandise, discount, and sporting goods stores. Supply Chain Analyst Company Name Coyote Logistics Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Coyote was born to bring a new life to the transportation industry. Coyote is the fastest growing logistics company in the U.S. for a reason. We do what we say and say what we do. When we commit to a load, we move it. Period. No Excuses.Our dense network is one of the biggest in the industry, and we execute it with the personalized service model of a niche provider. We are a third party logistics (3PL) company. Our highly trained and motivated work force as well as proprietary software technology help us move massive amounts of our customer’s freight across North America every day by truck or train, through rain or snow, weekday or weekend. We make sure products get where they are supposed to go.Every Hour, Every Minute, Every Second. Pickup Operations Coordinator Company Name FedEx Ground Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Served as operations consultant for 9 satellite warehouses in Midwest regional network.Facilitated corporate pick-up negotiations between shippers, sales, and contractors for new accounts.Analyze weekly/daily data and performance metrics for service improvement and cost reduction.Realized 9% growth of small parcel network due to organizational change management. GIS Operations Analyst Company Name FedEx Ground Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Served as project manager during implementation of Geographic Information System.Worked with mechanical engineers to retool warehouse for automated package sortation.Reengineered 30+ delivery routes with realized increase in driver productivity, capacity, and utilization.Optimized warehouse workflow and received recognition for best performing facility in SE region. P&D Operations Service Manager Company Name FedEx Ground Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Successfully led terminal operations for 6 months in absence of senior management.Improved daily service metrics from below 91.0% to approx. 97.0% from May 2011 to May 2012.Managed pickup/delivery metrics with 11 independent contractors directing 40 plus drivers.Interviewed, hired, and trained 23 additional drivers for peak FY13 volume increase. See more positions Education Northwestern University Degree Name Master of Science (MS), Predictive Analytics Grade 3.758 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Graduation - March 2015 The University of Texas Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration Field Of Study Supply Chain Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Urban To Global Mission Dates volunteered Jun 2013 – Jun 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief Traveled to La Ceiba, Honduras as a missions volunteer. We organized medication and clinic base patient care for dental, pediatrics, general medicine, and pharmacy services along with counseling and prayer. At the conclusion of our one week trip we donated the remaining medical supplies to the local medic. Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft SQL Server See 4 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 4 Microsoft SQL Server Alletia Smith, LMSW and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tableau See 3 endorsements for Tableau 3 Tableau Fernando J. Mora, Jr. and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 19 endorsements for Data Analysis 19 Data Analysis Endorsed by Adam Lundberg and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brandon’s colleagues at FedEx Ground Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Dimitri Carrigan Director, IT Global Infrastructure at Kellogg Company April 13, 2015, Dimitri and Brandon were students together Brandon and I worked together on a project team for our capstone requirement. Although he was not familiar with subject area of our analysis (IT networks response time), Brandon was quick to apply his professional experience and analytics educational background to deliver a successful project. Brandon developed our code ( R ) to perform data profiling, exploratory data analysis, and our time series and anomaly detection models. Brandon was professional throughout the project and met all dates for deliverables according to our project plan. It was a pleasure to work with Brandon. I am confident he will make a positive impact in all his future endeavors. Bishwa Satpathy Director - Customer Experience Analysis July 8, 2014, Bishwa and Brandon were students together Brandon and I worked together for an advanced modeling team project. We worked on analyzing and comparing various recommendation methods on movielens dataset (Using R) and Brandon was our project lead. I have found Brandon to be very engaging, insightful and extremely professional. Brandon is also very good in coding and he helped the team with exploratory data analysis, data visualizations and model building. I would welcome any opportunity to work with Brandon again! View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,065,074 followers Networking Group for Northwestern University's MS in Predictive Analytics Program 4,374 members Business Intelligence and Analytics Best Practices 26,979 members Big Data and Analytics 330,681 members Revionics 2,481 followers Coyote Logistics 19,548 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eoin has a account Eoin O' Connor Senior Supply Chain Analyst @ Dell Global Operations Dell EMC APICS Ireland 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a career driven professional with an ability to work on my own initiative or as part of a team. I'm an out going friendly person withstrong verbal and written communication skills. Im also active outside of work enjoying rugby, swimming, fishing, running and socializing See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Eoin’s Activity 795 followers “Change happens one conference room and one office at a time.” Jim McNerney Eoin liked In light of last week's events, I am in the process of personally contacting all of my customers in the UK to provide awareness around this latest strain of ransomware as well as assistance where required. If you have been affected or are interested in learning about how McAfee can assist your business stop WannaCry Ransomware, before it stops you, reach out to me -aislinn_mahony@mcafee.com Eoin liked Coleman’s photo Eoin liked Dara’s photo Eoin liked eQube prescribes tablet to entire gaming industry Eoin liked SUPPLY CHAIN OPEN DAY Due to an increase in Supply Chain opportunities with clients nationwide in the Life Sciences, Food-Agri and Business Service sectors, Fastnet – The Talent Group are hosting a Supply Chain Open Day on Tuesday, 16th May (12-7pm), in their Cork Office, to fill a significant number of exciting roles in nationwide locations. If you would like to discuss your career options with a Fastnet Specialist Consultant, please contact Jill Madden on 021 – 4554061 / jill@fastnettalent.com to make an appointment. We look forward to hearing from you. Kind regards, The Fastnet Team Eoin liked See all activity Experience Senior Supply Chain Analyst Company Name Dell EMC Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location County Cork, Ireland Global Supply Chain Specialist (EMEA, APJ & Brazil Operations) Company Name Dell EMC Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Cork Manage HDD & SSD supply chain at our Contract Manufacturers (CM’S) in China and EMEA from a forecasting, Sourcing, NPI, and daily operations perspective.Liaise with our preferred suppliers to ensure JIT deliveries of raw materials to CM hubs, NPI introductionsLiaise and build relationships with operations and management teams at our CM’s to improve the existing working relationships with EMC resulting in increased profitability and increased revenue.Manage material demand at CM’s and work in collaboration with CM’s on supply lines and production plansHold weekly production and supply meetings with our CM’s to review weekly build plans, material inships and any escalations / changes in build schedule.Attend weekly supplier calls to discuss and negotiate allocations across our GEO splits, Attend weekly NPI meetings to manage the introduction of new drivesDrive continuous improvement at our CM’s. Focusing on leaning any manufacturing process using Six Sigma Tools where possible.Attend and provide input into our Quarterly Business Reviews (QBR’s).Work with suppliers to place PO’s for material buy aheads into new quarters and position excess at our local hubs for call off on the last day of quarter to support different time zones.Perform detailed analysis of quarterly forecasts from World Wide Planning to ensure forecast is sufficient to meet quarterly revenue targetsWork with the larger Global External Manufacturing team in Cork and across Global markets to ensure smooth running of all aspects of our business including day to day activities, projects, QBR’s etcIdentify & lead strategic opportunities within the supply chain which progresses the service level currently offered to our business partners and customers. Develop, publish and present critical KPI’s, project plans & business updates.Communicate to all levels, both within EMC and with our business partners.Drive consolidation and best practice plans within the external manufacturing supply chain. Business Operations Analyst Company Name Dell EMC Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Cork Project Lead for the implementation and streamlining of the Isilon International RMA processData analysis for master planners and contract manufacturersGenerating reports using SAP, Salesforce and Microsoft Dynamics GP and reporting to a VP levelLiaising with 3PL’s to organise shipments to be expedited to international customersReporting and maintenance of orders in the supply chain from sales, contract manufacturing, inventory control and transportation aspects.Generating Purchase Orders and Amending PO’s as requiredManaging orders from sales approval to the end customerReporting and analysis of end of quarter stress tests with our contract manufacturers in the US and Europe.Holding daily calls with contract manufacturers discussing build plans, forecasts, backlogs and ReturnsAssisting my team with the current implementation of SAP using my previous working knowledge of the productDealing with adhoc supply and demand queries from internal stakeholders and our outside contract manufacturersUtilizing my previous experience in the RMA field to help design and implement a new RMA structure for the company LCV Service Manager Company Name Diesel Motors Mercedes Benz Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Perth, Australia ∙ Oversaw the daily operation of the LCV Service department from front of house to detailers∙ Aligned with the LCV Sales Department to improve cross function relationships thus increasing profits∙ Meet and greet customers on arrival to dealership∙ Dealt with both retail and fleet customers∙ Invoiced to accounts and ensured invoices were paid on time∙ Provide exceptional customer service∙ Met and exceed monthly targets∙ Raised PO’s as required for outsourced work or Sublets Reported to Aftersales manager on monthly budgets, staff efficiencies etc Analysed service structures and procedures to improve overall department efficiency Logistics Service Agent Company Name Apple Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Hollyhill Cork ∙ Managing a wide variety of customer related queries, ∙ Liaising with key departments for all routes to market ∙ Enhancing existing relationships within the company and externally with clients in the supply chain∙ Creation, Amendments and Closing of RMA's and investigating RMA Escalations∙ Ensured customers requirements were constantly met∙ Provided daily reports on Merge in Transit deliveries and Premium Deliveries to departmental heads∙ Carried out monthly SOX audits on internal processes∙ Amended processes as the company expanded and processes became more efficient∙ Reporting on daily Premium Shipments, liaising with planning and carriers to ensure SLA's are met.∙ Investigated Reseller RMA escalations in partnership with Order Management∙ Setup and chaired weekly operations conference calls with TNT, DHL and 3PL’s to review, discuss and improve carrier performance for all routes to market. See more positions Education APICS Field Of Study CSCP Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 IIPMM Degree Name Bachelor of Business Degree Field Of Study Procurement and Supply Management Grade Merit Grade 1 Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Degree in Procurement and Supply Chain Management Cork Institute of Technology Degree Name Yellow Belt Six Sigma Field Of Study Procurement and Supply Chain Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Irish Guide Dogs for the Blind Dates volunteered May 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Assistant Team Manager Company Name Old Christians RFC Dates volunteered Jul 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 11 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 22 endorsements for Management 22 Management Endorsed by Kieran Noel, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Eoin’s colleagues at Dell EMC Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 20 endorsements for Customer Service 20 Customer Service Endorsed by Kieran Noel, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Eoin’s colleagues at Dell EMC Click and drag to reorder skills Logistics See 17 endorsements for Logistics 17 Logistics David Cooper and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Jamie O'Callaghan Sales Manager for Blackwater Motors SEAT and Assistant Sales Manager for Blackwater Motors VW Fermoy April 25, 2012, Jamie worked with Eoin in different groups Eoin and myself worked together in Kevin O'Leary Motor Group. I found Eoin to be very professional and helpful in everything that he did. Always a pleasure to deal with and the customers also spoke highly of him. Very fussy with great diligence and attention to detail. I would have no problem in recommending Eoin. Cian O Brien Head of Sales operations at Audi UK September 10, 2011, Cian was senior to Eoin but didn’t manage directly Eoin is a competent and dedicated employee who during my involvement with Kevin O Leay Motor group displayed diligence in all his customer and internal interactions in what is a fast paced and customer orientated enviroment. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Eoin has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Interests RRD Supply Chain & Packaging Solutions 4,360 followers Enterprise People 1,505 followers Automotive Supply Chain 446 followers eir Ireland 12,111 followers SCM Professionals 66,481 members Logistics Learning Alliance Ltd 9,961 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steven has a account Steven Chalem Business Intelligence Analyst/Developer American AgCredit University of Chicago Santa Rosa, California 295 295 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Innovative, resourceful programmer/analyst with a background in consulting, business IT analysis, data analysis, database design, and software development. Current experience in financial services. Additional experience in health care, consumer marketing, electronics manufacturing, and higher education,. Recognized as an insightful analyst who quickly comprehends business processes and systems, anticipates needs and opportunities, and works effectively with all staff and management levels to build consensus and develop solutions. Skilled in clarifying conceptual, strategic and technical issues; driving creative, practical problem solving; and delivering results. Proven results in data analysis, requirements gathering, business intelligence development, project management and cultivating working relationships. Self starter with excellent time management skills, adept at handling multiple priorities and adapting to changing circumstances.Specialties: Microsoft SQL Server, T-SQL, Microsoft Office Automation, Oracle, MySQL, Relational Database Design, Data Modeling, Business Intelligence Development See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Enterprise Reporting Analyst, Risk Management Company Name American AgCredit Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Santa Rosa, CA Principal Consultant Company Name Chalem Systems Group Dates Employed Jul 1992 – Present Employment Duration 24 yrs 11 mos Location Santa Rosa, California Sr Data Analyst, Enterprise Data Management Company Name Autodesk Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location San Rafael, California Data Analyst, Long Term Care Claims Operations Company Name Genworth Financial Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location San Rafael, California Consultant Company Name DePaul University Dates Employed 1999 – 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education University of Chicago Field Of Study Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1984 Philosphy Featured Skills & Endorsements Databases See 30 endorsements for Databases 30 Databases Tanya Kobyluk and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 27 endorsements for Data Analysis 27 Data Analysis Devin Slate and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server See 25 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 25 Microsoft SQL Server Tanya Kobyluk and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Ryan Johnson, MHA, PMP Healthcare Executive | Government Programs, Provider Management, Operations, Process Improvement, Data Analytics, PMP November 26, 2012, Ryan was senior to Steven but didn’t manage directly During his tenure with Genworth, Steve demonstrated a keen ability to quickly and effectively deconstruct and gain clear visibility into the underlying database structure of applications that were foreign to him. This skill was crucial for several of the reporting projects which Steve supported for my team. In an environment where timely and accurate information is key to the management of daily operations, his ability to anticipate our needs and help de-conflict anomalies in our data/systems proved highly valuable. I would highly recommend Steve for any organization looking for a highly qualified analyst who takes a genuine interest in the success of his business partners and who works proactively for the betterment of systems/processes. Erica May Loss Control Admin Clerk September 6, 2014, Erica worked with Steven in the same group Erica is among the most reliable, conscientious, and efficient analysts I have ever worked with. We worked together for a year and a half in the Enterprise Data Management department at Autodesk Inc. As a data analyst she is detail-focused, insightful, and curious: driven to understand the underlying sources of any issue she encounters. She is eager to learn, happy to take on challenges, and always looking for better ways of getting things done. Once, our supervisor needed to make a presentation about our department to a strategic vendor and didn’t have time to prepare the materials. Erica eagerly took on the assignment and, although it was outside the scope of her usual work, researched and built an excellent presentation that went far beyond anyone’s expectations. Erica is positive and enthusiastic, a strong communicator with a natural talent for working with and encouraging others. I strongly recommend Erica. It was a pleasure working with her, and I would be happy to work with her again. Accomplishments Steven has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Sonic 1,021 followers Access Developers NetWork 10,363 members American AgCredit 1,750 followers Pulse 1,535,242 followers O'Reilly Media 10,196 followers The University of Chicago 117,144 followers See all See all following
More Actions Oscar has a account Oscar Palmer Analyst at Lincoln Park Capital LLC Lincoln Park Capital LLC DePaul University Greater Chicago Area 449 449 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Analyst Company Name Lincoln Park Capital LLC Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location 440 N. Wells St. Investment Associate Company Name Saxony Securities, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location 108 N. Wacker Drive, Chicago IL •Develop an understanding of technical analysis based on volume, resistance, and support levels to assist the portfolio manager with the Dynamic Allocation Strategy. •Work with compliance department by writing disclosure agreements and assuring record keeping is done in accordance with SEC standards. FInancial Analyst Intern Company Name Business Valuation Group, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location 400 N. Lasalle Street, Ste. 3905 Chicago, Illinois 60654 Prepare Comprehensive Valuation Reports:• Analyze and normalize financial statements• Prepare/interpret pro forma financial data• Analyze economic and industry specific data• Analyze partnership and company operating agreements• Work extensively with Excel models• Create/modify Excel valuation models specific to the subject company which incorporate: DCF, Earnings Capitalization, public/private company Comps, Adjusted Net Worth analysis Type of appraisal services:Corporate Finance: Mergers & Acquisitions, ESOP's, Stock options.Tax Compliance: Gift and Estate Tax, Family Limited Partnerships, Limited Liability Companies, Partial Interests in Undivided Real Estate. Litigation Support: Divorce, Shareholder Disputes. Media (1) This position has 1 media Home - Business Valuation Group, Inc Home - Business Valuation Group, Inc This media is a link Co-Founder Company Name PhoenixVenturz, LLC Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location 222 W Merchandise Mart Plaza Chicago, IL 60654 •Helped establish a new accounts receivable financing program, along side Phoenix’s President, which gave manufacturer’s 180-day flexible payment terms to offer their dealers. •Developed prospect list formulated around leading exports stated in the Department of Commerce’s Country Commercial Guide.•Qualified prospective companies based upon financial data such as leverage, tangible net worth, operating income, and operating cash flows from annual reports.•Established relationships with foreign prospects. Media (1) This position has 1 media Phoenix Venturz Phoenix Venturz This media is a link IT Intern Company Name Flexible Benefit Service Corporation (Flex) Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location 10275 W Higgins Rd Ste 500, Rosemont • Tested and compiled “problems” spreadsheets for newly designed website that deals with the implementations of the Affordable Care Act. • Analyzed and partially designed new optimal insurance rate comparison tool that will later be used by brokers to deal with clients.• Learned and discussed the many potential outcomes of new Health Care Reform and how it will affect carriers, providers, and businesses. See more positions Education DePaul University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Economics & Finance Hon. Grade 3.72 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Federal Reserve Bank Challenge, Student Finance Association, Pi Kappa Alpha Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 19 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 19 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 8 people who know Microsoft Excel Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 11 endorsements for Analysis 11 Analysis Tanner Jensen and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Office 10 Microsoft Office Jaxxon Anderson ☁ and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Oscar has 6 courses 6 Expand courses section Courses Corporate Finance Intermediate Macroeconimcs Intermediate Microeconomics Investments and Portfolio Theory Money and Banking Quantitative Reasoning Oscar has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects 1st Place - The Driehaus Capital Management Virtual Portfolio Competition Federal Reserve Bank Challenge Student Loan Debt Analysis Oscar has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Equity Essentials Interests DePaul Student Finance Association 665 members Ziegler 10,247 followers DePaul University 150,143 followers PhoenixVenturz, LLC 11 followers Sikich 12,760 followers Harris Associates 3,763 followers See all See all following
More Actions Siddharth has a account Siddharth Sharma Accounting Student at Thompson Rivers University Soul Restaurants Canada Thompson Rivers University Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada 229 229 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Customer Service Team Member Company Name Soul Restaurants Canada Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Kamloops, BC, Canada Marketing Executive Company Name The Ideas Exchange Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Worked for Professional Beauty Mumbai, a Business-to-Business (B2B) exhibition which has sister concerns in London, Belfast, Ireland, South Africa and the Middle East.- Travelled around the country and executed door to door marketing while meeting the VIPs of the target market.- Handled VIP fashion bloggers.- Handled the social media platforms.- Helped with the operations of Professional Beauty Delhi and Professional Beauty Mumbai. Ops Intern Company Name Amazon India Dates Employed Apr 2015 – May 2015 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Mumbai, India Sales-- Hunted and appointed ‘Delivery Stores’ under ‘Kirana Project’ of Amazon while tying-up with quality stores to helping Amazon India improve deliveries to its customers.Training -- Trained the employees of the ‘Delivery Stores’ on the following activities:- How to interact with the customers- How to use the Android application namely, M-COMP, to make updates of the deliveries made.- How to use the device (M-POS) to facilitate acceptance of payments through credit cards.Operations -- Assisted Amazon teams in the Delivery Centre to receive, sort, assign and depart packages daily.- Helped Amazon’s Store Associates to deliver packages to various delivery stores in the first line-haul.- Assisted Amazon’s store associates to collect undeliverable packages and cash received by customers in the second line-haul.- Sent daily reports on the findings done while tracking deliveries.- Tracked deliveries made by the ‘Delivery Stores’ on the web and through phone calls to the Amazon customers.- Completed the Security Awareness Training of Amazon.Achievements -- Was appointed as SPOC (Single Point of Contact) & Team Leader by Amazon for Malad’s zone.- Lead the team to stand 1st in Mumbai by tying-up with the maximum number of stores. Marketing Intern Company Name The Ideas Exchange Dates Employed Apr 2014 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Worked for Professional Beauty Mumbai, a Business-to-Business (B2B) exhibition which has sister concerns in London, Belfast, Ireland, South Africa and the Middle East.Handled the social media.- Facebook Page- Twitter Handle- Instagram accountFrequently updated the official website of Professional Beauty India.Interacted regularly with the clients of PBI via calls and emails.Assisted in the operational work of the project.Data Sorting. Education Thompson Rivers University Degree Name Post Baccalaureate Diploma Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2018 Financial Accounting - A grade University of Mumbai Degree Name Bachelor of Management Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2016 Graduated with Bachelor of Management Studies with a specialisation in Marketing.BMS is a 3-year bachelor's degree which gives the students a bird's-eye view of the field of business.While pursuing BMS, I studied about the various aspects of Accounting, Finance, Marketing, Information Technology, Law, Business Communication, Logistics and Supply Chain Management, HR etc. Yashodham High School & Junior College Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2013 - Council Member:* I had been a part of the Council Members throughout high school by winning elections.* Organized and headed a peace walk along with other council members for the 26/11 terror attacks on Mumbai.* Leaded my House in the top 3 position in various intra-school quizzes.* Lead my House to the top position in Marchpast.- SPORTS: Stood among the top 3 in sport events like sprinting, high-jump, relay, long-jump, etc.- DANCE: Stood first in an intra-college dance competition in 12th grade.- Participated in creating awareness for World Aids Day.- Was an active member of the Nature’s Club. Skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (2) Nakul Nansi Head of Business Development and Project Manager December 13, 2016, Nakul was senior to Siddharth but didn’t manage directly Siddharth is a very energetic and talented professional. His hunger to work and take on responsibilities is admirable. Siddharth works with great composure and his professional outlook at a young age is phenomenal. I would highly recommend Siddharth to any prospective employers. Given a chance, I would love to have him be a part of my team on any given day, at my current organisation or any future organisations I end up working for. Vishesh Kedia Assistant Manager at IIFL Wealth February 14, 2017, Vishesh and Siddharth were students together Siddharth is a keen learner. His dedication towards learning anything is admirable. Leadership, professionalism, integrity are among few of his highlighting features. I heartily recommend Siddharth to a company looking for a sincere learner, active listener and a goal-oriented person and personally I would be really happy to work with him. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Tejas Sarvankar Entrepreneur | Digital Marketer in Making February 6, 2017, Siddharth and Tejas were students together It's rare to find the drive that Tejas possesses in him. It was a pleasure sharing a classroom with him. A clear-headed individual who is focused on succeeding in whichever project he takes up, with a smile! I would love to work with Tejas in the near future and would strongly recommend him to any company who is looking for self-motivated and experienced individuals with a well established network of professionals. Vishesh Kedia Assistant Manager at IIFL Wealth February 5, 2017, Siddharth and Vishesh were students together Vishesh is very thorough with whatever he takes up. Detailed academic knowledge has always been his highlighting feature. Vishesh possess a strong will to constantly learn and grow, both professionally and personally. I would recommend him to any company who is looking for a good listener, an intelligent and a smart professional. I would personally love to work with him at any given project in the near future. Accomplishments Siddharth has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Marathi Punjabi Interests Thompson Rivers University 23,595 followers Deloitte 2,174,065 followers BDO Canada 26,155 followers PwC 1,335,840 followers Thompson Rivers University 25,816 followers MNP 16,411 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kabir has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Kabir Malhotra Senior SAS Administrator Pfizer New York University United States 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Kabir Malhotra - SAS Administratorkabirkmalhotra@gmail.com• SAS certified consultant with over 8 Years of industry experience in using SAS for Data Management, reporting and Administration in the Healthcare and Pharmaceutical fields.• Involved in Three Phases (I-III) of the Clinical Trials in different Therapeutics areas - Cardio-Vascular, and Oncology trials.• Experience in preparation of SAS datasets, Tables, Listings, Graphs, Reports, Output Delivery System (ODS) and Summaries according to requirements, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP).• Strong experience in Base SAS, SAS/MACROS, SAS/ACCESS, SAS/CONNECT, SAS/GRAPH, SAS/STAT, SAS/ODS and SAS/SQL in Windows and UNIX environments.• Knowledge of Clinical Terminology and regulatory Guidelines.• Experience with creating all files, documents, and analyses necessary to support an electronic submissions in eCTD format, including ISS/ISE.• Experience with transforming data in various formats (excel, CSV, ASCII) into SAS datasets.• Experience working with Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics property of the drug.• Developed programs in SAS Base for converting the Oracle Data for a phase I - III study into SAS datasets using SQL Pass through facility and Libname facility.• Experience in Data Manipulation procedures such as SAS Formats/Informats, Merge, Proc Append, Proc Datasets, Proc Sort and Proc Transpose.• Good understanding of CDISC SDTM models and experience in converting legacy data to CDISC SDTM (Study Data Tabulation Model) Standards.• Experience in Data mapping from none CDISC SDTM to SDTM and data mapping from SDTM to ADaM standards.• Experience in creating CDISC Domain Specifications and Data Definition (Define.xml) Documents.• Experience in validating CDISC SDTM Domains using Proc CDISC Procedure.Specialties: Professional Certification:SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS9SAS Certified Advanced Programmer for SAS9 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior SAS Administrator Company Name Pfizer Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area SAS Administrator Company Name Eisai US Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location NJ SAS Administrator Company Name Johnson & Johnson Dates Employed May 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location NJ SAS Programmer/Analyst Company Name sanofi-aventis Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos SAS Administrator Company Name AstraZeneca Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location CA Education New York University Degree Name Bioinformatics Field Of Study Bachelor of Science in Biotechnology St. Xavier School - Delhi Featured Skills & Endorsements SAS See 92 endorsements for SAS 92 SAS Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills CDISC See 91 endorsements for CDISC 91 CDISC Asif Ali and 90 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Management See 78 endorsements for Data Management 78 Data Management Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Amjad Pathan (Amjad@cyberThink.com) Bunch of New Opportunities... August 19, 2016, Kabir was a client of Amjad’s Amjad Pathan has been an outstanding resource to me in my job search over the past several months. Amjad was able to arrange several interviews for me, one of which resulted in a very good job close to where I live. Highly recommended. Accomplishments Kabir has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification SAS certified Advanced Programmer for SAS 9 Kabir has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Eisai US 31,279 followers RemX IT 2,597 followers Clinical Research Professionals 107,901 members Your Career 7,191,648 followers SAS Professional Forum 43,695 members Geron Corporation 1,787 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Hamilton Test Analyst at Barclays Barclays Open University North Stifford, Essex, United Kingdom 300 300 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Currently working on a contract with Barclays as a Test Analyst to test a newly developed CAIS data file to be sent to Credit Reference Agencies.• Excellent computer skills including SQL, SAS, Business Objects, the full Microsoft Office Suite• Able to interpret large quantities of data and provide clear reports to the Directorate• A designer of complex credit models and monitoring tools• Able to communicate effectively to both the technical and non technical audience • Strong interpersonal and motivational skills• A strong credit background in all sectors as an analyst, sanctioner and tutor See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience SAS Test Analyst Company Name Barclays Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 mo Location 1 Churchill Place, London Regulatory Reporting Analyst Company Name Royal Bank of Scotland Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs SAS Test Analyst Company Name Barclays Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location London, United Kingdom Testing the CAIS data file to be sent to credit reference agencies by creating a duplicate file to compare against that produced by the development team. Writing individual test cases to test specific parts of the file against source data. Using Quality Center to record testing results and to monitor defects until resolved. Senior Credit & Data Analyst Company Name WorldPay UK Ltd Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos • Currently building a new application scorecard in SAS• Created the Credit Workflow database in Access which monitors credit limits, risk grades and review dates• Built the credit exposure calculator in SQL and Excel used by Credit• Leading discussions on behalf of WorldPay with the UK Cards Association and SCOR regarding sharing credit data with credit reference agencies• Undertake data mining using SQL and SAS in order to provide ad-hoc reporting• Liaise with the core business with regard to new initiatives in order to provide guidance on risk• Own the regular monthly reporting ensuring accurate and timely information • Analyse and monitor the effectiveness of application and behavioural scorecards and recommend enhancements• Develop and maintain a suite of tools, reports and databases for use by the credit office• Assist the business in developing pricing models incorporating credit risk parameters• Develop and deliver training courses to Credit and to the business as a whole Senior Credit Analyst Company Name RBS Worldpay Dates Employed Feb 2000 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 10 yrs 11 mos • Assess credit applications for Corporates, SMEs and Financial Institutions• Manage problem credits including restructuring of facilities, negotiation of security packages and liaison with Insolvency Practitioners• Sanction facilities within my credity authority of £3m• Manage a team of analysts• Provide training in Credit See more positions Education Open University 2011 Linear Statistical Modelling module (Open University)2010 Practical Modern Statistics module (Open University)2010 Analysing Data module (Open University)2005 Diploma in Mathematics Featured Skills & Endorsements Credit Risk See 36 endorsements for Credit Risk 36 Credit Risk Jackie Hall and 35 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Risk See 21 endorsements for Financial Risk 21 Financial Risk Mark Williams and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Credit Cards See 16 endorsements for Credit Cards 16 Credit Cards Jigar Patel and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Economy 15,707,862 followers SAS Professional Forum 43,695 members The Open University 241,764 followers Charles DuhiggCharles Duhigg is a LinkedIn Influencer Senior Editor at the New York Times and Author at Random House 154,527 followers Risk Analytics and Risk Management 15,928 members Oki MatsumotoOki Matsumoto is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & CEO, Monex Group 68,903 followers See all See all following
