More Actions Sara has a account Sara Shariatie Aspiring Data Analyst | Data Scientist Regulatory Compliance and Associate INC (RCA INC) Ryerson University Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A recent graduate in Data Analytics and Big Data program from Ryerson University. Looking for a Data Analyst position where I can put my data analytics skills to work.Languages: R, SQL, Hadoop, Hive Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Sara’s Activity 1,052 followers Purple may be our favourite colour, but this year it had to be red and white tulips on campus to mark Canada's 150th Anniversary of Confederation Sara liked Change your story, change your life. Divorce the story of limitation, and marry the story of truth and everything changes. Sara liked 9 Things Successful People Won't Do Sara liked Grow your organization’s customer base by implementing an #AODA action plan. Join us for a free 1-day seminar with Christine Karcza, Accessibility Consultant. Wednesday, June 7, 9:00 a.m. -2:00 p.m. RSVP here: http://ow.ly/TPeQ30bwVqR Sara liked Full-tuition Scholarships for Women in Analytics Sara liked Is cracking the coding interview the only benefit of learning algorithms? Sara liked See all activity Experience Shadow Program Coordinator Company Name Regulatory Compliance and Associate INC (RCA INC) Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area • Worked on an intern training basis as a shadow project coordinator for a client of RCA INC in Toronto, CA.• Provided support and worked under the supervision of project coordinator to manage project activities for multiple regulatory submissions of medical devices for a Canadian medical device company.• Employed Microsoft Project and other project management tools to track tasks to completion and provided logistical support. Software Engineer -Inventory Management system Company Name Roshan Toos Wire & Cable Mfg. Coop. Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Iran • Helped implement a warehouse inventory management system utilizing SQL Server, C#, and .NET platform Software Engineer -Web developer Company Name Atiran Software Group Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Iran • Assisted in gathering user requirements for new client websites by interviewing clients to better understand their need to meet their expectations• Helped develop web pages to satisfy the specified requirements Computer Lab Assistant Company Name Azad University Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Iran • Helped students with any issues they encountered in the computer lab Intern Company Name ATIRAN Software Group Dates Employed May 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Iran • Assisted in building wireframes to prototype websites Education Ryerson University Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Data Analytics and Big Data Grade Current GPA: 4.06/4.33 Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Ryerson University Degree Name Course in computer Science Field Of Study Data Structures And Algorithms, Course Code(CCPS305) Grade A Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 •Analysed the efficiency of algorithms to achieve optimal solutions for a given problem Ferdowsi University of Mashhad Degree Name Master's degree (incomplete) Field Of Study Project Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Eight Courses:Advanced Information Management System, Financial Management, Business Strategy, Management of Complex Organization And Strategic Vision, Marketing, Management Skills.... See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Project Management See 6 endorsements for Project Management 6 Project Management Shivam Singh Chaudhary and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 6 endorsements for Data Analysis 6 Data Analysis Shahab Einabadi and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 4 Microsoft Excel Shivam Singh Chaudhary and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sara has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Breast Cancer Diagnosis Using Data Mining Methods ( Capstone course|Final project) Sorting Algorithms Watson Project Design and implementation of Grid Computing (Final Project) Sara has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Farsi Interests Prosperity 15,198 followers Ryerson University Engineering Alumni Association 1,541 members Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,418 members MongoDB 32,065 members Devin WenigDevin Wenig is a LinkedIn Influencer President and CEO, eBay 328,654 followers Ferdowsi University of Mashhad 20,388 followers See all See all following
More Actions Monica has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Monica Rogati Data Science Advisor Independent Carnegie Mellon University Sunnyvale, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Independent technical data science executive and advisor with a passion for turning data into products, actionable insights, and meaningful stories. At Jawbone, I built & lead a team focusing on developing data products that promote a healthier lifestyle and on finding stories in the UP wearable data. Prior to Jawbone, I was one of the early members of the LinkedIn data science team, where I developed and improved some of LinkedIn’s key data products for matching jobs to passive candidates, discovering people you may know, and recommending groups you may like.Strong background in applied machine learning (CMU CS PhD), data science, wearables and health, social network analysis, recommender systems, statistical text mining and multilingual information retrieval (search). Fast Company's 100 most creative people in business; Fortune Magazine 2014 Big Data All-Stars.If you're a company where data is crucial to your mission and you're looking for an independent board member, let's talk. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Monica’s Activity 6,114 followers 14 years ago today, LinkedIn launched its first web site. Every year since we've celebrated the company's birthday along with Cinco de Mayo. Happy Cinco de LinkedIn! Monica liked See all activity Experience Data Science Advisor Company Name Independent Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Sunnyvale, CA I help companies make the most out of their data -- both technically and strategically.Since 2012 (full time since 2015), I have formally advised companies at all stages (from seed to public) and in various areas (edu, health, fitness, IoT, security, consumer Internet). Depending on the company's stage and need, I focus on: building data products and teams; machine learning and infrastructure; finding stories in the data; recommender systems; data as a strategic asset; technical due diligence. Very pragmatic and results focused; a decade in academia taught me sophisticated algorithms and a decade in industry taught me when not to use them. Equity Partner Company Name Data Collective Dates Employed 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Advisor and Guest Lecturer Company Name Stanford University Dates Employed 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Advisor to the Stanford University’s Mobilize Center (an NIH Big Data Center)Guest lecturer the Graduate School of Business and several undergraduate classes. VP of Data Company Name Jawbone Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs I built a team of world class, full stack data scientists and engineers. At the intersection of wearables, data and the Internet of Things, we focused on developing products that promote a healthier lifestyle. My team used data to make smart, personalized and contextualized suggestions to help you achieve your goals. We automatically detect if you've been working out, automatically classify the type of workout, suggest foods you've eaten, show you interesting correlations in your activity/sleep/food data, and give you actionable advice. We built and maintained product & analytics infrastructure, shipped production code, designed & implemented the metrics, experiments and instrumentation, built interactive visualizations -- all in record time.Understanding sleep, activity and nutrition at scale led us to previously unimagined insights -- discoveries you couldn't make in a lab or with a survey. We’ve now established Jawbone as one of the top resource for understanding health implications of activity, sleep and nutrition. Here are a few examples:https://jawbone.com/blog/napa-earthquake-effect-on-sleep/https://jawbone.com/blog/jawbone-up-data-by-city/https://jawbone.com/blog/weight-loss/https://jawbone.com/blog/what-makes-people-happy/https://jawbone.com/blog/how-temperature-affects-exercise/https://jawbone.com/blog/sleep-week/https://jawbone.com/blog/circadian-rhythm/https://jawbone.com/blog/jawbone-up-common-pairings/https://jawbone.com/blog/jawbone-up-food-data/https://jawbone.com/blog/sleep-china/https://jawbone.com/blog/2014-year-review/https://jawbone.com/blog/new-years-eve/ Media (7) This position has 7 media Previous Next "Design Matters More than Math" -- Oxford-style debate @ O'Reilly Strata 2013 "Design Matters More than Math" -- Oxford-style debate @ O'Reilly Strata 2013 This media is a video Beyond Analytics - Building Data Products for Data Natives - Monica Rogati Beyond Analytics - Building Data Products for Data Natives - Monica Rogati This media is a video Meet the 2013 enterprise superstars Meet the 2013 enterprise superstars This media is a link Jawbone Tumblr, including our data stories Jawbone Tumblr, including our data stories This media is a link "Bedtime Stories (Learning from Sleep Data)" -- Monica Rogati @O'Reilly Strata 2014 "Bedtime Stories (Learning from Sleep Data)" -- Monica Rogati @O'Reilly Strata 2014 This media is a video Fortune Magazine: 2014 Big Data All-Stars Fortune Magazine: 2014 Big Data All-Stars This media is a link Fast Company: The 100 Most Creative People in Business 2014 Fast Company: The 100 Most Creative People in Business 2014 This media is a link Senior Data Scientist Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed May 2008 – May 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo How do you know Darth Vader’s LinkedIn account is not real? How do you train a recommender system *before* it goes live? What are the hottest companies this year, and more importantly, how do you leverage terabytes of data to define “hot”? What algorithms will find your next sharp CTO in the 10^8 LinkedIn profile haystack? I answer these types of questions every day - and more importantly, I ask them.The hats: applied machine learning scientist, hands-on prototyper, product manager, data miner, talent high-pass filter, mentor, spokesperson, fraud fighter, crowdsourcer, acquisition due diligence, namer … and distributed database guinea pig.Impact:✔ Created and implemented the initial LinkedIn job-to-candidate matching system (Talent Match), now a multi-million dollar product.✔ Developed the first machine learning model for LinkedIn’s People You May Know, immediately doubling invitation rates.✔ Created and implemented the "Groups You May Like" product (v1.0) resulting in a double digit engagement rate.✔ Coaxed stories out of data -- they brought us to Good Morning America, the front page of the Wall Street Journal, The Economist and hundreds of other media outlets. This includes the top shared story in LinkedIn’s history (on overused buzzwords), job title trends, successful first names, “hot” companies and industries, labor market movements etc.✔ Pioneer, scientist, and evangelist for the LinkedIn’s recommender system line of products: Jobs You May Be Interested In, Similar Jobs, Talent Match etc. Technical contributions include: solving the cold start training problems, a generalized metrics / evaluation framework, feature engineering, model building & visualization.✔ Crowdsourcing specialist (Mechanical Turk, Crowdflower, Samasource).✔ Fraud detection (fake accounts, spam, TOS violations).✔ Co-organized the LinkedIn external tech talk series & the data science summer intern program Media (6) This position has 6 media Previous Next "The Model and the Train Wreck: A Training Data How-To" -- Monica Rogati @ O'Reilly Strata 2012 "The Model and the Train Wreck: A Training Data How-To" -- Monica Rogati @ O'Reilly Strata 2012 This media is a video Finding stories in the data Finding stories in the data This media is a document 1M.10M.100M. Data! - @mrogati's talk at Strata 2011 1M.10M.100M. Data! - @mrogati's talk at Strata 2011 This media is a document Wall Street Journal article on hot job titles Wall Street Journal article on hot job titles This media is a link Lies, damned lies and the data scientist 2011 strata summit Lies, damned lies and the data scientist 2011 strata summit This media is a document Google I/O 2011: Tiger Moms, Ninjas and Chips - Oh My! Uncovering the story in the data Google I/O 2011: Tiger Moms, Ninjas and Chips - Oh My! Uncovering the story in the data This media is a document See more positions Education Carnegie Mellon University Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2008 Applied machine learning; text mining.Thesis:Domain Adaptation of Translation Models for Multilingual Applications Feature selection for text classification. Cross-lingual information retrieval using parallel corpora; including full system implementation. Event Tracking; Machine Translation. DARPA GALE Distillation: proposal writing, end-to-end system design and specification, user study design, evaluation dataset design. Carnegie Mellon University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2003 TA and lecturer for Data Structures and Algorithms (Java). The University of New Mexico Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 First in my graduating class (summa cum laude)Undergraduate research in neural networks and NLP. Undergraduate TA for functional programming (Scheme). See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 137 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Daria Sorokina and 47 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Monica’s colleagues at Stanford University Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 108 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by DJ Patil and 41 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Monica’s colleagues at Stanford University Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science See 92 endorsements for Data Science 92 Data Science Endorsed by DJ Patil and 21 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Monica’s colleagues at Stanford University Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (6) Daniel Tunkelang High-Class Consultant July 17, 2013, Daniel managed Monica directly Monica sets the bar for data scientists everywhere, and I am privileged to have had the opportunity to work with her for 2+ years. She solves fuzzy business problems through rigorous data analysis. She made key contributions to several of LinkedIn's core data products. She was instrumental in building the data science team. Finally, she's a great communicator -- an ideal person to represent data science to both technical and non-technical audiences. I've seen Monica do amazing things, and I'm sure there are many more to come. Andrew Frank Data scientist & engineer December 11, 2011, Andrew reported directly to Monica Beyond her role as a data scientist, Monica is an outstanding mentor. During my time as a summer intern on the Product Data Science team, Monica worked with me to focus my efforts and was quick to eliminate stumbling blocks as they arose. She went out of her way to facilitate introductions for me, maximizing the visibility of my contributions. The LinkedIn intern program was expertly run in general, but my personal experience was largely shaped by Monica's active investment in my success. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Daniel Tunkelang High-Class Consultant May 3, 2016, Monica reported directly to Daniel If I told you somebody built a team of data scientists, then retained 100% of them for years while the data talent wars were in full swing, you’d probably say it must have been a mediocre team. Daniel’s team wasn’t -- most went on to become execs, founders and very successful data scientists, but while on Daniel’s team, they stayed. They knew he brings out the best in the people he leads, inspiring them not only to do their best work but also to develop new skills and grow into more senior roles. Daniel built and led several strong teams, and his combination of technical depth and leadership experience allows him to see both the big picture and the technical details. In addition, he has the ability, rare among senior technologists, to clearly communicate his knowledge and perspective to both technical and non-technical audiences through his writing and public speaking. But what really sets him apart is his integrity, empathy and transparency. I’m looking forward to working with Daniel again some day. Sherry Shah Head of Recruiting for Data at LinkedIn November 7, 2012, Monica worked with Sherry in different groups Sherry is absolutely amazing! She quickly learns the team preferences when it comes to candidates, immediately grasps to the most subtle technical qualification differences, and does wonders for the candidate experience - from the first e-mail to closing. She knows where to route candidates and keeps all the team leads happy - which is quite a feat. Sherry is passionate, eager to learn, super sharp & knows exactly what candidates will respond to. I'm a big fan of her work. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Monica has 15 publications 15 Expand publications section Publications An Evaluation of Adaptive Filtering in the Context of Realistic Task-Based Information Exploration Additional Publications Available in Google Scholar BLANC: Learning Evaluation Metrics for Machine Translation Bridging offline and online social graph dynamics Corpus Microsurgery: Criteria Optimization for Medical Cross-Language IR Customizing Parallel Corpora at the Document Level Evaluating a trainable sentence planner for a spoken dialogue system High-performing feature selection for text classification Identifying similar people in professional social networks with discriminative probabilistic models Modeling relationship strength in online social networks Monica has 7 patents 7 Expand patents section Patents Methods and systems for identifying similar people via a business networking service Automated sentence planning in a task classification system Trainable Sentence Planning System Providing Recommendations to Members of a Social Network Additional patents available from the USPTO Methods and systems for exploring career options Presenting Actionable Recommendations to Members of a Social Network Monica has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 100 Most Creative People in Business 2014 Big Data All-Stars 2013 Enterprise Superstars Interests Polyvore 8,251 followers Apixio 1,796 followers 500 Startups 38,331 followers Stanford University 373,238 followers Automated Language Translation (MT / Machine Translation) 6,781 members 6502 Studios, LLC 27 followers See all See all following
More Actions Karen J has a account Karen J Yang, PhD Data Scientist Serco-NA University of California, San Diego Greater St. Louis Area 171 171 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent EMAIL: kyang272@yahoo.comhttp://www.slideshare.net/KarenJYangGithub: http://github.com/kjy •Strong communication skills (written, oral presentation, personal interviewing, & teaching)•Excellent customer/public service skills •Ability to analyze data and extract the most salient points that provide important insights•Adaptable and able to learn new things quickly, self-starter•Computer Programming skills: Python, R, Scala•Google's TensorFlow, AWS GPU instance•Scalable Machine Learning using Apache Spark•SQL•Jupyter notebook, Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, SciPy, SciKit-Learn, Requests, Networkx, BeautifulSoup, MrJob, Pattern•Apache Cassandra, certified developer (exam date 9/22/2015)•Experience running MapReduce (Hadoop) on 1/2 Terabyte data using Amazon Web Services(AWS)•Familiarity with Pig, HIVE, and Impala•Data visualization with python's Bokeh, R (base plot, ggplot2, lattice, slidify), and Tableau•Web Applications (Shiny, Ruby on Rails)•LINUX•Git, Github See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience General Clerk III Company Name Serco-NA Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Wentzville, Missouri General Clerk III, Serco-NA, Wentzville, MO, 2nd shift from 3pm to 11:30pm, November 2014 – present. Government Contractor. Client is Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Help to implement the Affordable Care Act to provide affordable health insurance to the consumer. Primarily perform casework research to resolve household data matching issues and/or expired status applications based on inconsistencies identified from the government hub databases (The Department of Homeland Security, Social Security Administration, and The Internal Revenue Service). Make customer care outbound phone calls and/or send out notices to consumer requesting supporting documents (citizenship—US passport, Certificate of Naturalization, Driver’s License, Certificate of Report of Birth, immigration—permanent residency card, employment authorization card, Notice of Action, asylum or refugee documents, annual income—W2, 1040 tax returns, pay stub, disability, social security/pension income, unemployment benefit, self-employment profit and loss statements). Perform complex issue resolution, using the Department of Homeland Security’s SAVE database (Systematic Alien Verification for Entitlements) to verify lawful presence. Verify annual income using an Income Verification Tool. Compare documented income against attested income as well as use the Federal Poverty Level table. Approve or deny exemption requests from federal law health insurance requirement, using documents for religious sects, Indian status, incarceration, healthcare sharing ministry, and economic hardships such as bankruptcy, catastrophes such as fire and floods, homelessness, utilities shut-off notice, and domestic abuse.•Ability to interact with different cultures and backgrounds.•Provide excellent customer service by educating the consumer on eligibility requirements and the next steps to take. Adjunct Professor Company Name Lindenwood University Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area Higher Education. Teach part-time in the adult college evening program at Lindenwood University. Courses include Twentieth Century World History, Art & Culture of Latin America, and Contemporary Issues of Latin America. Motivate and inspire students to learn. Ability to set class agenda meetings, manage and organize classroom, present materials and lectures, lead focus group discussions, plan out-of-classroom events, write exams, and evaluate students. Experience in using ARTstor,YouTube, podcasts, videos, and films to engage student learning. Received "met and exceeded" performance scores on teaching review based on classroom observation held on 5/26/11. Field Interviewer (data collector) Company Name National Opinion Research Center (NORC) at The University of Chicago Dates Employed Nov 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Illinois Non-Profit Research Organization. Serving southern Illinois communities, conduct surveys for project on National Survey on Early Care and Education (NSECE). Objective is to better understand the usage and availability of early care and education options for parents as well as what providers have in terms of staffing credentials, enrollment numbers, marketing plans, curriculum types, revenue sources, planning, resources, and training, which impacts the quality of care and education that they offer.Caseload of 150+ involved households with children under age 13, center-based providers (Head Start programs and public schools), informal home-based providers, faith-based providers (Baptist schools), community organizations (community non-profits, title IV funded after-school programs or YMCA after school tutoring programs), and private providers (Montessori). Conduct both phone interviews and one-on-one face interviews with household members, center providers, school principals, assistant school principals, after school program directors, program coordinators, and workforce individuals such as pre-K teachers, elementary school teachers, daycare teachers, teacher's aides, daycare aides, and special education teachers. Training on Ethics Certification, April 4, 2012Training on Gaining Cooperation, April 2, 2012 Data Collector-National Children's Study Company Name Headway Corporate Resources for Battelle--The National Children's Study Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location St. Louis, Missouri Non-Profit Research Organization. Serving the St. Louis neighborhoods of North St. Louis City, Northampton-Tilles Park, Dutchtown South, and Tower Grove South, visited 500+ households to conduct screener and pregnancy-related surveys through face-to-face interviewing. Purpose is to understand factors affecting children’s health and well-being. Provide resource sheets to households to access social services. Ability to adapt to protocol changes and possess strong attention to details. Experience in conducting survey in Spanish.Field Issues, 4/12/2011 and 3-month follow up, 4/26/2011PRECISE certification, 3/31/2011Bereavement training, 2/23/2011Visit Choreography and Case Management training, 2/1/2011Informed Consent for Research Participation training,1/18/2011Certification for fieldwork, 12/22/2010Cultural Competency Training, 12/16/2010NIH training certificate on online courses "Protecting Human Research Participants" and "Information Security Awareness", 11/28/2010 Enumerator (census taker) Company Name US Department of Commerce, Census Bureau Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos Location St. Louis, MO Federal Government. Conducted 100+ face-to-face census interviews in St. Louis City, St. Louis County, and Jefferson County. Registered in database as an on-call Spanish language speaker for local area. Gained experience in problem-solving, persistence and tenacity, ambiguity tolerance, building trust and rapport, active listening, and empathy skills. See more positions Education University of California, San Diego Degree Name MA Field Of Study Latin American Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 Activities and Societies: Teaching Assistant, American Legal History, Spring 1997. Research Assistant, Latin Amer. Studies, Summer 1996. Language studied: Spanish The Ohio State University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Political Science Grade 3.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Instructor, Introduction to Comparative Politics, Fall 2001. Research and Teaching Assistant positions, 1999-2001. Skills in critical thinking and problem solving with the ability to communicate and collaborate effectively. Advance research training in online media research. Ability to conduct strategic analysis. Experience in research proposal writing, grant writing, cost estimating, and budget management.Pre-dissertation field work in Buenos Aires, Argentina, summer 2001 involved 24 personal interviews conducted in Spanish.Spanish fluency. Completed 20+ university courses of Spanish language, literature, and phonetics. Study abroad in Mexico, Spain, Ecuador, and Argentina. Cross-cultural competence. The Ohio State University Degree Name MA Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Served as a Representative on Graduate Studies Committee (elected by peer graduate students of cohort class). Language studied: Spanish See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Organizing for America, a grassroots organization of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) Dates volunteered Jul 2012 – Oct 2012 Volunteer duration 4 mos Cause Politics Work phone bank and help with voter registration for a grassroots organization of the DNC that supports Barack Obama's legislative agenda. Canvassed in South City neighborhood in 2008. Skills Training Training Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management Program Management Click and drag to reorder skills Multivariate Statistics Multivariate Statistics Click and drag to reorder skills Microeconomics Microeconomics Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Karen J has 50 courses 50 Expand courses section Courses 6.00.1x: Introduction to Computer Science and Programming Using Python 2.7 (part 1), using Enthought Canopy’s python distribution, Certification of Achievement, January 2014, MIT, edX.org Algorithmic Thinking, using Python implementation, Rice University, Coursera.com Algorithms: Design and Analysis Part I, using Python, Stanford University, Certificate of Completion, Coursera.com Algorithms: Design and Analysis Part II, using Python, Stanford University, Coursera.com Applied Data Science with Python(course 1): Introduction to Data Science in Python, using Python 3.5, Pandas, NumPy, and SciPy, with Jupyter notebook on Anaconda distribution, Univ. of Michigan, coursera.org, Certificate of Completion CS105x: Introduction to Apache Spark, UC Berkeley, using python API pySpark, Spark Core and Spark SQL on Databricks Community Edition 2.21.3 and Spark 1.6.1, UC Berkeley, edX.org, completed CS110x: Big Data Analysis with Spark, using python API pySpark, UC Berkeley, edX.org, completed CS120x: Distributed Machine Learning with Apache Spark, using python API pySpark with pyspark.mllib and pyspark.ml, UC Berkeley, edX.org, completed CS50x: Introduction to Computer Science, using C, PHP, JavaScript, MySQL, CSS, HTML 5, Certificate of Completion, Harvard University, edX.org Cassandra Day St. Louis 2015, one-day seminar, overview of NoSQL Apache Cassandra 2015, DataStax Interests Neo4j 8,059 followers unifyze 435 followers Edelman Intelligence 6,209 followers Weber Shandwick 75,107 followers Tapjoy 9,218 followers Adobe 680,557 followers See all See all following
More Actions DJ has a influencer account 3rd degree connection3rd DJ Patil Former U.S. Chief Data Scientist; built & run product teams @ LinkedIn etc; done a bunch of security and some data too Self University of Maryland College Park San Francisco Bay Area Connect Pending Invitation Sent I focus on building great products with data.Been fortunate to build some incredible teams in the consumer and enterprise spaceHad to fight lots of bad guys in the cyber arenaHad some good luck in Academia working on chaos theoryWorked in two Administrations on domestic & national security issues.Here's a bit more detail:Most recently DJ was appointed by President Obama to be the first U.S. Chief Data Scientist where his efforts led to the establishment of nearly 40 Chief Data Officer roles across the Federal government. He also established new health care programs including the Precision Medicine Initiative and the Cancer Moonshot, new criminal justice reforms including the Data-Driven Justice and Police Data Initiatives that cover more than 94 million Americans, as well as leading the national data efforts. He also has been active in national security and for his efforts was awarded by Secretary Carter the Dept. of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service which the highest honor the department bestows on a civilian. In industry, he led the product teams at RelateIQ which was acquired by Salesforce, was founding board member for Crisis Text Line which works to use new technologies to provide on demand mental and crisis support, and was a member of the venture firm Greylock Partners. He has also was Chief Scientist, Chief Security Officer and Head of Analytics and Data Product Teams at the LinkedIn Corporation where he co-coined the term Data Scientist. He has also held a number of roles at Skype, PayPal, and eBay. As a member of the faculty at the University of Maryland, his research focused on nonlinear dynamics and chaos theory and he helped start a major research initiative on numerical weather prediction. As an AAAS Science & Technology Policy Fellow for the Department of Defense, Dr. Patil directed new efforts to leverage social network analysis and the melding of computational and social sciences to anticipate emerging threats to the US. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights DJ’S Articles & Activity 458,548 followers What does make America great? A scientist’s perspective DJ Patil on LinkedIn See 19 more articles Hack your summer DJ liked a comment Attending the Dynamics of Decision Making class at Wharton. Feels like I am back in school. Am mildly hungover, am at the back of the class, was late, and will probably walk out before it finishes. Some things never change. Wish I could be in school forever. #whartonreunion DJ liked Data Science DJ liked a comment See all activity Experience Working on some new ideas... Company Name Self Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Silicon Valley Working on new ideas to build new products U.S. Chief Data Scientist Company Name The White House Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Appointed as the first U.S. Chief Data Scientist and established the mission of the office: To responsibly unleash the power of data for the benefit of the American public and maximize the nation’s return on its investment in data.Some of the things we were responsible for:HealthcareEntering the genomic era of medicine - Precision Medicine Initiative (announced State of the Union 2015)End cancer - Cancer Moonshot (announced State of the Union 2016)Electronic medical records, patients access to data and data interoperabilityCybersecurity and the health ecosystemEnding suicide and improving mental health Criminal JusticeIncrease trust between law enforcement & citizens - Police Data Initiative - 44M Americans and 130 jurisdictions (launched by the President in Camden New Jersey)End the endless of cycle of incarceration - Data Driven Justice Initiative - 94M Americans, 141 jurisdictions and 10 StatesBig Data and Artificial Intelligence National StrategyAll data courses must have ethics & securityEnsuring data isn’t used for discriminationData and improving the life for all AmericansUsing data to help local communities connect to opportunities - launched the Opportunity ProjectAddressing the drastic rise in traffic fatalitiesIncreasing Federal capacity to be data-drivenHelped establish ~40 Chief Data Scientists/Officers across the Federal GovernmentEstablished the Data Cabinet and associated leadership group across national securityNow data scientist is a career path in the civil serviceNational SecurityBring Silicon Valley & the Pentagon closer together - helped establish DIUx and the Defense Digital ServiceEncryptionThis part redacted. Media (14) This position has 14 media Previous Next DJ Patil Shares How the White House Unleashes the Power of Data to Benefit All Americans DJ Patil Shares How the White House Unleashes the Power of Data to Benefit All Americans This media is a video The Police Data Initiative Year of Progress: The Police Data Initiative Year of Progress: This media is a link An Exit Interview With U.S. Chief Data Scientist DJ Patil An Exit Interview With U.S. Chief Data Scientist DJ Patil This media is a document Techies should take a ‘tour of duty’ in government, says White House’s DJ Patil Techies should take a ‘tour of duty’ in government, says White House’s DJ Patil This media is a link Meet DJ Patil: Obama’s Big Data dude Meet DJ Patil: Obama’s Big Data dude This media is a link Precision Medicine: A One-Year Update Precision Medicine: A One-Year Update This media is a link Meet DJ Patil: Obama’s Big Data dude Meet DJ Patil: Obama’s Big Data dude This media is a link DJ Patil - Obama's Data Science Initiative and its articulation with Precision Medicine DJ Patil - Obama's Data Science Initiative and its articulation with Precision Medicine This media is a video Board Member Company Name Crisis Text Line Dates Employed 2012 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Helping save teens lives through technology. Couldn't ask to work with a more passionate and dedicated crew. It's an honor. Advisor Company Name InsideVault Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Data Science for Search Marketing VP of Product Company Name RelateIQ Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Applying data science to decision making.One of the original 3 Advisors with Bob Cohn and Bill Campbell from initial idea through launchVP of Product to accelerate the business & product development executionAcquired by Salesforce.com for ~$400M Media (2) This position has 2 media LinkedIn's Data Guru's Second Act At Salesforce LinkedIn's Data Guru's Second Act At Salesforce This media is a link RelateIQ RelateIQ This media is a link See more positions Education University of Maryland College Park Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Area of researchs: Applied nonlinear dynamics, chaos theory, and complexity University of California San Diego Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Activities and Societies: President of Sangam 1995-1996 Volleyball Team 1993-1994 Programs of concentration: psychology, theaterResearch activities: ecology of sardine populations, geomorphology sand dunes De Anza College Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1992 Started out in Jr College and realized I was pretty good at math. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 186 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by Eric Colson and 33 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of DJ’S colleagues at SalesforceIQ Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 162 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 19 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of DJ’S colleagues at SalesforceIQ Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 149 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Jeremy Howard and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of DJ’S colleagues at SalesforceIQ Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (22) Ruslan Belkin Empower humankind to innovate faster, perform better, and solve bigger problems than ever before March 13, 2011, Ruslan worked with DJ in different groups Relentless and focused - DJ grew LinkedIn Analytics group from it's nascence to one of the most coveted data analytics teams in the business; DJ has been one of the best recruiters of top notch talent for LinkedIn and a champion of reason and balance within the business. Nadav Naaman Entrepreneur and Product Enthusiast October 27, 2008, Nadav worked with DJ in different groups DJ is one of the smartest people that I had the pleasure of working with. DJ has a unique blend of leadership traits, technology acumen, and business savvy. His strong analytical skills, combined with the capability of thinking out-of-the-box, guaranty he will find a solution to any issue at hand. DJ is honest and he’s someone you can always rely on. It’s always a pleasure to work with DJ. I highly recommend him. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Daniel Francisco Product Manager at Facebook January 21, 2015, DJ managed Daniel directly I've had the good fortune to work with Daniel in a wide variety of roles. From the early days of LinkedIn through the massive growth and then at RelateIQ. He's wicked sharp and can keep up with everything on financials, product, to the technical nuances. He has keen product instincts that are rare to find with his data and tech savvy. One of his superpowers is the humility he brings to his work. I've *never* heard anyone have a negative thing to say about him. He's genuine and I've been fortunate to trust him with some of our most difficult challenges. He *always* delivers. If you have the chance to work with Daniel, do not pass it up. Janice Power Executive Search Professional January 15, 2015, DJ was a client of Janice’s Janice was one of our secret weapons in building the data science team at LinkedIn. Thanks to her we were able to identify amazing talent. Her super power is her ability to listen and be empathetic. She'd spent countless hours helping a candidate work through their decision making process. The best thing about her, she always did what was right by the candidate. She played the long game and that paid dividends in the trust and reputation we built up. If you're able to work with her, you're an idiot to pass up the opportunity. View 20 more recommendations View 20 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments DJ has 15 publications 15 Expand publications section Publications Data Driven, Creating a data culture Data Scientist: The Sexiest Job of the 21st Century Data Jujitsu: The art of turning data into product Building Data Science Teams A Local Ensemble Kalman Filter for Atmospheric Data Assimilation Assessing a Local Ensemble Kalman Filter: Perfect Model Experiments on the NCEP Global Model Mechanisms for the Development of Locally Low Dimenional Atmospheric Dynamics Estimating the State of Large Spatio-Temporally Chaotic Systems Four Dimensional Ensemble Kalman Filtering Extracting Envelopes of Rossby Wave Packets DJ has 9 honors 9 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service Commencement Speaker - University of California, Santa Cruz Young Global Leader Commencement Speaker University of California, Berkeley, School of Informaiton Commencement Speaker - University of Maryland CMNS Gen Flux Cover Story 36 of tech's most powerful disruptors AAAS, Science and Technology Policy Fellow The World's 7 Most Powerful Data Scientists DJ has 9 patents 9 Expand patents section Patents METHODS AND SYSTEMS TO GENERATE GRAPHICAL REPRESENTATIONS OF RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN PERSONS BASED ON TRANSACTIONS SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR GRAPH PATTERN ANALYSIS Methods and systems to detect and report fraud in real time GRAPH PATTERN RECOGNITION INTERFACE Skill Ranking System Skill Customization System Skill Extraction System Transaction data representations using an adjacency matrix Methods and systems for exploring career options DJ has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Council on Foreign Relations DJ has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project InMaps Interests Editor's Picks 3,897,244 followers danah boyddanah boyd is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder of Data & Society Research Institute 161,817 followers NPR 336,532 followers Loic Le MeurLoic Le Meur is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur. Starting Leade.rs 340,412 followers Daniel PortilloDaniel Portillo is a LinkedIn Influencer Human Sorting Algorithm 74,043 followers Michael LazerowMichael Lazerow is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur w/ $2B+ exits. Investor. Painter. Writer. 140,351 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alexander has a account Alexander Smith Lead Data Scientist at Limeade Limeade University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent An aspiring data science executive, I use my passion for data and machine learning to help tackle tough problems in my company. I relish in both the art and the science of my field, while actively seeking opportunities to mentor and coach others in data science.I have played parts as both the data scientist and the data engineer, and have used my experience in these areas to provide leadership on all things data to others looking for insight. I have been humbled by the opportunity to share my achievements and present my ideas to others at conferences and local tech talks in the Seattle area. In 2015, my passion for data science and machine learning helped bring me into the top 1% of all Kaggle.com worldwide machine learning competitors.I am firm believer in the power of data, and the impact it will have on our future. I want to leverage data and information to help change the world for the better.Tools:- R, Python, SQLCloud Environments:- Amazon Web Services- Microsoft AzureData Visualization:- Tableau- Power BI- ggplot2Database Technologies:- MySQL, SQL Server, PostgreSQL- Hadoop, HDFS, Spark- NoSQL- Hive, PigDevelopment Languages:- Python, Java, C#Methodologies:- Machine Learning- Natural Language Processing- Statistical Modeling- Experimental Design- Linear and Nonlinear Models- Predictive Analytics- Data Mining- Time Series- Bayesian Statistical Inference See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Alexander’s Activity 1,045 followers Look at me. Being all wise and shit. Alexander liked I’m very excited to join Advanced Analytics LLC as the ‘Big Data Practice Director’. My role is to deliver high quality advanced analytics solutions to our clients, build a high-performance team and help growing our client base and revenue pipeline. If you or anyone you know has interest in learning more about our Big Data and advanced analytics services, please message me. Thanks! Alexander liked The first fully convolutional model for sequence to sequence learning that outperforms strong RNNs #deeplearning http://goo.gl/2mGZLE Alexander liked No one has the capability we've built, fully productized and delivered at scale! We have amazing customers and partners to prove it! If you're buying last-gen marketing cloud technology with rule-based decisioning, think again - you are about to miss the AI Marketing wave! Thanks Angela Sigley-Rittgers for being a great customer and partner! Alexander liked What is Docker and why is it so darn popular? Alexander liked Exciting to share that team Harvesting has been shortlisted by IBM Watson & XPRIZE to participate in a multi year Artificial Intelligence (AI) competition between worldwide teams tackling global grand challenges. Winner gets $5 million at the end of competition! The IBM Watson AI XPRIZE is a four-year competition with annual milestone competitions in 2017 and 2018. The top three finalists will compete for the Grand Prize at TED 2020. Alexander liked See all activity Experience Data Science Manager Company Name Limeade Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Bellevue, WA Lead Data Scientist Company Name Limeade Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Bellevue, Washington Data Science and Strategy Consultant Company Name Self-Employed Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Data science as a service, working freelance to help clients solve their data problems. Services include:- Cloud Architecture- Database Architecture- Natural Language Processing- Reporting and Analytics- Deep learning- Statistical Modeling- Data Science Strategy- Agile Business Intelligence Data Scientist Company Name Limeade Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Bellevue, Washington Leveraging our proprietary data and external data sources to provide deep and meaningful insight into our company's business practices. Working with executive leadership to define their analytical needs and solve problems. Delivering custom analyses of various program data to customers. Solutions Consultant - Data Analyst Company Name AIM Consulting Group Dates Employed May 2015 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Bellevue, Washington Working with customers and clients to tackle their data problems at the enterprise level. Skills in all facets of business intelligence and data science including: - Dimensional Modeling- Data Warehousing- ETL, Stored Procedure design- Data Ingestion/Extraction- Data Visualization- Big Data- Experiment Design- Data Analysis- Data Wrangling- Feature Engineering- Machine Learning and Predictive Analytics See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 Washington State University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Economic Analysis and Policy Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: President's Student Advisory Board, Service and Activities Fees Committee, Student Entertainment Board Hiring Committee, Associated Students of Washington State University, Sigma Nu Fraternity, Men's Rowing Team, Resident Hall President Volunteer Experience Mentor Company Name Year Up Dates volunteered Apr 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 2 mos Cause Education Mentor motivated, young adults from diverse urban backgrounds with the goal of providing support and professional guidance as they develop various skills needed to enter the workforce. Volunteer Company Name Habitat for Humanity International Dates volunteered Sep 2011 – Present Volunteer duration 5 yrs 9 mos Cause Poverty Alleviation Helping to build houses for those in need. Featured Skills & Endorsements Leadership See 27 endorsements for Leadership 27 Leadership Endorsed by Joan Halsey, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills R See 7 endorsements for R 7 R Mohammed Furqan and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 6 endorsements for Python 6 Python Mohammed Furqan and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Shailesh Ratadia Technical Evangelist at Microsoft February 13, 2015, Shailesh and Alexander were students together I have had the opportunity to work with Alex as part of the data science certification course. He is a true team player, very curious about trying different solutions to a problem (he came up with very creative ideas) and is very passionate about the promise of data science. He successfully led multiple projects assigned to the team and I have no doubt that his skills and enthusiasm for data science will serve him well throughout his career. Mohammed Furqan Senior Program Manager at Microsoft November 9, 2015, Mohammed worked with Alexander in the same group Furqan is a rock star. I had the pleasure to work with Furqan for a year at FlowEnergy, working together in the technology team and collaborating on several projects and initiatives. Furqan is a proven leader and a hard worker, whose attention to detail and knowledge of Agile methodology helped keep our team’s development projects on track and on time. Even in the face adversity, Furqan was able to help guide our team elegantly through obstacles and towards our objective. Beyond just working with our team, Furqan helped the company to further refine our vision and enhance our company’s offerings to customers. Furqan is a true team player and would make a great asset to any team. Shailesh Ratadia Technical Evangelist at Microsoft December 11, 2014, Alexander and Shailesh were students together As one of Shailesh's classmates at the University of Washington, I had the privilege to work with him on multiple data science projects. Shailesh is a very talented individual with a passion for his work and an appreciation for learning. His perseverance and creativity helped us tackle some tough problems together. He's a top-notch talent and I very much enjoyed collaborating with him! Accomplishments Alexander has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Limeade Culture of Improvement "Speak Plainly" Award President's Service and Leadership Award Interests ADP 390,595 followers Google 4,871,266 followers Stata users 16,615 members Data Scientists 49,115 members Washington State University 133,458 followers University of Washington 357,816 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a account Matt McInnis Data Scientist, Open Source Evangelist at IBM Canada IBM Canada Western University Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Matt McInnis is a data scientist and proud member of IBM Canada's Open Source Team where he helps organizations transform their data practices using open source technologies such as Apache Hadoop and Spark, and mathematical techniques such as machine learning and deep learning. He holds a BSc and MSc in Mathematics and Statistics respectively, is a full-stack application developer specializing in Ruby and Javascript, and is an established technology entrepreneur. Previously, Matt worked as a mathematics professor at top Canadian colleges Saskatchewan Polytechnic and more recently at Centennial College where he was selected as the top faculty member by Centennial College's Board of Directors in 2012. However, Matt is most proud of his volunteer work. He is an active member, speaker, and organizer in the Meetup community, his venture Where The GOOD Is partnered with top charities such as Evergreen and Habitat for Humanity to increase their number of volunteers, he is a volunteer mentor with organizations such as Ladies Learning Code, and has co-led a trip to Kenya with 35 teacher candidates from the University of Toronto and York University to construct a school and provide education.Twitter: twitter.com/MattLovesMathBlog: mattymc.github.ioGithub: github.com/MattyMc See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Matt’s Activity 1,236 followers Honored to be Best of IBM 2017. Thanks everyone for the support and guidance, specially to the #IBM Data Science Experience and Watson Machine Learning teams. Matt liked Incredible turnout at Devhub today for #io17, Google's developer conference. We're proud to be hosting one of the only 2 official Google I/O 2017 Extended events in Canada! With Devhub's mandate to be Canada's hub for developers and developer-centric events, this fits in perfectly! Matt liked Having a fun evening in Vaughan hosting an iOS workshop with Lighthouse Labs in partnership with City of Vaughan Startup York Region! Learning to build an iOS Music Player App using XCode and Swift. Big thanks to our instructor Jason Liang! Matt liked Linda’s photo Matt liked L&L #1 - Collaborative Filtering @ TranQuant Matt liked After three fantastic years of helping to grow the business at Nudge Rewards, the time has come to move on to new adventures. I leave the team proud of the amazing work we have accomplished together and of the incredible value we have delivered to our customers over the years. To Lindsey Goodchild, Dessy Daskalov, Jordan Ekers, and the rest of the leadership team, my utmost gratitude and endless thanks for giving me the opportunity to play a part in the Nudge Rewards story. You have built something special and I look forward to seeing all that Nudge Rewards is going to accomplish in the years to come! To the rest of the Nudge team, our wonderful partners at brandXP, and all the fantastic Nudge customers around the globe, it’s been a pleasure working with you all! Lastly, to Bane, Cliff, Honey, Lola, Lilly, Foster, Marley and the rest of the office puppies, thanks for putting up with my non-stop harassment... Cheers Matt liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist, Open Source Evangelist Company Name IBM Canada Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Mathematics Professor Company Name Centennial College Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos • Successfully integrated new learning tools into the classroom, including the Khan Academy, Google Docs, YouTube, and TED-Ed. • Strong skills concerning the implementation of learning management systems including Blackboard and Desire to Learn. • Coached Centennial College’s Ontario College Marketing Competition Team to a first place finish at 2011’s OCMC Competition. • Utilized strong industry connections to solicit multiple speakers for professional development events, including the keynote speaker at our Fall PD Day. • Participated in the creation and on-going redesign of courses pertaining to mathematics, statistics, career success and experiential learning. Statistical Consultant Company Name Matt McInnis Consulting Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos • Provided statistical consulting services through my private consulting practice to enable clients to make effective, data-driven decisions. • Worked with diverse datasets, including crime data from Prince Albert Police Department, requiring statistical analysis of monthly time-series data to quantify the effects of a police initiative to reduce recurrent crime to The Robart’s Institute where I provided statistical support for a research paper titled Evaluation of a Needle Guidance System, pending publication at the American Journal of Roentgenology. Peer Group Development Specialist Company Name York Technology Alliance Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo • Created and facilitated monthly meetings for business professionals along the vertical divisions of business.Meetings were attended by an average of 120 business professionals per month. Increased annual Peer Group attendance by over 35%. • Managed and implemented the YTA’s York University and Seneca College Scholarship Funds. Mathematics Instructor Company Name SIAST Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs • Successfully facilitated the instruction of both degree based courses, such as Statistics, Quantitative Methods and Finance as well as diploma based courses in the areas of industrial mechanics, electrical repair and carpentry.• Integrated new learning management platforms into mathematics learning, including Blackboard and the Khan Academy. See more positions Education Western University Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Brock University Degree Name BSc Honours Field Of Study Mathematics Integrated with Computers and Applications Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Focus in Statistics Volunteer Experience Founder, Director Company Name Where The GOOD Is! Dates volunteered May 2012 – Sep 2013 Volunteer duration 1 yr 5 mos • Designed to increase volunteerism with Toronto based charities by facilitating the creation of professional quality, exciting YouTube videos. Formed partnerships with organizations such as Habitat for Humanity Toronto, Evergreen and Dress for Success. • Created a strong team of passionate volunteers, including a design team from OCAD University, two professional film crews and informational specialists. • Project is live @ www.wherethegoodis.ca Trip Co-Lead Company Name Adventure Learning Experiences Dates volunteered Sep 2010 – Aug 2011 Volunteer duration 1 yr Cause Poverty Alleviation • Co-Lead a team of 35 teacher candidates from the University of Toronto and York University to rural Kenya to construct a school and provide education. • Teacher candidates on this trip received credit for their final teaching placement. Conducted multiple training sessions prior to leaving centered around the cultural, political and educational challenges facing many countries in Africa. Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 66 endorsements for Statistics 66 Statistics Endorsed by Matt Davison, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Matt’s colleagues at IBM Canada Click and drag to reorder skills Apache Spark See 3 endorsements for Apache Spark 3 Apache Spark Endorsed by James Tieu, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Hadoop See 2 endorsements for Hadoop 2 Hadoop Ahmad Fawaz Bshennaty and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (3) Farida Ali Senior Accounts Payable, and a Business Accounting Graduate January 25, 2013, Matt worked with Farida in the same group Matt is a natural at teaching. He genuinely cares for people and it shows in his teaching style. He is kind, patient, and courteous, and his face always lit up every time he teaches us math. I think Matt would be an asset to any organization. Rodrigo Oyarzun Supervisor at Warren Industries Ltd. December 2, 2011, Rodrigo reported directly to Matt Matt is an exceptional teacher. He is able to effectively instruct students and keep them interested in the topics he covers. Being his student has afforded me the ability to take difficult material and make it interesting, applicable and challenging. I would personally look forward to working with Matt in the future and I fully recommend Matt as a professor or as a colleague. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Amy Morrell Chair - Department of Marketing, Entrepreneurship & Fashion, School of Business January 13, 2017, Matt reported directly to Amy Amy is kind, smart and an excellent strategic thinker. I had the pleasure of working with Amy at Centennial College where she was the Chair of our Marketing programs. Amy is fantastic to work and collaborate with. She was integral in creating new academic programs, increasing access for students to support services, and maintaining a high level of academic quality. An outstanding person. Miranda Walsh High Performing Administrative Professional, Recent Grad, Award Winning Singer/Songwriter March 31, 2015, Matt was Miranda’s teacher Miranda is one of the most dedicated, hard-working and kind students I have had the pleasure to teach. She excelled in my Introduction to Statistics course, achieving the top grade in her class. Miranda would be an asset to any organization. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Matt has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Microsoft Office Specialist Matt has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course The Hardware/Software Interface Matt has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Education 7,173,262 followers Brock University 58,021 followers The Math Connection 39,554 members Santiago IniguezSantiago Iniguez is a LinkedIn Influencer President IE University, Chair AACSB 114,206 followers Spark Technology Center 247 followers Applied Mathematics Global Research and Consulting Network (SM) 5,062 members See all See all following
More Actions William Z. has a account William Z. Chen Data Scientist at Quora Quora Harvard University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data scientist based in San Francisco, currently working at Quora. I'm interested in using data and statistics to inform decisions to improve both product and business.I frequently write about Data Science, Statistics, Machine Learning, and Probability on Quora. Check out my answers at https://www.quora.com/profile/William-Chen-6/answers/Data-ScienceTechnical Specialties: Statistics, Product Analytics, Data Analysis, Statistical Modeling, Metrics, Data Science, Machine Learning, Predictive Modeling See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Quora Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Mountain View, CA * Work with engineers, product managers, designers, and other data scientists to inform product decisions using statistics Teaching Fellow (x4) Company Name Harvard University Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Cambridge, MA * Held weekly sections for Harvard's Introduction to Probability course (Stat 110) in the Fall and I Introduction to Statistics course (Stat 104) in the Spring* Graded homeworks and held office hoursSee http://harvardpolitics.com/harvard/harvard-undergraduates-teaching-harvard-doesnt-want-talk/ for more info Media (2) This position has 2 media Harvard Undergrads are Teaching Each Other and Harvard Doesn’t Want to Talk About It Harvard Undergrads are Teaching Each Other and Harvard Doesn’t Want to Talk About It This media is a document Harvard Undergrads are Teaching Each Other and Harvard Doesn’t Want to Talk About It Harvard Undergrads are Teaching Each Other and Harvard Doesn’t Want to Talk About It This media is a document Data Science Intern Company Name Quora Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Mountain View, CA * Used data to help understand user engagement and drive growth* Built internal tools to better understand sources of trafficSee https://www.quora.com/What-is-it-like-to-intern-at-Quora-as-a-data-scientist for more info Data Analyst Company Name Etsy Dates Employed Sep 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Part-time remote work while completing my Bachelor's degree. Data Analyst Intern Company Name Etsy Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Brooklyn, NY * Did exploratory data analysis on categories* Helped understand drivers of seller successSee https://www.quora.com/What-is-it-like-to-intern-at-Etsy for more info Education Harvard University Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Joint 4-year Bachelors and Masters program Harvard University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Statistics (with secondary in Computer Science) Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Joint 4-year Bachelors and Masters program Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 30 endorsements for Statistics 30 Statistics Endorsed by Hossein Azari and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of William Z.’s colleagues at Quora Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 21 endorsements for Data Analysis 21 Data Analysis Endorsed by Yuan Jiang and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of William Z.’s colleagues at Harvard University Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 15 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 15 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Hossein Azari and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of William Z.’s colleagues at Harvard University Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments William Z. has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications Escape Room Tips The Data Science Handbook You Can Earn As Much Or More From A Pay-What-You-Want Model As From A Fixed Price Model The Most Common Mistake Made By Aspirational Data Scientists How do I become a data scientist? Interests Harvard University 597,128 followers Facebook 1,533,325 followers Quora 22,198 followers Harvard University 490,538 followers Unofficial Quora Group 805 members Twitter 492,885 followers See all See all following
More Actions Victor Genin has a account Victor Genin ☆ Data Scientist Data Strategy Consultant ✔ Machine Learning Expert ✔ Text/Image Analyst ✔ Artificial Intelligence Specialist✔ Freelance Data Scientist - Data Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence The Johns Hopkins University Tel Aviv Area, Israel 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I help companies in different spheres to stay ahead of their competitors by building machine learning and artificial intelligence solutions. My background includes over 10 years of development, system analysis, managing R&D teams and running a startup on top of it - I know how to get things done and I know how to do it well! The premier focus is on product strategy and time to market. Only then developing a tailored solution fitting the business most urgent needs. Independent and proactive approach is a key to finishing a successful project. Cross industry experience: health, marketing, retail, HR, advertisement, project management, insurance, FinTech and gambling.📌 SERVICES: ✔ Assessment workshop | Providing strategic AI guidance for company’s growth✔ Start-ups Technical Due Diligence | For helping Angels and VCs to make investments✔ Part-time Consultancy | For solving specific problem✔ Full-time Engagement | For getting things done!📌 AREAS OF EXPERTISE: 🔎 Data Strategy (short and long term strategy)🔎 Text Analysis (NLP)🔎 Image/Video Analysis (Computer Vision) 🔎 Pattern Recognition🔎 System architecture and CTO guidance📌 Advise for contacting Victor Please connect with a personal message unless we have met/collaborated. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Victor Genin’s Activity 4,591 followers Barry’s photo Victor Genin commented You would think that the recent well publicised, self-inflicted PR disasters by United and American Airlines would alert operators to be a little less pedantic in the way they treat their customers. Well, I learned that easyJet has a cunning way of making extra money. At Gatwick's North Terminal, they advise passengers to stay in the main departure area until they announce the gate number. It takes 12 minutes to walk quickly from departure area to their gate. 15 minutes if the moving walkway isn't working. They allow 10 minutes before they close the gate. The moving walkway wasn't moving and I was 30 seconds late. I shouted that I've got a ticket for the flight as I was running toward the gate. You would think that the girl in charge had training in customer relations by the East German Stasi. The Berlin Wall was friendlier. I could see the plane. The doors were open and people were waiting on the stairs to enter the plane and she wouldn't let me board. All this to force me to buy another ticket. Another 6 people were caught in the same trap. EasyJet? Never again. Never again. Victor Genin commented This week, I attended the opening ceremony for Hewlett Packard Enterprise's new Asia Pacific and Japan Headquarters building in Singapore, where we have been based for 46 years. It was great to celebrate this milestone with our Singapore-based employees, Hewlett-Packard Alumni, and the Chairman of the Singapore Economic Development Board, Dr. Beh Swan Gin, who helped us officially open the building. Victor Genin liked See all activity Experience Freelance Data Scientist | Machine Learning Engineer | Data Analyst | Artificial Intelligence Company Name Freelance Data Scientist - Data Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Tel Aviv, Israel | London, UK | San Francisco, USA | Sydney, Australia • Designing data analysis and visualization pipeline in insurance, accounting, investment, project management, human resources, retail and other domains.• Developing and evaluating data models for new and existing products.• Text Processing: chat-bots, sentiment analysis and text summarization• Image Processing: object identification, image to text transformation• Machine Learning: deep learning and artificial intelligence• Full stack Data Analysis: data strategy, data modelling, data mining, anomaly detection, segmentation, classification and prediction. Co-Founder and CTO - eSports Analytics Company Name FanAI Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos FanAI is an AI-driven Audience Monetization platform focusing first on eSports, and their sponsor ecosystems, increasing franchise and sponsorship revenues by making their audience data actionable. Team Lead - User Behaviour Analytics Company Name PLAYWISE Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Israel • Management the development of data analysis projects in gambling domain.• Offshore and in-house matrix management according to Agile Scrum methodology.• Players gambling habits data analytics using Machine Learning and Big Data technologies.• Building bonus distribution engine based on users' real time activity events. Media (2) This position has 2 media Users Behaviour Data Analysis Users Behaviour Data Analysis This media is an image Real Time Event Processing Analytics Real Time Event Processing Analytics This media is an image Co-Founder and CTO - System Architect and Product Manager Company Name BumbleAd Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Israel • Co-Founder of PAAS start-up providing a solution for monetizing browser extensions through advertisement.• Designing and implementing the architecture of the entire solution in all its aspects using Big Data, NLP (Natural Language Processing) and Machine Learning technologies.• Text analysis, recommendation engines, users' segmentation and ROI (return on investment) optimization algorithms. Media (2) This position has 2 media Text Analysis Text Analysis This media is an image Big Data Architecture Big Data Architecture This media is an image Senior Web Team Lead - Project and Matrix Management Company Name NGSoft Ltd. Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Israel • Offshore and outsource matrix management of concurrent projects in different life cycle stages.• Designing the architecture of solutions and integration between different parties.• Working according to Agile methodologies (Scrum and Kanban).• Data mining from different sources including data modelling and planning data strategy. Media (2) This position has 2 media First International Bank of Israel mobile app First International Bank of Israel mobile app This media is an image Musix Portal (by Pelephone mobile carrier) Musix Portal (by Pelephone mobile carrier) This media is an image See more positions Education The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name Specialization Certificate Field Of Study Data Science 🎓 (1st) Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 The Open University of Israel Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Data Mining and Machine Learning 🎓 (1st) Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 The Open University of Israel Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Computer Science 🎓 (2:1) Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 34 endorsements for Data Science 34 Data Science Endorsed by 6 people in the last 6 months Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 30 endorsements for Machine Learning 30 Machine Learning Naama Arad and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Artificial Intelligence See 30 endorsements for Artificial Intelligence 30 Artificial Intelligence Naama Arad and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (21) Given (16) Edward James Bass Co-Founder & Director at EntSight January 26, 2017, Edward James was a client of Victor Genin’s From the initial scope and requirements phase, throughout the planning, the assessment workshop we've undergone was all we could hoped for. Victor demonstrated a wide variety of expertise both in machine learning as well as system architecture. I would highly recommend to anyone looking to grow their business through data. Johannes Waldstein Founder & CEO at FanAi Inc. October 28, 2016, Johannes was a client of Victor Genin’s Victor is very smart and very efficient with his time. Excellent communication, support, great problem solving, highly professional result. Will definitely be working with Victor again. View 19 more recommendations View 19 more recommendations recommendations Ilan Gur Software Architect at Clarizen January 29, 2017, Victor Genin managed Ilan directly Ilan continuously exceeds the expectations set for his position. He willingly accepts challenging assignments and offers to contribute where ever he can. Ilan has demonstrated excellent software development and system architecture skills, which are very essential to address the constantly evolving business requirements. The best thing I noticed in him is his insatiable zeal to learn latest technical skills, technology stacks and tools and offer better solutions. Cadabra Studio Digital Agency Design & Development February 17, 2016, Victor Genin worked with Cadabra but at different companies I had a pleasure of working with Cadabra Studio on common projects in the sphere of retail and IOT. Working with lovely and very creative girls was a privilege. Not only they are amazing designers, but also have a vast knowledge in different domains with an eye for details. They are very innovative and always look for new solutions and fresh ideas, which can advance the team knowledge to exceed the client’s expectations and goals. I recommend them to any client of mine. View 14 more recommendations View 14 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Victor Genin has 17 courses 17 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Financing and Hedge at Megamot college Computer Vision at Georgia Institute of Technology Deep Learning Summer School Conference at Montreal University Deep Learning at Oxford University Deep Learning for NLP at Technische Universität Darmstadt Enterprise Search Using Apache Solr at Lucidworks Financing and Investment at Megamot college Machine Learning at Stanford University Mining Massive Datasets at Stanford University Natural Language Processing at Stanford University Victor Genin has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Hebrew Victor Genin has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications PRINCE2 Practitioner Certified ScrumMaster Victor Genin has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Clustering of social network using genetic algorithm Victor Genin has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score IELTS (International English Language Testing System) Interests Massachusetts Institute of Technology 277,276 followers The Johns Hopkins University 137,775 followers Ryan HolmesRyan Holmes is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Hootsuite 1,478,218 followers Tom BedecarreTom Bedecarre is a LinkedIn Influencer Stanford DCI Fellow at Stanford University 77,333 followers KNIME.com 1,530 followers Data Visualization 12,328 members See all See all following
More Actions Joe has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Joe Glines AutoHotKey /Automation Expert Turning the world uʍop ǝpısdn the-Automator School of Hard Knocks! Dallas/Fort Worth Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Joe is an established senior analyst with 17+ years of experience. He possesses outstanding analytical, statistical, automation, and interpersonal skills. He in incredibly creative always thinking outside the box on ways to improve processes, analyze data, and automate the mundane. Recently he has worked to automate accessing APIs to extract and append data to customer & company fields increasing the value of data 10 fold!Specialties: SPSS, Python,Multivariate Statistics, Automation, Macros, ETL, email marketing, and Social Media. Below are links to videos which he has created demonstrating some of the tools he has created. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Joe’s Articles & Activity 6,591 followers Intro to Web Scraping Webinar 5/16 Joe Glines on LinkedIn See 23 more articles How to Use Mulitple External Monitors With Your Laptop Joe shared this How to Check if Your HP Laptop Has the Conexant Keylogger Joe shared this 15-second ads coming to Amazon’s Alexa Joe shared this See all activity Experience Data Cowboy & Automation Guru Company Name the-Automator Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Automating the world One step at a time! Media (4) This position has 4 media Previous Next Use an API for Sales Prospecting- Automate finding sales leads Use an API for Sales Prospecting- Automate finding sales leads This media is a link SPSS to Excel graph in seconds- Autographs to reduce workload SPSS to Excel graph in seconds- Autographs to reduce workload This media is a link Regular Expressions to automate metrics is a lifesaver! Regular Expressions to automate metrics is a lifesaver! This media is a link Regex on funky labels Regex on funky labels This media is a video Data Scientist & Automation Specialist Company Name Texas Instruments Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Dallas • Tied Revenue data to activities showing both the Samples program and WEBENCH contribute to increase in revenue. Built solid model allowing for evaluating of potential of company and very accurately estimating how many sales people should be assigned.• Utilized data from over 1 million sample orders to determine patterns in how customers use specific products. Data was sliced at various levels allow Product Engineers to see specifics of how customers were using their devices as well as higher-management to see how product families were being utilized.• Established new naming convention for campaigns that allowed for automating reporting of email metrics. What once took 40 hours was reduced down to 30 minutes.• Invented new targeting methodology which identified more contacts yet typically receives click rates around 15% (approximately 3x our normal rate).• Developed new ways to identify criteria for better targeting contacts. Nearly every email sent now is based on behavioral data instead of clients selecting high-level segments• Provided incites to IMS team providing profiles of engineers• Collaborated with teammates developing new ways to make improvements to existing systems and develop new tools to fill gaps Media (2) This position has 2 media Programs that help you write programs Programs that help you write programs This media is a video Uploading a contact list ot Engage via an API call Uploading a contact list ot Engage via an API call This media is a video Data Scientist & Automation Specialist Company Name Texas Instruments Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 9 yrs 1 mo Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Scripting, Regular Expressions, Automation, JavaScript, AutoHotKey, VBA, Object oriented programming. COM(Component Object Modules) Media (1) This position has 1 media Web Scraping with AutoHotKey 101-Pointer and getting values from page Web Scraping with AutoHotKey 101-Pointer and getting values from page This media is a link Market Research Project Manager Company Name Texas Instruments Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Work as an on-site consultant with Texas Instruments in Dallas, TX. TI groups consulted are located around the world. Design, implement and analyze data from TI customers and employees. Selected accomplishments include:• Macros / Syntax- Created SPSS macros to clean sample which automatically flagged: TI employees, distributors, students, professors, competitors, etc. • Analog segmentation- Worked with external supplier to survey design engineers in emerging markets. In-depth interviews were followed up with online quantitative study conducted in Russian, Polish, Czech, Traditional Chinese & English.• Customer Loyalty- Created SPSS data file from a challenging CSV data file. Automated frequency/cross-tab reporting which allowed more time to better match analysis to client needs. Tweaking of the import file allowed for importing of 2007 data and year-to-year comparisons. Utilized SPSS Text analysis for Surveys to code 2,400+ open-ends in less than 6 hours. Syntax was saved which can be reused during future studies. Director of Research Company Name Six Flags Dates Employed 2005 – 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs Oversaw research projects for corporate. Managed budget of $700K for ad hoc projects and ongoing studies such as: Mystery Shops, Attendance Tracking Survey (ATS) for 34 parks and Guest Satisfaction Survey (GSS) for 19 parks. Worked directly with executives, park managers, and marketing directors to create actionable reports in a timely manner. Media (2) This position has 2 media Web Scraping with AutoHotKey 103-Isolating sections and taking advantange of DOM plus looping over pages Web Scraping with AutoHotKey 103-Isolating sections and taking advantange of DOM plus looping over pages This media is a link Web Scraping with AutoHotKey 102-Setting values and clicking Web Scraping with AutoHotKey 102-Setting values and clicking This media is a link See more positions Education School of Hard Knocks! Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Solving problems by thinking outside of the box! Grade A+ Dates attended or expected graduation 1968 – 2019 I love challenges and issues. I thrive on hearing that something "can't be done"! University of Georgia - Terry College of Business Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Market Research Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2001 Studied quantitative / multivariate techniques. On every assignment I used SAS, SPSS, and Systat to see how the differed and what they offered. University of Georgia - Terry College of Business Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Market Research Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2000 See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name The Marine Mammal Center Dates volunteered Jan 1996 – Jan 1997 Volunteer duration 1 yr 1 mo Cause Animal Welfare Making "fish smoothies", tube feeding it to various types of mammals and cleaning up their mess. Featured Skills & Endorsements AutoHotKey See 34 endorsements for AutoHotKey 34 AutoHotKey Boaz Weiss (LION) and 33 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills API See 30 endorsements for API 30 API Boaz Weiss (LION) and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Automation See 38 endorsements for Automation 38 Automation Endorsed by 4 of Joe’s colleagues at Texas Instruments Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (4) Suann Griffin Strategist | Speaker | Consumer Insights Open to New Opportunities May 6, 2013, Suann worked with Joe but at different companies Joe has been a colleague and a mentor over the years, and is someone you can sit down with for a true brainstorming session to think outside of the box. Joe brings solid market research expertise to the table and is the most talented automation expert and SPSS scripter that I have come across in 15 years. His remarkable efficiency derives from his personal work ethic and innovative applications to use technology in ways the rest of us are still dreaming about. In addition to his technical, research, and statistical expertise, Joe is an absolute delight to work with and has a wealth of knowledge that he shares with a grin. Sumana Garlapati Business Analyst at North Texas Specialty Physicians June 15, 2015, Sumana worked with Joe in the same group For the past four years I have had the pleasure of working with Sumana. She is incredibly knowledgeable, professional, and willing to help. Her level of expertise in SQL and Business Objects ensures we create well-conceived, and designed, solutions for our clients. Sumana is always willing to help explain complex problems and works well with our clients. She’s also a great team-player and is a great source of knowledge and information. Edward Pittman VP, Communications at Carrington Mortgage Holdings August 4, 2014, Joe worked with Edward but at different companies At Brink's, Edward Pittman directed internal communications for more than 70,000 people in 100 countries. To accomplish that task with minimal staff is a tall order; but to do it with seeming ease is something else again. Edward created and coordinated all employee communications, including messages from leadership, HR, Sales, Operations and Benefits — plus some external releases and letters to key customers.His executive messages captured the style of whomever needed to deliver the message, and always created the desired results with the employees who were listening. He truly is a talented individual whom I recommend unconditionally. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Joe has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Data / Statistics English Joe has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certificate of Completion: SQL Fundamentals Joe has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization DFW Pythoneers Interests SPSS Power Users 11,460 members AutoIt Users Group 1,195 members The Hub.Careers Network (#1 in Jobs, Recruiters, HR, Managers, Finance, Marketing & Technology) 512,117 members Fórum VAGAS.com - RH, carreiras e profissões 951,403 members Andrew 'Flip' FilipowskiAndrew &#39;Flip&#39; Filipowski is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-CEO Fluree, building a new business application platform. 188,737 followers NFC Bootcamp 93 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ramya has a account Ramya Peri Data Scientist- Azure Machine Learning/Predictive Analysis; Program Manager DOT Data Scientist(Microsoft/MIT), MBA, PMP, Bachelors in Engineering(BTech) Greater Seattle Area 189 189 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Data Scientist with experience generating Supervised/Unsupervised (Classification, Regression, Clustering), Time Series, Spatial, Natural Language Processing, Text and Image Analytical Azure Machine Learning models. • IT professional in Microsoft and Java Technologies delivering software solutions to clients in diversified lines of business, using Microsoft.NET n-tier architecture in SDLC. • Results-driven Program Management Professional with expertise driving high visibility programs for clients in Federal, Retail, Telecom, Consumer goods, Software, Insurance, Institutional and Manufacturing industries. • PMI certified Project Manager with project management experience geared towards root cause analysis, project planning, execution, proactive risk monitoring, supply chain efficiencies and process improvement.• Driven the implementation of Siebel Marketing Customer Relationship Management (CRM) for L’Oréal Paris. Generated segmented models, A/B Testing to Train and Test the data models.• Optimized the fleet strategy at Wal-Mart Supply Chain resulting in 525k annual savings per each supplier leveraging data analysis, demand forecasting models and dashboard reporting. • Delivered “managed solutions” to the clients of British Telecom by collaborating with cross functional teams consisting of off-shore teams, suppliers, technical design engineers, international trade teams, regional leads, delivery project managers in a matrix organization that represented a significant revenue recognition of $ 60 million+. • Supported the successful implementation of Capital Assets Transfer/Asset Protection to support the selling of Cisco assets (worth $10 million+) that were installed as part of LAN and WAN Transformation at various P&G sites globally. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Skills Azure Machine Learning Azure Machine Learning Click and drag to reorder skills Azure SQL Azure SQL Click and drag to reorder skills Cortana Intelligence Solutions Cortana Intelligence Solutions Click and drag to reorder skills Supervised and UnSupervised Machine Learning Supervised and UnSupervised Machine Learning Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Ravi Vedula Partner Group Engineering Manager at Microsoft October 3, 2016, Ravi was Ramya’s mentor My professional association with Ramya is in the capacity of a career mentor. This gives me a remarkably strong vantage point to comment on her personal qualities, her career growth potential and abilities that would make her hugely successful in the workplace. I am always impressed by her intellectual curiosity and desire to learn and know more. This is a quality I believe will make her a great employee. I look forward to seeing her make a further leap to greatness armed with a great job and any company will benefit by giving her that opportunity. Russ Pistone Client Principal - Avaya Professional Services May 7, 2013, Ramya worked with Russ in the same group Ramya and I worked closely together on a global network migration for a large multinational manufacturing company in New Jersey. Ramya was one of two project managers, and handled a vast amount of detailed coordination, communications and logistical scheduling. I was always confident in Ramya's ability to figure things out - in the best interest of both the client and the company, thereby always making it a true "win-win" for all parties involved. She interfaced well with everyone associated with the project, both inside and outside the organization. I recommend and would hire Ramya, if the situation arises. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Internet of Things, Big Data and Internet of People 8,341 members Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,429,068 followers Satya NadellaSatya Nadella is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Microsoft 1,142,134 followers American Graduate University 1,968 followers Pulse 1,535,142 followers Wimmer Solutions 9,830 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joe has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Joe Glines AutoHotKey /Automation Expert Turning the world uʍop ǝpısdn the-Automator School of Hard Knocks! Dallas/Fort Worth Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Joe is an established senior analyst with 17+ years of experience. He possesses outstanding analytical, statistical, automation, and interpersonal skills. He in incredibly creative always thinking outside the box on ways to improve processes, analyze data, and automate the mundane. Recently he has worked to automate accessing APIs to extract and append data to customer & company fields increasing the value of data 10 fold!Specialties: SPSS, Python,Multivariate Statistics, Automation, Macros, ETL, email marketing, and Social Media. Below are links to videos which he has created demonstrating some of the tools he has created. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (1) Given (4) Suann Griffin Strategist | Speaker | Consumer Insights Open to New Opportunities May 6, 2013, Suann worked with Joe but at different companies Joe has been a colleague and a mentor over the years, and is someone you can sit down with for a true brainstorming session to think outside of the box. Joe brings solid market research expertise to the table and is the most talented automation expert and SPSS scripter that I have come across in 15 years. His remarkable efficiency derives from his personal work ethic and innovative applications to use technology in ways the rest of us are still dreaming about. In addition to his technical, research, and statistical expertise, Joe is an absolute delight to work with and has a wealth of knowledge that he shares with a grin. Sumana Garlapati Business Analyst at North Texas Specialty Physicians June 15, 2015, Sumana worked with Joe in the same group For the past four years I have had the pleasure of working with Sumana. She is incredibly knowledgeable, professional, and willing to help. Her level of expertise in SQL and Business Objects ensures we create well-conceived, and designed, solutions for our clients. Sumana is always willing to help explain complex problems and works well with our clients. She’s also a great team-player and is a great source of knowledge and information. Edward Pittman VP, Communications at Carrington Mortgage Holdings August 4, 2014, Joe worked with Edward but at different companies At Brink's, Edward Pittman directed internal communications for more than 70,000 people in 100 countries. To accomplish that task with minimal staff is a tall order; but to do it with seeming ease is something else again. Edward created and coordinated all employee communications, including messages from leadership, HR, Sales, Operations and Benefits — plus some external releases and letters to key customers.His executive messages captured the style of whomever needed to deliver the message, and always created the desired results with the employees who were listening. He truly is a talented individual whom I recommend unconditionally. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Interests On Startups - The Community For Entrepreneurs 862,078 members Marketing & Sales at D&B 4,130 followers Amazon Echo / Smart Home / IoT 83 members Fórum VAGAS.com - RH, carreiras e profissões 951,403 members SurveyGizmo 1,093 followers Amazon Alexa Developers - Echo, Dot & Tap 821 members See all See all following
More Actions Satyam has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Satyam Priyadarshy, MBA, Ph.D HALLIBURTON Technology Fellow & Chief Data Scientist; Speaker, Author, Mentor and Coach, Board Member Halliburton Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University - Pamplin College of Business Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent **One of Top 50 Candidates in the Country - Nominated to be on the Corporate Boards by the AgendaWeek, The Financial Times Group publication *I am a veteran of Big Data, having created and led Data Science teams couple of times in my career, I have a winning formula for building and mentoring such teams who can add value to a business. I have developed a global reputation in Big Data, implementing powerful solutions through expertise in all aspects of the data pyramid that works well with business strategy and organizational strategy. I have extensive Management Consulting and Corporate Leadership experience in various companies including Fortune 100 to start-ups. I have worked with clients in Australia, Japan, India, US and Europe. As a thought leader, I was appointed as a Senior Fellow at the International Cyber Security Center at George Mason University, Virginia. I have a passion for building and leading high-powered teams to deliver data-driven results improving products, services, and business processes. The established record of contributions I've made to my employers has added greatly to their top-line growth and bottom-line profitability.I am currently mentoring teams and serving as acting CTO of 4 angel-funded start ups: Enformed (Saas platform for retail-rebates), Foodem (eCommerce), Sustainable Star (Solar Energy), and OKCoPay (Healthcare).President-Elect & Board Member of DC Chapter of TiE (TiE is world's largest entrepreneurial network).Leadership : Executive, Team, R&D, Data and Analytics, TechnologyVerticals: Technology, Media, Finance, Health-care, Non-Profits, Education, Retails, etc. B2B & B2C Platforms, Social & Digital Media , eCommerce Solutions, Mobile & Web Technolgies, 24x7 OperationsTechnology: Cloud / Virtualization, Big Data Mining & Analytics, Scalable Solutions, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Text and Data Mining, SaaS Deployment See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Satyam’s Activity 4,765 followers onalytica on Twitter Satyam liked 031.JPG Satyam liked Sam Keeley, Melissa Leo &amp; Kal Penn Join ‘The Ashram’ From ‘The Lunchbox’ Producer Satyam liked Faces Of NPR: Sohail Anwar Satyam liked Arcadia Data Named by Gartner as a 2017 Cool Vendor in Internet of Things Analytics Satyam liked Dan Hammer and I finished our semester at Georgetown by having our grad students give lightning talks on their data science projects. The thought that went into each of project was impressive, especially the sensitivity to the ethics. Here are the headlines: (1) predicting risk of gov contract overages; (2) exploring divorce patterns; (3) identifying at-risk behavior impacts on HS performance; (4) modeling recidivism risks; (5) tracking political twitter activity and hate groups; (6) developing ML for hedonic pricing; (7) characterization of typologies and clusters of terrorist activity;(8) revisiting poverty mapping + ML; (9) dev a library for model selection for econ models. Keep an eye on these rising stars: Andrea Chamorro Jingyu Gao Yuan Xiang Lipei Tao Robert Morello Janani Shankaran Bryan Baird Chinmaya Holla Celeste Chen Sarah Unbehaun Carlos Delgado Salas Loren Lipsey Seth Taylor Tommie Thompson Shashank Shekhar Rai Nghia-Piotr Le Raiyan Kabir Satyam liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Cloud Computing See 196 endorsements for Cloud Computing 99+ Cloud Computing Endorsed by Vijay Gill and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Satyam’s colleagues at Halliburton Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 191 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Satyam’s colleagues at Halliburton Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 173 endorsements for Strategy 99+ Strategy Endorsed by Oleg Vishnepolsky and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Satyam’s colleagues at Halliburton Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (9) Given (12) Govinda Giri Founder @Sagoon Inc October 12, 2012, Satyam worked with Govinda in the same group Dr. Satyam is one of the best known people in the high tech industry in US/India. He is a search scientist in BIG DATA- data mining. He is nice, cool, and friendly. I love working with him Cynthia Amaya IT Systems Administrator at Quadrant, Inc. November 3, 2009, Satyam was senior to Cynthia but didn’t manage directly A great teacher doesn't need much outside himself to inspire the next generation...Satyam stands before a class and shares his knowledge on a subject, much of which comes from his personal experience. He takes time to make sure students understand the material and its importance in the real world. They aren't asked to regurgitate, instead they are encouraged to think about, question and give input to the lesson of the day. While he is a patient professor who gives students every opportunity to succeed, he expects the best and can tell when excuses are being made. As a student who has seen many a professor stand behind an assigned power point, I highly recommend taking a course with Professor Priyadarshy. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Nour Naffi Marketing Manager - Classifieds Middle East at Rocket Internet SE August 27, 2015, Satyam worked with Nour but at different companies As a keynote speaker/chairman for TMC conferences, I have had many opportunities to interact and work with Nour since early 2015. She is an extremely proficient and effective marketing leader. She made sure that the conference is a great success, and speakers and attendees have gained benefits from each other and have a rewarding conference experience. In my career, I have seen many marketing and event managers, Nour will be in top 1 percentile. Govinda Giri Founder @Sagoon Inc October 12, 2012, Satyam worked with Govinda but at different companies I have known Govinda for over 3 years now. He is a tenacious and intelligent person, who is staying with his dream to build Sagoon. He is one of those entrepreneurs, with whom it is pleasure to work and interact. I wish him all the success. View 10 more recommendations View 10 more recommendations recommendations Interests Qatar Big Data & Analytics Workshops 2015 101 members Science & Technology Media Network 5,663 members LaBine & Associates 627 followers Georgetown University School of Medicine 17,810 followers Predictive Model Markup Language (PMML) for Data Science & Machine Learning 6,218 members George Mason University 155,704 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yuting has a account Yuting Jia Principal Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft Queen's University San Diego, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent * Analytic Scientist with real-world experience in broad areas of data mining, machine learning, predictive analytic. Adept in computing, hands-on data analysis, and statistical modeling on large data sets. Equally capable in roles of individual contributor, analytic team leader and people manager.* Expertise in Fraud Detection, Credit Risk and Healthcare Analytics* Extensive hands-on computer programming and algorithm development experience - SAS, SQL, Java, Python, Perl See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 45 endorsements for Data Mining 45 Data Mining Endorsed by Yonghui Chen and 18 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Yuting’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 43 endorsements for Machine Learning 43 Machine Learning Endorsed by ILYA LEVNER and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Yuting’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Analytics See 35 endorsements for Predictive Analytics 35 Predictive Analytics Endorsed by Larry Peranich and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Yuting’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Rangarajan Muthusamy Senior Software Engineer @ Microsoft February 11, 2017, Yuting was senior to Rangarajan but didn’t manage directly Ranga has the kind of personality and technical ability that will allow him to accomplish any job he sets his mind to. He is a pleasure to work with and is extremely technically competent. Interests Amazon 2,205,850 followers FICO® 117,249 followers Data Mining (Algorithms) 5,532 members Credit Risk Group 97,289 members Microsoft 3,687,089 followers Payment and Fraud Professionals 42,841 members See all See all following
More Actions Brandon has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Brandon Rohrer Data Scientist at Facebook Facebook Massachusetts Institute of Technology Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data science. Algorithm development. Modeling. Machine learning. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Brandon’s Activity 15,263 followers High Resolution Settlement Layer Brandon liked a comment Energy Access Program Manager Brandon commented Thanks Tully Foote, for the early look at the terrificly compact Turtlebot 3. Brandon liked A One-Step Program for Becoming a Data Scientist Brandon liked a comment ‪How Deep Neural Networks Work and How We Put Them to Work at Facebook at 9:45 #ODSC #ODSCEast no math or programming skills required.‬ Brandon replied to a comment The Economist would fit right in at #ODSC: "The world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data" Brandon shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Artificial Intelligence See 179 endorsements for Artificial Intelligence 99+ Artificial Intelligence Endorsed by Ian Fasel and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Brandon’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 306 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 25 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 242 endorsements for Algorithms 99+ Algorithms Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 30 of Brandon’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Min Qiu Senior Software Engineer at Microsoft September 21, 2016, Brandon managed Min directly Min tackled some of our toughest engineering challenges. She showed unflagging tenacity when puzzling out tricky integration problems, debugging multi-component software systems and constructing complex cloud architectures. She created systems that included enterprise-scale machine learning models, large scale data storage and querying, dashboard visualization, custom data simulation and RESTful api's for hybrid cloud and on-premise implementations. Min is excellent at what she does. Interests Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,356,672 followers KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,125 members Facebook 1,533,331 followers KDnuggets 2,685 followers David MarcusDavid Marcus is a LinkedIn Influencer Head of Messenger @ Facebook 273,300 followers Peter DiamandisPeter Diamandis is a LinkedIn Influencer CO-FOUNDER/VICE-CHAIRMAN at Human Longevity, Inc. 119,564 followers See all See all following
More Actions Derek has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Derek Kane Data Scientist - Big Data & Predictive Analytics Consultant / Independent Northwestern University Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Creative, charismatic, progress driven individual with 10 years’ experience has designed and launched analytical initiatives from the ground up. Excellent at being able to translate complex analytical concepts to C-Level executives and capable of coordinating cross functionally on day to day tasks to execute strategic vision. Skilled in automation and passionate towards utilizing cutting edge data mining techniques to translate data insights into profitable decisions throughout an organization. I am a self-starter and a natural leader who inspires and creates value wherever I go. I am actively seeking new opportunities in the western Chicago suburbs. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Derek’s Activity 1,847 followers Big news for me: I've joined West Monroe Partners, a leading business+technology consulting firm with a strong, growing Advanced Analytics practice that spans several industries. I'll be working alongside driven, experienced folks that share my passion: improving how companies operate and make decisions (and serve their customers!) with smart solutions across technology, data, and analytics. It's an opportunity I couldn't pass up. Thanks to my former colleagues at International Institute for Analytics and countless friends for their valuable perspective on this exciting move. Learn more about West Monroe Partners here: http://wmp.life/29ifUPR Derek liked I started journey with DataCamp since last September. So far, I have finished almost 40 courses. These courses facilitate my ability in data wrangling & manipulating; exploratory data analysis ; building ML model; and creating concise and informative visuals... All these topics are covered in the courses. I really appreciate the high quality courses provided by those talented instructors & DataCamp and I also really excited to apply all these amazing techniques and beautiful ideas to healthcare industry gradually! : ) Derek liked Fitting Gaussian Process Models in Python http://bit.ly/2pLw3oI #MachineLearning #DataScience Derek shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 73 endorsements for Data Analysis 73 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Derek’s colleagues at GEA Group Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Analytics See 63 endorsements for Predictive Analytics 63 Predictive Analytics Endorsed by Nethra Sambamoorthi, PhD and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Derek’s colleagues at GEA Group Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 61 endorsements for Business Intelligence 61 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Sam Lexington and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Derek’s colleagues at GEA Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Durvasula Naga Ravi Teja Big Data/NoSql/Cloud Architect June 11, 2016, Durvasula worked with Derek in the same group I have had the distinct pleasure to be able to work with Ravi on various Big Data / NoSQL / Machine Learning initiatives during the fall of 2015. The most impressive aspect of our work had nothing to do with Ravi's technical acumen (for which he has deep expertise) or his relentless positive attitude but rather Ravi's higher level understanding of the business and strategic implications of his work. For this reason, I can say without hesitation that Ravi is a rare person whom makes any organization better from the moment he walks in the door. Interests Northwestern University 190,319 followers Casino Analytics 526 members Pulse 1,535,142 followers Machine Learning Connection 46,673 members Northwestern University Alumni 46,884 members RK Management Consultants, Inc. 1,779 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bill has a account Bill Bradley Principal Data Scientist at Cambridge Mobile Telematics Cambridge Mobile Telematics Massachusetts Institute of Technology Cambridge, Massachusetts 227 227 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Algorithms See 10 endorsements for Algorithms 10 Algorithms Tom Walcott and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Simulations See 10 endorsements for Simulations 10 Simulations Endorsed by H. Emre Güven and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 8 endorsements for Matlab 8 Matlab Endorsed by Ben Vigoda and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Massachusetts Institute of Technology 337,790 followers Pulse 1,535,143 followers Harvard University 490,480 followers Mathematical Modeling 4,071 members Harvard University 597,127 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology 277,276 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mehrdad has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Mehrdad Yazdani Machine Learning and Data Scientist Open Medicine Institute University of California, San Diego San Diego, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a machine learning scientists interested in all types of data and problems. Currently I am a research scientist at the Qualcomm Institute at UC San Diego working with Larry Smarr and a Data Scientist at the Open Medicine Institute. Previously I worked with Robert Hecht-Nielsen on theoretical neuroscience and optimal control. I have also worked on developing optimization algorithms, neural networks, and music information retrieval systems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 46 endorsements for Machine Learning 46 Machine Learning Endorsed by Mulloy Morrow and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Mehrdad’s colleagues at University of California San Diego Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 40 endorsements for Matlab 40 Matlab Endorsed by Behrang Asadi and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Mehrdad’s colleagues at University of California San Diego Click and drag to reorder skills Computational Neuroscience See 27 endorsements for Computational Neuroscience 27 Computational Neuroscience Endorsed by 9 of Mehrdad’s colleagues at University of California San Diego Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Joshua Giffin Substitute Teacher at Kelly Educational Staffing December 3, 2012, Mehrdad and Joshua were students together Mr. Giffin is an outstanding scholar who pays close attention to detail in gathering facts to develop mastery in research. Interests Westfield Retail Solutions (WRS) 6,769 followers Stratovan Corporation 61 followers CONNECT 2,036 members Medical Device Engineers Network 45,003 members Zeeto.io 2,139 followers Timeline Labs 564 followers See all See all following
More Actions Douglas has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Douglas Cohen Data Scientist at Snapchat, Inc. Snapchat, Inc. University of California San Diego Venice, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Extracting value from data & making complex concepts broadly accessible.Business Optimization, Mathematical Modeling, Data Science, Systems Implementation, Problem Solving, Relationship / Database Marketing, Mergers & Acquisitions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 133 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by T. Scott Clendaniel and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Douglas’ colleagues at Facebook Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 91 endorsements for Business Intelligence 91 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Douglas’ colleagues at Maker Studios Inc Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 77 endorsements for SQL 77 SQL Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Douglas’ colleagues at Maker Studios Inc Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (13) Given (10) Sijia Shen Data Scientist at Facebook July 20, 2016, Douglas worked with Sijia in the same group Douglas is a data-driven problem solver. He knows how to extract information from massive data。 Jeff Amlin Analytics at Etsy July 1, 2016, Jeff managed Douglas directly Doug was a fantastic contributor to the team and successfully used data, insight and communication to enable better decision-making. View 11 more recommendations View 11 more recommendations recommendations Geoffrey Plitt Lead Engineer at Stardust August 26, 2014, Douglas worked with Geoffrey in different groups Geoff & I worked together building analytics tools and data pipelines which have been extensively used at Maker. In short, he was a pleasure to work with. He proved to be both a pragmatic problem solver & a skilled communicator. I can think of many times when the data team was faced with a seemingly insurmountable problem; whereupon Geoff would handily decompose the problem & reconstitute it into a generalized solution, as the very best software engineers should do. He is very passionate about the latest tools including full-stack Node development, scalable backend cloud-based systems & responsive HTML5 front-ends. At Maker he was also well known for managing & hiring much of the engineering team, and building a solid continuous integration system. I would happily work with Geoff on future projects. Amr Alshihabi Product Operations - Driver Growth March 1, 2014, Douglas worked with Amr in different groups Amr always comes to work with an unbreakable desire to succeed. His intense drive reminds me of the Apollo 13 line; “Failure is not an option.” I believe his attitude was a driving force for much of the success at BeachMint. We worked closely together in his capacity as a project manager. He had a natural gift at tying analysis & optimization to business problems. I provided him technical guidance & in short time he put it to use redefining entire business processes. He successfully introduced data-driven intelligence to several key business functions & moved the needle at critical times. I give the highest recommendation to anyone looking to work with Amr. He has not only been an impressive coworker, but remains a good friend & someone you can always count on. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Interests UCLA Anderson Center for MEMES |Management of Enterprise in Media, Entertainment & Sports| 233 members Israeli American Startup, High-tech and Technology Professionals - Los Angeles and South California 1,564 members Semantic technologies 3,109 members Hot Topic 19,093 followers Guppy Games | Guppy Media 1,116 members T. Boone PickensT. Boone Pickens is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chairman and CEO at BP Capital and TBP Investments Management 1,724,768 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yamuna has a account Yamuna Jayabalan Aspiring Data Scientist - Actively Seeking Co-op for Fall Semester - Graduate Student - Dalhousie University IBM Dalhousie University Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent To broaden my spectrum of knowledge in the field of Data Science, and develop deeper insight in the subject, which will provide me limitless chances and resources to proliferate my skills. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Yamuna’s Activity 936 followers We’re hiring! Do you have a passion for technology and want to work in a fun, fast-paced environment? View our job openings: https://lnkd.in/d-mz8VR. Yamuna liked BMO Recognizes Three of Halifax's Outstanding Women Yamuna liked New Deep Learning System Allows AI To Solve 'Catastrophic Forgetting' Problem Yamuna liked Refer a friend for any of our global roles and get €500 once they're placed! www.bigcloud.io / hi@bigcloud Yamuna liked Strategy Lessons from Bahubali ! Yamuna liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 4 endorsements for Data Science 4 Data Science Kawaljeet Singh and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data Analytics See 4 endorsements for Big Data Analytics 4 Big Data Analytics Kawaljeet Singh and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 3 endorsements for Python 3 Python Kawaljeet Singh and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (0) Kawaljeet Singh Data Specialist in IBM May 15, 2017, Kawaljeet managed Yamuna directly Yamuna is a confident and smart thinker. She is very proactive in taking up a challenging tasks and always find a smart approach to solve them.She behaves professionally and is a great team player. One can rely on her to deliver quality results at the end of the day.She joined our project as freshmen , But she had always shared innovative ways on completing tasks and was real quick in picking up things. Amol Aranke Application Architect at IBM India Pvt. Ltd March 1, 2017, Amol managed Yamuna directly Yamuna were quick learner and were able to learn and acquire the skills quickly. She was prompt in actioning the tasks that required her attention. She appeared confident compared to her peers in similar experience range. Her behaviour was professional and in line with the expectation even though she joined the project as fresher. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,425,324 followers Amazon 2,205,853 followers S.i. Systems 7,731 followers Jo Fisher Executive 5,950 followers BeachHead Incorporated 3,997 followers Daniel SoloveDaniel Solove is a LinkedIn Influencer Organizer, Privacy+Security Forum + Professor, GW Law School + CEO, TeachPrivacy 1,039,890 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vivian S. Zhang has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Vivian S. Zhang ♠ training and placing Data Scientists Yes, you can reach me at vivian.zhang@supstat.com NYC Data Science Academy State University of New York at Stony Brook Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I run NYC Data Science Academy and SupStat Analytics Inc. I am a data scientist who has many years of practical experience in data technologies and the analytics industry, after developing my expertise in statistical methodologies and software and in a variety of programming languages such as R, Python, Hadoop, Spark and etc. I am ranked as "9 Women Leading The Pack In Data Analytics" by Forbes in Aug 2016.I enjoy meeting people and enjoy sharing experience with young professionals and students. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Vivian S. Zhang’s Articles & Activity 6,897 followers Why Bootcamps are the future of continuing education Vivian S. Zhang ♠ training and placing Data Scientists on LinkedIn See all articles NYC Open Data Vivian S. Zhang liked Data Science with R: Machine Learning - NYC Data Science Academy Vivian S. Zhang shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 198 endorsements for R 99+ R Endorsed by Owen Zhang and 36 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Vivian S. Zhang’s colleagues at NYC Data Science Academy Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 154 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Owen Zhang and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Vivian S. Zhang’s colleagues at NYC Data Science Academy Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 135 endorsements for Data Analysis 99+ Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 35 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Vivian S. Zhang’s colleagues at NYC Data Science Academy Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (4) Punam Katariya Data Science | Machine Learning | R | Healthcare July 31, 2015, Punam worked with Vivian S. Zhang but at different companies NYC Data Science Bootcamp is well designed format that includes hands on experience of Data Mining/Munging/Statistical analysis using R, Python, Hadoop and Spark. I was a non-programmer but this program helped me learn all the latest data science techniques with hands on experience within 12 weeks. Gian Klobusicky Data Scientist::Python Enthusiast::Teacher July 31, 2015, Gian was a client of Vivian S. Zhang’s I took Vivian's Data Science with Python: Machine Learning course and I learned a lot. This course helped me to improve my data analysis and general Python skills. It introduced me to several new libraries and algorithms, most of which I plan to use at work.Overall, I had a very positive experience. Vivian's a great teacher; I highly recommend NYCDSA. Bernard Ong Data Scientist | Machine Learning Specialist | Application Architect May 14, 2017, Vivian S. Zhang was Bernard’s teacher Bernard is a very thoughtful, highly-trained, and stellar data scientist coming out from our 12-week full-time boot camp program. He has developed his own unique way in advancing new knowledge effectively. His delivery of data science projects and presentation skills are outstanding. His 10+ years of industry experience makes him a great communicator and charismatic leader. He is also extremely humble and have a great sense of humor. I continued to work with him after the bootcamp and invited him to be a key mentor for future bootcamp students since he is very warm-hearted to help others out in their career strategies and job hunting efforts. I am very impressed by his performance and would love to recommend him for consideration in an EVP or Chief Data Scientist role. He is great to have around as a friend, a colleague, and a true leader! David Steinmetz Machine Learning Data Engineer at Capital One October 3, 2016, Vivian S. Zhang was David’s teacher David is a very thoughtful, well-trained, stellar data scientist coming from our 12 -week full-time boot camp program. He develops his own way to review new knowledge effectively. His delivery of work and presentation skills are outstanding, maybe his two years work experience from a top consulting agency does help him a lot. I am very impressed by his overall performance and would love to recommend him for consideration as a senior or lead data scientist role. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Interests Porter Novelli 18,653 followers Simulmedia, Inc. 4,149 followers Forest Laboratories (now Allergan) 24,518 followers Sportradar US 2,247 followers Java/JEE Enthusiasts 64,343 members CSX 53,902 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yamuna has a account Yamuna Jayabalan Aspiring Data Scientist - Actively Seeking Co-op for Fall Semester - Graduate Student - Dalhousie University IBM Dalhousie University Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent To broaden my spectrum of knowledge in the field of Data Science, and develop deeper insight in the subject, which will provide me limitless chances and resources to proliferate my skills. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Yamuna’s Activity 936 followers We’re hiring! Do you have a passion for technology and want to work in a fun, fast-paced environment? View our job openings: https://lnkd.in/d-mz8VR. Yamuna liked BMO Recognizes Three of Halifax's Outstanding Women Yamuna liked New Deep Learning System Allows AI To Solve 'Catastrophic Forgetting' Problem Yamuna liked Refer a friend for any of our global roles and get €500 once they're placed! www.bigcloud.io / hi@bigcloud Yamuna liked Strategy Lessons from Bahubali ! Yamuna liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 4 endorsements for Data Science 4 Data Science Kawaljeet Singh and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data Analytics See 4 endorsements for Big Data Analytics 4 Big Data Analytics Kawaljeet Singh and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 3 endorsements for Python 3 Python Kawaljeet Singh and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (0) Kawaljeet Singh Data Specialist in IBM May 15, 2017, Kawaljeet managed Yamuna directly Yamuna is a confident and smart thinker. She is very proactive in taking up a challenging tasks and always find a smart approach to solve them.She behaves professionally and is a great team player. One can rely on her to deliver quality results at the end of the day.She joined our project as freshmen , But she had always shared innovative ways on completing tasks and was real quick in picking up things. Amol Aranke Application Architect at IBM India Pvt. Ltd March 1, 2017, Amol managed Yamuna directly Yamuna were quick learner and were able to learn and acquire the skills quickly. She was prompt in actioning the tasks that required her attention. She appeared confident compared to her peers in similar experience range. Her behaviour was professional and in line with the expectation even though she joined the project as fresher. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,356,683 followers PyxiApps Consulting 72 followers Lannick 12,021 followers Rogers for Business 18,365 followers Tata Consultancy Services 1,328,141 followers IBM Security 44,530 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anass has a account Anass Bensrhir - Senior Data Scientist Big Data Advisor | Certified Senior Data Scientist | Managing Director at Bold Data Bold Data Ecole centrale de Paris Morocco 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Anass Bensrhir is a data science executive with a passion for turning raw data into products, actionable insights, and meaningful stories.At Bold Data, Anass built & lead a team of data scientists focusing on providing big data and data science consulting services to worldwide companies and organizations.Prior to Bold Data, he was one of the early members of the Schlumberger’s Big Data team, where he led an international project responsible for real-time measurement of oil and gas production in more than 80 countries.Anass earned his Master of Science in Mathematics and Computer Science from Ecole Centrale Paris, and holds Developer and Administrator Certificates from Cloudera, Hortonworks and Mapr. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Anass’ Articles & Activity 2,558 followers 5 Reasons why your Data Science Project will Fail, and what you can Do about it. Anass Bensrhir - Senior Data Scientist on LinkedIn See 1 more article Ultra-fast OLAP Analytics with Apache Hive and Druid - Part 1 of 3 - Hortonworks Anass liked How to walk away from a dead horse Anass liked Slides from my talk yesterday at Pydata Casablanca entitled : "Deploying Machine Learning Models to Production" #pydata #scikit-learn #data-architecture Anass shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Project Management See 33 endorsements for Project Management 33 Project Management Endorsed by Sara Ezzaki and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 28 endorsements for Python 28 Python Endorsed by Lillian Pierson, P.E. and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 25 endorsements for Big Data 25 Big Data Jocyl Mavouanga and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (6) Lillian Pierson, P.E. Data Science / Big Data Trainer & Coach 📐Engineer 👩🏼‍💻3x Author @ Wiley 👩🏼‍🏫3x Instructor @ LinkedIn Learning May 7, 2014, Lillian managed Anass directly Anass is a true gem. He is a powerhouse of information. He is resourceful and very fast! He helped me during the Typhoon Yolanda deployment, when I needed to supply immediate information about populations living in the Philippines to ShelterCluster officials (who were responding on the ground). They needed to know how many people were living in each barangay and that information was not available from the Philippine government. Within 6 hours, Anass had built a scraper that took all the population data for the Philippines, and broke it down to the barangay level. It was the only resource like this in the entire digital response community (as far as I know). Anass was willing to go above and beyond the call of duty, staying up late to get bugs ironed out, etc.. He is brilliant, kind, noble, and humble. If you get the chance to hire Anass as part of your team, don't let that pass you by. José RANDRIAMAMPIONONA, OSWP, OSCP Lead InfoSec Analyst at confidential September 30, 2014, José worked with Anass in different groups Anass is the kind of a guy you want to work with when it comes to a challenging problem. He always thinks wise. He is technically very sound, a quick learner and passionate of new technologies,a true hard worker, and this is his main strength infect; I never found him giving up, no matter how much complex problem he is facing and always come up with a wonderful solution at the end. Just one of a kind. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Lillian Pierson, P.E. Data Science / Big Data Trainer & Coach 📐Engineer 👩🏼‍💻3x Author @ Wiley 👩🏼‍🏫3x Instructor @ LinkedIn Learning May 17, 2014, Anass worked with Lillian but at different companies Lillian is not only an ambitious and very good professional but also an inspiring leader. I had the opportunity to work with her on an important and ambitious data science project , she provided some great input and ideas and worked hard to get the job done. Lillian is a detail oriented and great data scientist, has no problem to work hard when necessary. Intelligent, strong and self motivated perfectionist. Lots of work and little talk - that's Lillian's way! She Loves her Work !If you are presented with the opportunity to work with her , Grab it ! anas bennani Ingénieur d'Etat chez Université Abdelmalek Essaadi November 7, 2010, Anass and anas were students together Anas est avant tout , un chèr ami , J'ai travaillé avec lui sur plusieurs Projets lors de mon cursus Ingénieur . Le travail avec Anas s'est passé dans de très bonne conditions. Je le recommande pour sa qualité, son engagement et ses compétences en Télécoms et Réseaux. Les projets avec Anas sont très intéressants et sa qualité à les gérer et à respecter son engagement est professionnelle. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Interests Real-Time Embedded Engineering 54,401 members The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,575 members Siegel+Gale 17,672 followers The World Bank 387,167 followers Adam GrantAdam Grant is a LinkedIn Influencer Author: GIVE AND TAKE, ORIGINALS, OPTION B; Wharton professor; NYT writer 1,361,115 followers Bernard MarrBernard Marr is a LinkedIn Influencer Best-Selling Author, Keynote Speaker and Leading Business and Data Expert 1,013,027 followers See all See all following
More Actions Danielle has a account Danielle Dean Senior Data Scientist Lead at Microsoft Microsoft University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Danielle Dean, PhD is a Senior Data Scientist Lead at Microsoft Corp. in the Algorithms and Data Science Group within the Cloud and Enterprise Division. She currently leads an international team of data scientists and engineers to build predictive analytics and machine learning solutions for external companies utilizing the Cortana Intelligence Suite. Before working at Microsoft, Danielle was a data scientist at Nokia, where she produced business value and insights from big data, through data mining & statistical modeling on data-driven projects that impacted a range of businesses, products and initiatives. Danielle completed her Ph.D. in quantitative psychology with a concentration in biostatistics at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 2015, where she studied the application of multi-level event history models to understand the timing and processes leading to events between dyads within social networks. She obtained her Masters in quantitative psychology in 2012, and graduated from the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 2010 with two Bachelor's Degrees, in Psychology and BDIC in Organizational Behavior & Statistical Analysis with a minor in Mathematics/Statistics.*Expert knowledge: Azure ML, R, SAS*Other statistical package experience: STATA, MPlus, SPSS, MiniTab, HLM, SUDAAN, Latent Gold, Octave*Visualization experience: R, Tableau, Gephi, Excel PivotCharts*Database technologies: SQL, HIVE, Redshift, Oracle, Teradata*Basic programming experience: Python, C++, Java / Hadoop MapReduce, HTML See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Big Data | Analytics | Strategy | Finance | Innovation 229,948 members Microsoft 3,687,095 followers UMASS BDIC - Bachelor's Degree with Individual Concentration 843 members University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 205,132 followers ETS Educational Measurement, Psychometrics and Research 16,129 members University of Massachusetts Amherst 176,543 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vivian S. Zhang has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Vivian S. Zhang ♠ training and placing Data Scientists Yes, you can reach me at vivian.zhang@supstat.com NYC Data Science Academy State University of New York at Stony Brook Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I run NYC Data Science Academy and SupStat Analytics Inc. I am a data scientist who has many years of practical experience in data technologies and the analytics industry, after developing my expertise in statistical methodologies and software and in a variety of programming languages such as R, Python, Hadoop, Spark and etc. I am ranked as "9 Women Leading The Pack In Data Analytics" by Forbes in Aug 2016.I enjoy meeting people and enjoy sharing experience with young professionals and students. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (2) Given (4) Punam Katariya Data Science | Machine Learning | R | Healthcare July 31, 2015, Punam worked with Vivian S. Zhang but at different companies NYC Data Science Bootcamp is well designed format that includes hands on experience of Data Mining/Munging/Statistical analysis using R, Python, Hadoop and Spark. I was a non-programmer but this program helped me learn all the latest data science techniques with hands on experience within 12 weeks. Gian Klobusicky Data Scientist::Python Enthusiast::Teacher July 31, 2015, Gian was a client of Vivian S. Zhang’s I took Vivian's Data Science with Python: Machine Learning course and I learned a lot. This course helped me to improve my data analysis and general Python skills. It introduced me to several new libraries and algorithms, most of which I plan to use at work.Overall, I had a very positive experience. Vivian's a great teacher; I highly recommend NYCDSA. Bernard Ong Data Scientist | Machine Learning Specialist | Application Architect May 14, 2017, Vivian S. Zhang was Bernard’s teacher Bernard is a very thoughtful, highly-trained, and stellar data scientist coming out from our 12-week full-time boot camp program. He has developed his own unique way in advancing new knowledge effectively. His delivery of data science projects and presentation skills are outstanding. His 10+ years of industry experience makes him a great communicator and charismatic leader. He is also extremely humble and have a great sense of humor. I continued to work with him after the bootcamp and invited him to be a key mentor for future bootcamp students since he is very warm-hearted to help others out in their career strategies and job hunting efforts. I am very impressed by his performance and would love to recommend him for consideration in an EVP or Chief Data Scientist role. He is great to have around as a friend, a colleague, and a true leader! David Steinmetz Machine Learning Data Engineer at Capital One October 3, 2016, Vivian S. Zhang was David’s teacher David is a very thoughtful, well-trained, stellar data scientist coming from our 12 -week full-time boot camp program. He develops his own way to review new knowledge effectively. His delivery of work and presentation skills are outstanding, maybe his two years work experience from a top consulting agency does help him a lot. I am very impressed by his overall performance and would love to recommend him for consideration as a senior or lead data scientist role. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Interests Avaya 246,257 followers SoundCloud 80,893 followers Eli Lilly and Company 429,644 followers Sportradar US 2,247 followers FAIR Health, Inc. 612 followers Maxus Global 38,844 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ian J. has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Ian J. Scott Partner | Chief Data Scientist at Deloitte Canada Deloitte Canada Harvard University Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: B2B Sales and Marketing, Analytics, Data Mining, Consulting Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 59 endorsements for Analytics 59 Analytics Endorsed by Tom Peters and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Ian J.’s colleagues at Deloitte Canada Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 43 endorsements for Business Intelligence 43 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Imad Jawadi and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ian J.’s colleagues at Deloitte Canada Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 34 endorsements for Data Mining 34 Data Mining Endorsed by Flynn Heiss and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ian J.’s colleagues at Deloitte Canada Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) David Stott Cloud Security | Product Management & Development | Symantec April 25, 2011, David reported directly to Ian J. Ian’s support for a market-centric approach to business solutions was reflected in the success of innovative, first-to-market vertical offerings that paired traditional analytics with deep domain expertise. It was a pleasure to work for Ian. Beyond his advocacy for market-driven solutions his door remained perennially open, and he worked in equal measure for his team members and the business results for which he was accountable. Jennifer Lawrence Clifford Senior Digital Marketing Manager at Syncsort April 1, 2013, Ian J. worked with Jennifer in different groups Jennifer is extremely professional and capable of successfully delivering multiple projects simultaneously. Apart from being a strong individual contributor, she is also a great team player. Phil Olivieri Customer Strategist | Value Architect | Insights Explorer | Analytics Activist | Data Transformer September 13, 2010, Phil was a client of Ian J.’s I have worked with Phil several times over the last ten years. In all of our projects Phil has been a consummate professional, bringing to bear his extensive experience in CRM in general, and analytical CRM in particular. Phil does not just talk about CRM, he drives it. I would especially recommend Phil as a change-agent to take CRM beyond contact-management via his data-driven and scientific approach. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Interests Harvard University Physics Department Alumni 780 members MASS Engines 118 followers Big Data and Analytics 330,667 members Alteryx 36,462 followers Harvard University 597,127 followers marketing - financial services 1,127 members See all See all following
More Actions Nathan has a account Nathan Roberson Data Scientist at SpaceX SpaceX Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Los Angeles, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 9 endorsements for Machine Learning 9 Machine Learning David Wu and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Pattern Recognition See 3 endorsements for Pattern Recognition 3 Pattern Recognition David Wu and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Image Processing See 4 endorsements for Image Processing 4 Image Processing David Wu and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests High Performance Computing Group 5,735 members Pulse 1,535,145 followers Virginia Tech Intellectual Properties 75 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,063,879 followers SpaceX 271,588 followers Tesla 997,151 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Daniel Tunkelang High-Class Consultant Twiggle Carnegie Mellon University Mountain View, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Helping companies improve their search, discovery, and data science.How I got here:- CS and Math at MIT, PhD in CS at CMU.- Founding employee at Endeca.- Led local search team at Google.- Director of data science / engineering at LinkedIn.- Wrote book on faceted search.Today: full-time consultant / advisor. I help companies make decisions around algorithms, architecture, product strategy, hiring, and organizational structure.I also write at:- https://medium.com/@dtunkelang- https://queryunderstanding.com/- https://www.quora.com/profile/Daniel-Tunkelang See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Daniel’s Articles & Activity 33,359 followers How could LinkedIn be disrupted? Daniel Tunkelang on LinkedIn See 83 more articles The 10 biggest announcements from Google I/O 2017 Daniel liked a comment Query tagging and scoping is a powerful technique for query understanding. Here's how you do it. Daniel shared this Looks like the buck stops just shy of the CEO. Daniel shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Karaoke See 123 endorsements for Karaoke 99+ Karaoke Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills Information Retrieval See 335 endorsements for Information Retrieval 99+ Information Retrieval Endorsed by Don Metzler and 59 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Daniel’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 185 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by DJ Patil and 55 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Daniel’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (12) Shubha Nabar Senior Director, Data Science at Salesforce Einstein May 22, 2015, Shubha reported directly to Daniel I had the privilege of working with Daniel for close to two years while at LinkedIn. He is always brimming with ideas and unique perspectives, and I would come away from every meeting with new insights and direction for the problems I was working on. But the very best thing about Daniel is that he truly cares -- about the work he does, and the people he works with. He takes his pledge of lifelong mentorship very seriously, and I fully plan to take advantage of it :) Monica Rogati Data Science Advisor May 3, 2016, Monica reported directly to Daniel If I told you somebody built a team of data scientists, then retained 100% of them for years while the data talent wars were in full swing, you’d probably say it must have been a mediocre team. Daniel’s team wasn’t -- most went on to become execs, founders and very successful data scientists, but while on Daniel’s team, they stayed. They knew he brings out the best in the people he leads, inspiring them not only to do their best work but also to develop new skills and grow into more senior roles. Daniel built and led several strong teams, and his combination of technical depth and leadership experience allows him to see both the big picture and the technical details. In addition, he has the ability, rare among senior technologists, to clearly communicate his knowledge and perspective to both technical and non-technical audiences through his writing and public speaking. But what really sets him apart is his integrity, empathy and transparency. I’m looking forward to working with Daniel again some day. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Eusden Shing Product, Growth, and Ninja March 18, 2017, Eusden worked with Daniel in the same group Eusden has the mix of technical knowledge, product sense, and drive to get things done that you want in a product manager, especially in a complex area like search. It was a pleasure to work with him at Pinterest, and I hope to work with him again. James Rubinstein Director, Global Product Testing at LexisNexis November 4, 2016, James worked with Daniel in the same group James brings data to product. He has the right mix of analytic skills and product sense to reason intuitively about product proposals and experiments while using his understanding of and respect for data to keep those intuitions honest. And he's a great human being. It was a pleasure working with him on search and discovery at Pinterest, and I highly recommend him for any role that could benefit from his highly desirable combination of skills. View 10 more recommendations View 10 more recommendations recommendations Interests Quora Top Writers 271 members SF CTO Club 50 members Xoogler 5,285 members
More Actions Alexander has a account Alexander Smith Lead Data Scientist at Limeade Limeade University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent An aspiring data science executive, I use my passion for data and machine learning to help tackle tough problems in my company. I relish in both the art and the science of my field, while actively seeking opportunities to mentor and coach others in data science.I have played parts as both the data scientist and the data engineer, and have used my experience in these areas to provide leadership on all things data to others looking for insight. I have been humbled by the opportunity to share my achievements and present my ideas to others at conferences and local tech talks in the Seattle area. In 2015, my passion for data science and machine learning helped bring me into the top 1% of all Kaggle.com worldwide machine learning competitors.I am firm believer in the power of data, and the impact it will have on our future. I want to leverage data and information to help change the world for the better.Tools:- R, Python, SQLCloud Environments:- Amazon Web Services- Microsoft AzureData Visualization:- Tableau- Power BI- ggplot2Database Technologies:- MySQL, SQL Server, PostgreSQL- Hadoop, HDFS, Spark- NoSQL- Hive, PigDevelopment Languages:- Python, Java, C#Methodologies:- Machine Learning- Natural Language Processing- Statistical Modeling- Experimental Design- Linear and Nonlinear Models- Predictive Analytics- Data Mining- Time Series- Bayesian Statistical Inference See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Alexander’s Activity 1,045 followers Look at me. Being all wise and shit. Alexander liked I’m very excited to join Advanced Analytics LLC as the ‘Big Data Practice Director’. My role is to deliver high quality advanced analytics solutions to our clients, build a high-performance team and help growing our client base and revenue pipeline. If you or anyone you know has interest in learning more about our Big Data and advanced analytics services, please message me. Thanks! Alexander liked The first fully convolutional model for sequence to sequence learning that outperforms strong RNNs #deeplearning http://goo.gl/2mGZLE Alexander liked No one has the capability we've built, fully productized and delivered at scale! We have amazing customers and partners to prove it! If you're buying last-gen marketing cloud technology with rule-based decisioning, think again - you are about to miss the AI Marketing wave! Thanks Angela Sigley-Rittgers for being a great customer and partner! Alexander liked What is Docker and why is it so darn popular? Alexander liked Exciting to share that team Harvesting has been shortlisted by IBM Watson & XPRIZE to participate in a multi year Artificial Intelligence (AI) competition between worldwide teams tackling global grand challenges. Winner gets $5 million at the end of competition! The IBM Watson AI XPRIZE is a four-year competition with annual milestone competitions in 2017 and 2018. The top three finalists will compete for the Grand Prize at TED 2020. Alexander liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Leadership See 27 endorsements for Leadership 27 Leadership Endorsed by Joan Halsey, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills R See 7 endorsements for R 7 R Mohammed Furqan and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 6 endorsements for Python 6 Python Mohammed Furqan and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Shailesh Ratadia Technical Evangelist at Microsoft February 13, 2015, Shailesh and Alexander were students together I have had the opportunity to work with Alex as part of the data science certification course. He is a true team player, very curious about trying different solutions to a problem (he came up with very creative ideas) and is very passionate about the promise of data science. He successfully led multiple projects assigned to the team and I have no doubt that his skills and enthusiasm for data science will serve him well throughout his career. Mohammed Furqan Senior Program Manager at Microsoft November 9, 2015, Mohammed worked with Alexander in the same group Furqan is a rock star. I had the pleasure to work with Furqan for a year at FlowEnergy, working together in the technology team and collaborating on several projects and initiatives. Furqan is a proven leader and a hard worker, whose attention to detail and knowledge of Agile methodology helped keep our team’s development projects on track and on time. Even in the face adversity, Furqan was able to help guide our team elegantly through obstacles and towards our objective. Beyond just working with our team, Furqan helped the company to further refine our vision and enhance our company’s offerings to customers. Furqan is a true team player and would make a great asset to any team. Shailesh Ratadia Technical Evangelist at Microsoft December 11, 2014, Alexander and Shailesh were students together As one of Shailesh's classmates at the University of Washington, I had the privilege to work with him on multiple data science projects. Shailesh is a very talented individual with a passion for his work and an appreciation for learning. His perseverance and creativity helped us tackle some tough problems together. He's a top-notch talent and I very much enjoyed collaborating with him! Interests Pulse 1,535,145 followers Thomson Reuters 1,146,952 followers Washington State University 133,458 followers Apache Spark 30,117 members Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,419 members University of Washington 379,004 followers See all See all following
More Actions Prithvi has a account Prithvi Lakshminarayanan Data Scientist Co-op @ RBC RBC Simon Fraser University Vancouver, Canada Area 394 394 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am interested in the processes and systems to extract knowledge or insights from data. I completed my undergraduate course in Information Technology by undertaking courses relevant to my area of interest like Business Statistics, Linear Algebra, Data Structure, Database Management Systems and Economics by which a foundation in the field of Computer Science and Mathematics was laid. My internship at Fifth Generation Technology India Private Limited, as a Junior Associate, during my final semester of under graduation taught me various technical skills related to the field of Software Engineering and testing software using manual and automated methods. I received a full time offer from Accenture, where I worked as a Software Engineer Analyst for 2 years. I contributed to developing “Supplier Portals” for Accenture using .NET and while following the agile methods.My eagerness to learn more in the field of Big Data to help simplify and ease the human life provided me an opportunity to study at Simon Fraser University .As of now, my passion is focused on data mining and analytics. Banking and sports are domains that interest me and one day, I would like to say that I had a part in the progress of data science. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Prithvi’s Activity 396 followers Ransomware methodology.. Detailed steps.. The cyber attack that shook the world.. Prithvi liked "The most powerful form of learning comes when we're desperate. When we have no choice but to learn." #AllThingsHR Prithvi liked How can the IoT keep first responders safer in any situation? Start with Sierra. https://lnkd.in/ePY5eFW Prithvi liked I've always wanted to get into trading but could never find the time to do so. In January, I finally decided to put my foot down to take it seriously. In February, I challenged myself and joined an options trading competition held by TMX to see how fast I would be able to learn. At the end of this 10 week competition, I'm happy to say that I placed 4th nationally against over 2,200 undergraduate and MBA students from 38 schools across Canada. Prithvi liked Quit IPL, get 3-year deals, Australia board tells 5 top cricketers - Times of India Prithvi liked What does a Data Scientist mean and advices to become one Prithvi liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements C++ See 9 endorsements for C++ 9 C++ Aakash Moghariya and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 6 endorsements for SQL 6 SQL Aakash Moghariya and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 6 endorsements for Databases 6 Databases Liam Bui and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Dinakar Muniraj C Graduate Student at New Jersey Institute of Technology October 10, 2016, Dinakar worked with Prithvi in different groups Working with Prithvi was really a wonderful and great experience. His approach in problem solving was more analytical and swift. He was able to quickly learn and work on enhancing 5 different tools which were developed by Accenture, India. I have never seen Prithvi missing the timelines while delivering the application to the clients. He was also able to gather the requirements and work accordingly. He was able to mingle well with the team and communicate what he wants from the team as well. Apart from work, He was also involved in organizing team building activities every month and an active member in the Toastmasters club at Accenture. I would highly recommend Prithvi as he would add a lot of value to your organization. Gopal Ram AWS/DevOps Solutions Architect, Agile Computing CoE, TCS ITIS Global Technology Practice October 8, 2016, Gopal managed Prithvi directly I have known Prithvi Lakshmi Narayanan during his internship at Fifth Generation Technologies India (P) Ltd. As a part of his internship, he was involved in performing functional and automation testing in one of our software projects. During this internship, Prithvi had shown keen interest and enthusiasm to learn. We found Prithvi to have strong analytical and interpersonal skills. Based on his performance in the project and out brief interactions with him during this period, He will be a valuable member in any organization. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Sandheep Kumar V B Product Innovation Intern at Creaffective GmbH October 10, 2016, Prithvi and Sandheep were students together Sandheep as a person is very lively and flooded with Information. Every time when I get to see him, He has something new to share. He motivates others in joining various clubs and motivational talk sessions. Being an active Toastmaster, his command over English is fantastic ! He is a very keen listener as well. His ability to use technology to the fullest is amazing. He pro actively volunteers in organizing events / workshops. He helps others in developing new skills and contributes a lot in that development process by sharing interesting ideas. I wish him the best for his career ! " Interests Satya NadellaSatya Nadella is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Microsoft 1,142,234 followers ESPN 342,391 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,009 followers Cognizant 1,095,304 followers Business Analytics, Big Data, and Artificial Intelligence 182,239 members Economy 15,706,578 followers See all See all following
More Actions Peter has a account Peter Tanner Director, Data Science at Capital One Capital One University of Waterloo Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Marketing and Credit Risk Analytics, Predictive Modeling, Geodemographics, Digital Analytics, Political Analytics, Sports Analytics Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Peter’s Activity 645 followers Dr. Brian Macdonald, Director of Analytics for the Florida Panthers has joined FAU MBA-Sport faculty as adjunct professor of Sports Analytics. Analytics directors from S. Florida's other professional sports teams will assist Dr. MacDonald as course facilitators. Peter liked Data Science 2017: Salaries, Demographics, & HiringTrends Peter liked Capital One Canada Introduces Free Credit Score Checks for Cardholders Peter liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Predictive Modeling See 32 endorsements for Predictive Modeling 32 Predictive Modeling Endorsed by 24 of Peter’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 28 endorsements for Data Analysis 28 Data Analysis Endorsed by Eric Walker and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 24 of Peter’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 22 endorsements for Analytics 22 Analytics Endorsed by Timothy Prescott and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Peter’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests CAPITAL ONE CONNECTIONS 9,680 members Civis Analytics 3,402 followers Data Science Central 291,504 members University of Waterloo Alumni Group 23,512 members Capital One 285,839 followers Toronto Area SAS Society 1,129 members See all See all following
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Green, PhD Director of Research and Evaluation at Tulsa Public Schools Tulsa Public Schools Indiana University Bloomington Tulsa, Oklahoma 107 107 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent As a brain scientist turned data scientist, my passion lies in crushing massive data sets into high impact insights. Few things are more gratifying than when one of my cross-validated models nearly perfectly predicts an outcome variable. Also, I utterly love creating visually compelling figures to illustrate those insights. As a researcher analyzing data for over 15 years, I have utilized machine learning and advanced statistics to identify insights buried in big data. In studying the brain, I have used a variety of advanced statistical modeling including linear mixed models and the general linear model to find insights in massive sets of brain data (typically over 50 gigabytes). I have also performed predictive analytics in the form of logistic and linear regression to predict performance when solving puzzles. Using advanced statistics; including t-tests, chi-square, and analysis of variance I have tested statistical reliability in complicated electrophysiological data to simple frequency analysis in fire station calling data. More recently, I have reduced a multidimensional data set using exploratory factor analysis to identify factors which best predict the winning college football team. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Research and Evaluation Company Name Tulsa Public Schools Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Tusla, OK As the director of research and evaluation, I incorporate data science techniques into the Tulsa Public Schools’ analytic pipeline. I also direct the research agenda by working with internal and external stakeholders in selecting the research projects the district chooses to pursue. •Using a combination of SQL, R, Stata, and Python, I am building a recommendation engine for incorporation into a dashboard that will provide real-time information when a student is most likely to drop out of school. •Coordinating with internal and external stakeholders, I am building a research program by organizing the district’s broad research questions into projects composed of clearly defined aims and structured analytic approaches. Data Scientist Company Name Green Analytics Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Tulsa Green Analytics is my data science side project. I've been using it to develop and showcase both my analytic and visualization skills. To see my full data science portfolio go visit oppositionscience.com. Media (2) This position has 2 media Subset Selection Subset Selection This media is a link Prediction with Logistic Regression Prediction with Logistic Regression This media is a link Post Doctoral Associate Company Name Laureate Institute for Brain Research Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Tulsa, Oklahoma Area My work focused on linking brain regions with mental illness in order to find better treatments. I used advance neuroimaging statistics along with data science techniques to comb through large piles of data to identify meaningful effects. In addition, I drafted manuscripts reporting on study findings and present data at neuroscience conferences. •Created production models to predict motivational level deployed in several experimental environments for use by participants. •Developed and tested a variety of machine learning algorithms to identify models that effectively characterized the relationships between behavior and massive sets of brain data.•Produced a set of advanced linear models to detect the occurrence of heart beats over time that balanced computation time with accuracy. Research Assistant Company Name Duke University Dates Employed May 2005 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area Served as a research assistant under Kevin Labar in the Cognitive Neuroscience department at Duke University. The lab focused on understanding how regions of the brain are involved in processing emotion. Also worked at the Brain Imaging and Analysis Center (BIAC). • Built an analysis pipeline to analyze brain data using general linear modeling. • Wrote a mathematical model of gaze to track eye movement as participants watched video.•Developed software to quantify affective response in time series data and developed a graphical user interface to allow users to visually inspect those responses. Education Indiana University Bloomington Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Cognitive Neuroscience Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2014 My research interest is in understanding how emotional responses like frustration can improve problem solving. To investigate this I used neuroscience methods (fMRI, EEG, EMG, and SCR) to measure brain responses when participants were frustrated and or problem solving. •Developed a graphical user interface to allow users to dynamically move through three dimensional images and interact in the environment by selecting areas of interest. •Built a temporal difference learning model to quantify participant level of surprise.•Reported data insights through authoring over five manuscripts and presented findings at neuroscience conferences. Media (2) This position has 2 media Fitting Brain Activation to the General Linear Model Fitting Brain Activation to the General Linear Model This media is an image Time Series Analysis of Electrophysiological data Time Series Analysis of Electrophysiological data This media is an image University of Nebraska at Omaha Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2003 University of Nebraska at Omaha Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 16 endorsements for Data Analysis 16 Data Analysis Jared Lorince, PhD and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Science See 13 endorsements for Science 13 Science Anastasia Wypasek and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 13 endorsements for Research 13 Research Anastasia Wypasek and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jesse Schettler Associate Software Engineer at Medtronic October 7, 2016, Steve was senior to Jesse but didn’t manage directly When you hand Jesse the aux cord you better look out because a white hot inferno of productivity will soon follow. For over a year Jesse worked under me at the Laureate Institute for Brain Research where we developed and conducted various scientific protocols. Since our lab was just starting, Jesse wore many hats to meet both hardware and software needs. In this kind of environment, Jesse really shined, showcasing an ability to quickly develop methods to waterproof our hardware while at the same time developing software necessary to synchronize all of our recording devices. Beyond his superb technical skills, Jesse is smart and courteous and always willing to give a helping a hand to help the team succeed. If given the opportunity to work with Jesse again I would jump at the chance, and it is with unyielding enthusiasm that I recommend him. Accomplishments Steve has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications The Selection and Validation of Biosensors for Studying a Novel Healthcare Environment Development and validation of an unsupervised scoring system (Autonomate) for skin conductance response analysis Hemodynamic signals of mixed messages during a social exchange. Brain mechanisms for representing what another person sees Guided saccades modulate face- and body-sensitive activation in the occipitotemporal cortex during social perception. Interests University of Nebraska at Omaha 64,313 followers University of Nebraska at Omaha 67,010 followers The Nerdery 11,218 followers Indiana University Bloomington 280,296 followers Tulsa Public Schools 5,714 followers Laureate Institute for Brain Research 2,997 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gautam has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Gautam Krishna Data Scientist at 360i 360i Georgia Institute of Technology Greater Atlanta Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Gautam is an experienced analytics professional, currently working as a Data Scientist for 360i - a leading digital marketing agency. He graduated with a Master's degree in Analytics from Georgia Tech. Career Summary: • 4+ years of professional experience in the data science/ analytics space • Multiple domain experience - including digital marketing and supply chain/logistics • Graduated from Georgia Tech with a masters degree in Analytics • Areas of expertise include: Data Mining, Statistical Modelling, Optimization and Predictive Analytics • Technically proficient in Python, R, SQL, SPSS, SAS, VBA and other MS Office tools • Strong background in database management and computer vision See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Gautam’s Activity 1,767 followers Kerala Startup Mission and Office of ICT, United Nations jointly to set up UN Technology Innovation Lab in Kerala Gautam liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name 360i Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Working on the Paid Search (SEM) & Paid Social Media (PSM) side of Digital Marketing. By integrating the concepts of statistics and machine learning algorithms on paid search/social data, the performance of the campaigns are enhanced. This data-based approach drives reach and conversions better than traditional marketing approaches, hence bringing in more revenue for the client. Analytics Intern Company Name 360i Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Responsible for developing a tool for processing and visualizing social media interactions. Currently, working on proposing and developing an approach to solve a potential paid social media campaigning issue. Graduate Student Company Name Georgia Institute of Technology Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Atlanta Area Current full time candidate: MS in Analytics at Georgia Tech (Specialization: Business Analytics) Expected graduation date: August, 2015.Areas of Expertise:- Data Mining- Statistical Modelling- Predictive Analysis- Regression Analysis- Data Visualization- Forecasting- Simulation Senior Analyst Company Name CHAINalytics Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Bangalore, India -Worked as a Senior Analyst in Fright Market Intelligence Consortium, aimed at benchmarking truckload transportation costs of North-American third party logistics (3PL) providers, using the concepts of Multivariable Linear Regression Analysis and Predictive Analysis. -Led a project that help the client companies club their routes together for logistics collaboration so as to minimize deadhead miles, thus minimizing transportation cost and carbon emissions.-Led the process automation project for Carrier cost benchmarking via SQL, aimed at making the project more robust for paving the way for future growth of the project.-Interacted with clients for requirement gathering, and data validation.-Conducted knowledge transfer sessions for new recruits and VBA Training sessions for the team. Analyst Company Name CHAINalytics Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Bangalore, India Worked as an Analyst in the Freight Markrt Intelligence Consortium team. Primary responsibilities included:-Data analysis, cleaning and validation of Transportation related data for model based bench marking.-Analyzing the regression results of the Truckload and 3PL data.-VBA Automation to minimize effort and time. Education Georgia Institute of Technology Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Analytics Grade 3.83 on 4.00 Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Toastmasters, Student Alumni Association Major: Analytics Areas of Expertise:- Data Mining- Statistical Modelling- Predictive Analysis- Regression Analysis- Data Visualization- Forecasting- Simulation College of Engineering, Trivandrum Degree Name B-Tech Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Grade 8.9 on 10.0 (Valedictorian) Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Major: Industrial EngineeringCore Courses of Study:- Operations Research- Heuristics for Decision Making- Operations Management- Supply Chain Management- System Dynamics- Simulation- Industrial SchedulingFinal Course Project: Automated Dosa Vending Machine ( based on the concepts of New Product Development and Market Research)Course Seminar: Effect of ERP on Supply Chain Management SystemsGraduated: May, 2012 Christ Nagar Higher Secondary School,Trivandrum Degree Name ISC Field Of Study High School/Secondary Diplomas and Certificates Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2008 School 5th in 12th standard board exam Volunteer Experience Mentoring new recruits Company Name Chainalytics Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 89 endorsements for Data Analysis 89 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Gautam’s colleagues at 360i Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 55 endorsements for Analytics 55 Analytics Endorsed by Srinivas Osuri and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Gautam’s colleagues at 360i Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 49 endorsements for SQL 49 SQL Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Gautam’s colleagues at 360i Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gautam has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Big Data Analytics Business Forecasting Computing for Data Analytics Data & Visual Analytics Data Mining & Statistical Learning Introduction to Analytical Methods Pricing Analytics Principles of Management Regression Analysis Simulation Gautam has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications BingAds Accredited Professional Practical Machine Learning Google Analytics Gautam has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Determining Best Household Rental Prices in Houston, TX using Zillow.com Predicting Carbon Dioxide Emissions Yelp Business Performance Dashboard Gautam has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Best Outgoing Student Gold Medal for being the valedictorian Gautam has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Malayalam Gautam has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Toastmaster's International Interests Frontier Communications 32,767 followers McKinsey & Company 1,368,400 followers NXP acquires Freescale Semiconductor 98,355 followers Deloitte 2,173,857 followers Google 4,871,288 followers Chainalytics 8,771 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gene has a account Gene Leynes Data Scientist at City of Chicago City of Chicago The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I began my analytical career as an actuarial consultant, although I think that much of that work would be called data science today. We worked with massive amounts of data to create predictions to help inform business decisions using advanced statistical techniques. We used a variety of data sources, and innovative visualization techniques.The 100 or so clients that we served represented a wide array of industries, and the projects included estimating complex business costs, pricing new business products and services, and developing budgets to accommodate uncertainty.Since that formative experience I have earned an MBA from the Booth School of Business, and worked in finance, government, and provided data science consulting to other industries. I've co-taught a course on data science for managers at DePaul University.EMAIL: gleynes at gmail See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name City of Chicago Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Chicago, IL Predictive analytics for the City of Chicago. Media (3) This position has 3 media Chicago/food-inspections-evaluation Chicago/food-inspections-evaluation This media is a link Up to code? An algorithm is helping Chicago health officials predict restaurant safety violations Up to code? An algorithm is helping Chicago health officials predict restaurant safety violations This media is a link Optimizing Food Inspections with Analytics (Channel 9) Optimizing Food Inspections with Analytics (Channel 9) This media is a link President Company Name Chicago Data Science Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Data science consulting: predictive modelling, data visualization, data strategy, team development, and product strategy. Consultant Company Name Milliman Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Greater Chicago Area • Managed model development for cloud based software platform • Collaborated with UK team to develop models for EU specific products • Created ad-hoc system to easily perform ETL functions on client legacy databases • Developed GUI to rapidly prototype models specific to individualized products • Created ad-hoc distributed computing application • Developed model technique to solve for replicating portfolios though non-linear curve fitting and machine learning techniques • Led research to identify effective hedge instruments following 2009 market volatility • Developed dynamic dashboard application to interactively solve for hedge instruments President Company Name Deckard Solutions, Inc. Dates Employed May 2008 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 8 mos Lead Front-End Developer / Client Manager Company Name Omniquant Dates Employed Jun 2007 – May 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Chicago Area Start-up company providing automated trading systems to hedge fund clients. There were four US employees, plus a small team in Malaysia. • Responsible for product development and product management for hedge fund clients • Increased company revenue 10 fold after initial product design work • Engaged hedge fund managers to develop customized automated trading systems • Managed interface design, algorithm development, system integration • Installed systems to manage from 100 million to 2.7 billion in assets • Created product specifications for off-shore development team See more positions Education The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Analytical Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Investment Management Group Chicago Consulting Club • Concentration in analytical finance• Co-founded Investment Management Group for weekend / evening students• Data analysis (neural networks, classification &amp; regression trees)• Time series analysis• Business writing• Management, and organizational structure• Applied economics DePaul University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Mathematics with Statistics Concentration Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Activities and Societies: • Dean’s List • Course 1 of the actuarial exams (calculus, probability, and statistics) Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 56 endorsements for Data Analysis 56 Data Analysis Endorsed by Sasha Gutfraind and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Gene’s colleagues at City of Chicago Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 36 endorsements for Analysis 36 Analysis Adnan Khan and 35 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 24 endorsements for Statistics 24 Statistics Endorsed by Jeffrey Ryan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Gene’s colleagues at Milliman Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Michael J. Ciepierski Global Leader of Deal Finance - HR & Financial Solutions January 13, 2012, Michael J. worked with Gene in different groups I have had the pleasure of attending DePaul University for two years with Gene, as well as working with Gene at Milliman. I have always been impressed with Gene's unique mathematical mind, as he is able to take the most complex of problems, create solutions, and explain them in a very basic, easy-to-understand manner. Gene's want to advance does not stop within the walls of his company, but outside as well, spending countless hours of his own time learning new financial programs and programming language, as well as reading up on the industry. Most of all, Gene is outstanding to work with. He will always pull his own weight, as well as pick up the slack of others. I actually recommended him back in 1999 at Milliman, and I would still recommend him in 2012. Rachel Seale Actuary at Milliman January 9, 2012, Gene worked with Rachel in the same group Gene is a great person to work with. I worked with him my first two years at Milliman. He was always patient and willing to teach me the models and business there, and he was the one we could all go to with any random computer questions. He was always willing to be the one researching and mastering new skills. He took pride in his work product. He worked well with and respected others, including those he was teaching. Gene is the kind of person you search for to be on your team; you can trust him to do things well and in a timely manner. Michael J. Ciepierski Global Leader of Deal Finance - HR & Financial Solutions July 20, 2012, Gene worked with Michael J. in different groups I have known Michael since 1998 as a fellow student, colleague, and friend, and throughout our relationship he’s proven himself to be exceptionally reliable, dedicated, and competent. He’s the kind of person that I can rely to do anything and to do it right the first time. He has a rare skill to meticulously execute plans and make it seem effortless.As students we shared many math classes, and I remember that Mike made it a game for some of us to compete for the top score on tests (based on the publicly posted distribution). Our small group was always in the top, but I know that my skill and grades improved. At the time I didn’t even realize it, but Mike helped bring out something better in me and in other classmates as well. Professionally speaking, his history of accomplishment and promotion speaks for itself. He’s proven that he’s obviously much more than just technically skilled, as demonstrated by his management and communication abilities. Laura Legernes Assistant Vice President at Grosvenor Capital Management September 16, 2008, Gene was senior to Laura but didn’t manage directly Laura has a rare blend of exceptional qualities that combine to make her an extraordinary professional. She is very intelligent and creative, but at the same never misses a detail. She thinks independently, but at the same time she's able to listen and collaborate. She will do whatever it takes to get the job done, but she still maintains perspective on work life balance. Laura is one the best people with whom I have had the pleasure to work. Accomplishments Gene has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Analytical Marketing Methods Data Mining Time Series Interests Pinball Enthusiasts 1,124 members Global Analytics Network 32,894 members Business Intelligence & Analytics Group 42,987 members Machine Learning and Data Science 60,866 members Narrative Science 4,001 followers KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,125 members See all See all following
More Actions Aida has a account Aida Rodriguez Lead Data Scientist at Financial Times Financial Times The Johns Hopkins University London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Lead Data Scientist Company Name Financial Times Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom Key responsibilities and skills:• Provide leadership to the data science team to align the team objectives and set of skills to the company goals.• Coordinate the Data Science team to turn data into high-quality information and actionable knowledge through the use of Data Science and Machine Learning algorithms.• Lead end-to-end collaboration with a wide range of stakeholders (marketing, strategy, finance, product, advertising, editorial, customer services) to solve operational and strategic challenges using statistical and analytical solutions.• Design, deploy and enhance complex statistical and machine learning algorithms to deliver strategy and insights to internal clients.• Investigate and drive the refinement of existing data sources, the collection of new data and the implementation of new analytical tools. Qualifications:• Software: R, SQL, Python (NumPy, SciKit, Pandas), Shiny, Gephi, Excel, Tableau.• Methodologies: Predictive modelling (regression, boosting, neural networks, trees, random forests, SVM), clustering, multivariate statistical testing, factor analysis, PCA, text mining (NLP), survival analysis & LTV, time series & forecasting (econometrics), social networks. Research Manager Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Key responsibilities and skills:• Perform complex data analysis and producing data-insights to identify business opportunities and drive business decisions using different techniques such as predictive modelling, clustering or hypothesis testing.• Retrieve and aggregate data from multiple sources and compiling it into digestible and actionable format.• Communicate and present results to different business, product and engineering units.• Develop a customer targeting framework to manage the integrated communications more effectively, tailor messaging according to segment behaviours and track segment movement and migration.• Develop an offering which included data management, data consultancy, campaign targeting and sizing, A/B testing and reporting for marketing campaigns.• Acquire a strong understanding of data warehousing principles and challenges presented when working with large data sets.• Mentor other analysts. Qualifications:• Software: SQL, R, GreenPlum, Power BI, Cosmos, Excel, PowerPoint, Microstrategy, Pentaho, Unica.• Methodologies: Logistic regression, Poisson regression, hierarchical & k-means clustering, trees, random forests, multivariate statistical testing, boosting, text mining, time series, Agile/Scrum. Marketing Analyst (MBA Internship) Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Munich Area, Germany Key responsibilities and skills:• Market research and market analysis. Collecting and analyzing data to find trends and opportunities for Intel products.• Generating monthly, quarterly and yearly reports. • Preparing presentations to share the results and recommendations with other functions.• Working on key strategic projects across international markets to improve the effectiveness of the sales and marketing efforts by providing insights and analysis.• Software: Cognos, Excel, PowerPoint, APrimo, Access, Visio. Software Engineer Company Name Assu2000 Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Paris Key responsibilities and skills:• Participation in the full software development lifecycle of an Internet platform, from business requirement gathering to integration and operational testing.• Writing scripts to modify and extract data from the database• Analysis of functional and system requirements and specifications.• Collaborate with different functions to ensure feasibility within technical constraints.• Design, code and test enterprise-scale Java web applications.• Software: SQL, Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Excel. Quality Engineer Company Name Parrot Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Paris Area, France See more positions Education The Johns Hopkins University Field Of Study Data Science Specialization (Coursera) Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 Regression models, Data Analysis, R programming, Machine Learning, Biostatistics, Modelling and predictive modelling. CEPADE - Universidad Politecnica de Madrid Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Supelec Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Computer systems and project management Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 6 endorsements for Data Science 6 Data Science Endorsed by Sameer Shah, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Aida’s colleagues at Financial Times Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 14 endorsements for Data Analysis 14 Data Analysis Endorsed by Sameer Shah, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Aida’s colleagues at Financial Times Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 12 endorsements for Project Management 12 Project Management Endorsed by 2 of Aida’s colleagues at Financial Times Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (3) Tom Betts Chief Data Officer at Financial Times May 2, 2017, Tom was senior to Aida but didn’t manage directly Aida changed the nature of data science at the FT. While without a doubt a brilliant data scientist, Aida brought commercial savvy and a focus on delivering value. She is a rare talent who helped bring data science to life, and ensured that our delivery led to results. I hope that I have an opportunity to work with Aida again in future. Robin Goad Head of Customer Analytics, Financial Times March 24, 2017, Robin managed Aida directly Aida is a fantastic data scientist - not only technically very skilled, but also commercially savvy. During my time working with her she delivered a number excellent projects that generated real benefits for the FT, while also managing and developing a high performing team. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Oscar López Cuesta Digital Intelligence Strategist with International Experience January 13, 2017, Oscar worked with Aida in the same group It is unusual to find profiles like Oscar's, with such a great talent on Digital Analytics and Web Analytics, which help him to lead a revolution at the The Financial Times by being the first person to establish a work collaboration with my Data Science team in order to improve the audience targeting for advertising. Through his creativity about how to use data in different ways joined with the statistical expertise of my team, we have provided together an important revenue uplift for the advertising team and we have upgraded to the next level the targeting capabilities of the FT Data Management Platform (DMP) Zeljka Stojanovic Head of Digital Analytics at Domestic & General December 21, 2015, Zeljka worked with Aida in the same group Zeljka and I worked together at Skype, in the Customer Analytics team. She was responsible for delivering analyses and insights for Skype marketing campaigns. I can confidently say that she is a highly skilled and competent professional. Her exceptional leadership skills in combination with her “can-do” attitude and her analytical skills make a great asset to any organization.Zeljka always delivers a consistently high standard of work while tackling complex problems in a rapidly changing environment.Her pleasant personality and her integrity and ethics makes her a pleasure to work with. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Aida has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications Speaker in the Nikkei Conference in Tokyo, Japan. Panelist as Data Science expert in the Text Mining Visualization workshop in the Imperial College of London. Interview given to AI Business about the impact of Artificial Intelligence in the coming years. Interview given to Gauthier Research Ltd as part of the series of publications ‘Lady Data Gurus’. Speaker in the Data Science Research conference in Edinburgh. Speaker in the Predictive Analytics Innovation Summit in London. Aida has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Spanish Aida has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Data Science and Engineering with Spark (edx) Social and Economic Networks: Models and Analysis (Stanford University) Aida has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Scrum Product Owner Interests Universidad Politecnica de Madrid 10,217 members Data Scientist Network 12,206 members Data Analyst 29,939 members Cepade Alumni 1,029 members Pulse 1,535,151 followers Business Intelligence & Analytics Group 42,987 members See all See all following
More Actions Sandeep has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Sandeep Rajput Chief Data Scientist Infosys University of Tennessee-Knoxville Bellevue, Washington 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My goal is to create world-class data science and machine learning capabilities and talent in a consulting modality at Infosys, with some focus on creating IP (via R&D) over Open Source Software. I've spent 15+ years in Predictive/scientific analytics development and management in industry, plus 5 in research. My teams have built many predictive models and other AI solutions, many of them industry-leading. I'm passionate about computing, statistics, machine learning, and about delivering true and lasting value through those channels. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Sandeep’s Activity 1,578 followers Is "Machine Learning" overtaking "Big Data"? Sandeep liked See all activity Experience AVP, Head of Data Science Company Name Infosys Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Seattle Area Creating world class data science capabilities, from training internal talent to delivering business value through judicious mix of approaches and sensibilities.Hiring data scientists in most geographies (North America, Europe and Asia), from junior to mid-career (senior, principal) levels. If you have computing and math chops, an empirical mind and a desire to work in a fast-paced and collaborative workplace, let's talk! Principal Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed 2010 – 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Redmond, WA Built models and algorithms to flag harvested or pirated Win7 license keys worldwide from large data. Modeled and identified signatures of piracy for several licensing channelsBuilt segmented statistical models to predict code signing time for large complex builds...formerly Group Product Manager (Monetization)Answered hard questions on search monetization, user, advertiser and Syndication intent; influenced a wide spectrum from marketing to development with machine learning and business savvy.Led keystone projects to unlock advertiser demand on adCenter (aka Bing Ads) by 40-60% through specific bid, keyword and campaign guidance at scale through scientific analysis of massive dataCreated demand and supply slices via data mining on Bing Ads monetization data; modeled revenue displacement and other metrics for effective use of marketing resources Senior Research Scientist Lead Company Name Fair Isaac Corporation Dates Employed 2005 – 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Greater San Diego Area ...formerly Research Manager, Research Scientist Lead etc.Built suites of models (regression, neural networks, additive models) to predict delinquency, likelihood to pay, revenue, profit, attrition, payment card and e-commerce fraud for clients in North America, Europe and Middle East; advised on optimal strategies for these outcomesDeveloped feature libraries of consumer preferences from time-series and textual information, predictive models with these features helped generate new line of revenue Applied R&D evaluating alternate predictive algorithms, feature selection methodologies and using multiple scores to optimize customer lifetime value; implemented model monitoring schemesDesigned the 2009 FICO/UCSD Data Mining Contest (304 teams from 35 countries contested)Co-founded the internal wiki on predictive modeling for training and reference; served as subject matter expert on predictive modeling process, from data summary to post-deployment activities Lead Scientist (R&D) Company Name Fair Isaac Corporation Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Developed Neural network, Scorecard, Regression models to predict delinquency, attrition and/or recovery risk for US and UK clientsConsulted to optimize store location and targeting; analyzed campaign performance; built direct marketing response/conversion models; helped optimize product offeringsAutomated predictive analytics pipelines by a factor of 10 with Perl on Unix/Linux Graduate Research Assistant Company Name University of Tennessee Dates Employed Aug 1998 – Aug 2003 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Knoxville, Tennessee Area Officially Measurement and Control Engineering Center...Developed a Matlab toolbox to track small particles in fluidized beds from videos/movies to characterize the velocity fields; compared experimental output with CFD simulationsConsulted with large chemical companies for fault diagnosis and monitoring via nonlinear time-series analysis; Developed GUI software package for nonlinear time-series analysis in Matlab; held workshops for industry attendees, created training material and manuals See more positions Education University of Tennessee-Knoxville Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2003 Activities and Societies: AIChE (Full Member); MCEC Scholar * Direct Ph.D. incl. research with Oak Ridge National Lab* Research in Chaos Theory and Nonlinear Dynamics and Control University of Tennessee-Knoxville Degree Name MS Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Phi Kappa Phi honor society Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur Degree Name BS Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Cricket Team, Dramatics Club, Adult literacy program * Minor in Environmental Science See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 91 endorsements for Data Mining 91 Data Mining Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 21 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Sandeep’s colleagues at Infosys Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 81 endorsements for Machine Learning 81 Machine Learning Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Sandeep’s colleagues at Infosys Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Analytics See 69 endorsements for Predictive Analytics 69 Predictive Analytics Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Sandeep’s colleagues at Infosys Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (7) Rick Shahbazian System Analyst at KeyBank August 25, 2012, Rick managed Sandeep directly I had the distinct pleasure of working with Sandeep from 2008-2010 at Fair, Isaac. Sandeep was a Senior Scientist in the company's Fraud Unit managing a team of analysts with the main task of supporting a wide range of clients using the FICO Fraud product ("Falcon"). Although I worked in the San Francisco Bay Area and Sandeep was located in San Diego, we interacted on a regular basis discussing topics ranging from his staff and workloads to project management issues and servicing large clients. Sandeep demonstrated excellent communication skills and time management as we often covered a laundry list of topics in the allotted time. He was always prepared with the proper material so that all information was available for review. As a manager of people, I was often impressed by Sandeep's performance. He was an excellent mentor to staff and colleagues sharing his wide ranging technical, analytical, and mathematical knowledge. He was always considered a resource for answers in these fields. Although he was well regarded for his skills in these areas, Sandeep was also a very skilled manager working effectively both upward and downward in the organization. Sandeep produced accurate and timely reports (variety of Microsoft Office tools were used) covering staff workloads that provided a clear view of the teams current and future work. This was extremely important as the ratio of fraud clients to analysts was often high and juggling priorities was occasionally required. In order to keep a high flow of work flowing smoothly, strong project management skills are essential. Sandeep understood the steps and expected timelines needed to complete work and properly organized his team and client requests to ensure his staff’s commitments and objectives were met. Obviously, he was dedicated to his work and encouraged the same goal-oriented attitude from his team. Finally, as a manager and technical expert, Sandeep believed in setting examples for his team by rolling up his sleeves and getting involved first hand in projects. Managers often just delegate work to staff and rarely work alongside colleagues to resolve issues, discover new efficiencies and tools, and produce results. Sandeep enjoyed getting his hands in the midst of work and helping his team push heavy workloads along. This not only raised morale and respect throughout the team, but also opened up opportunities to find improvements that would benefit the staff in performing their job. Although my interaction with Sandeep was relatively short, I truly enjoyed working with him during this period. He was honest on difficult issues that allowed me to have a clear picture of the challenges he and his team faced. I appreciated such candor as it often is lacking in many work environments today. I found him very easy to work with and a true professional. I heartily recommend Sandeep as a colleague and would be only too happy to work with him again. Vesselin D. Principal Data Science Manager August 8, 2012, Vesselin worked with Sandeep in different groups I worked with Sandeep for more than four years in FICO (Fair Isaac). We were on different teams but worked together on several projects at the cutting edge of performing and deploying analytics: such as encapsulating scoring mechanisms within a rule based service and building predictive models using new techniques such as Support Vector Machines (SVM).In my interactions I found Sandeep to be helpful, very knowledgeable and interested in learning more about the techniques I was applying to solve difficult business problems, some of which were new to him. On one occasion I was trying to arrive at the same final product as Sandeep earlier had, but with a very different approach. I felt he listened carefully to alternative approaches and asked clarifying questions to understand, sharing his code and business knowledge and judgment when needed. Sandeep struck an excellent balance between Research and Pragmatism and changed hats effortless when needed.Sandeep also wrote the nucleus of the internal wiki at FICO that others built on considerably. I contributed to the wiki and found it to be a useful resource across the organization that helped me do my job faster due to more knowledge-sharing and the culture of openness and innovation it fostered.Sandeep was a respected senior scientist lead/manager in the internal community. People sought him out because of his knowledge of business and data mining, both practical and theoretical, his willingness to share that and his passion for the field. He went out of his way to help others be successful and others found him easy to approach and ask for help. I really enjoyed working together with Sandeep and hope to work together with him again in the future. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Vineeth Loganathan Senior Program Manager at Microsoft August 8, 2012, Sandeep managed Vineeth directly I managed Vineeth for more than a year and found him to be one of the very best analysts I have worked with in my career. His role was to generate insights from inordinate amounts of scattered “big data” with little and sometimes contradictory documentation of schemas and dictionaries, and a very short timeframe. Vineeth managed the uncertainty excellently. He had a concise but complete status report ready at the end of the day. If something did not yet work, Vineeth knew exactly what he had tried, what his hypotheses were and what he would be trying next. Having him cover for more than the demands of his role was a great relief, as most of the work we did together was “cutting edge” and had not been attempted before. Vineeth gamely read technical material on Stochastic Processes, Reliability Engineering, Statistical Mechanics and Auction theory in his personal time and in some cases came up with original and practical ideas.Vineeth was instrumental in two turnkey projects concerning optimization of advertiser demand in paid search monetization. The first one of these projects had visibility all the way to the C-suite and its own war room for more than a month. Vineeth delivered some of the early complex work solo and then moved into a hybrid IC/manager role as the scope and visibility of the project grew drastically; in that role he reviewed the work of others for quality and accuracy. The project was a resounding success and Vineeth was a key part of that. In addition, Vineeth documented his and others code and turned them into utilities by smart parametrization. That allowed rapid syndication of the framework at scale and increased the influence of our group in the organization. He has solid knowledge of the online advertising space – from campaign management to selection, ranking, pricing and second-order effects.Vineeth is well-mannered and polite, a quick study, very capable, highly motivated and has a great attitude. I was impressed by Vineeth as he took on greater technical challenges and overcame them with his talent and drive, picking up invaluable business knowledge and judgment along the way. I would highly recommend Vineeth for an analyst role that requires data munging as well as a mind alert to the possibilities of innovation and consolidation. John Goodwin Performance Test Engineering, Test Automation, and Statistical Data Analysis April 20, 2012, Sandeep worked with John in different groups I worked with John Goodwin for more than a year at Microsoft adCenter. Though we were in different units, we collaborated and discussed on a regular basis.His knowledge of statistical and scientific analysis is very impressive and spans all three major schools of thought in Statistics: frequentist, Bayesian and information-theoretic. That’s in addition to his very rigorous training in Particle Physics. Despite a very strong grasp of the theories, he is practical and is comfortable solving problems at varying levels of depth and sophistication. The speed at which he can conceptualize and solve a problem is extraordinary. John is at his best when deep thinking is needed and the problem to attack is interdisciplinary in nature – it is there his creativity, intuition and intellect shine the brightest. He has a vast toolkit and attacks problems with remarkable flair and creativity.In our work together, John addressed two fundamental problems in online business: understanding the intent from brief search text and understanding of the inherent volatility in online business measurements. Both led to a richer and deeper understanding of these formidable questions. He wrote many blog posts expostulating his thinking and presented his findings widely. John is pleasant to work with and clearly passionate about science and business, and communicates clearly and often eloquently.I cherished working with John, not least the technical discussions that refined my own understanding of the complex issues facing paid search monetization – from relevance scoring to experimentation. John is definitely one of the smartest people I have ever known and I would recommend him strongly for a senior Statistician/Scientist role. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Sandeep has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications Mixture Model for Graphite Flake Orientation Distribution in a Used Rotor Numerical and Stochastic Analysis of Corrosion in Modular Hip Implants Stochastic Modeling of Crevice Corrosion with emphasis on Titanium alloys modular total joint arthroplasty The impact of external electrostatic fields on gas–liquid bubbling dynamics Nonlinear time series analysis of flooding in a distillation column Principal Curves and Chaos Sandeep has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization ACM Interests Big Data and Analytics 330,668 members The Honor Society of Phi Kappa Phi 22,573 members Natural Language Processing People 29,160 members American Statistical Association Professionals 7,640 members INFORMS 25,707 members Artificial Intelligence Applications 12,003 members See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Seymore Head of Business Intelligence Private Bank Investec North-West University/Noordwes-Universiteit Johannesburg Area, South Africa 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a motivated and driven individual with a passion for analytics and the impact it has on business and life. My extensive experience in this field of study enables me to solve complex problems, thereby adding value and enabling people to understand and manage the business better. My vision is to make a difference with the skills I have and create value for people by enriching their lives through the use of analytics and technology. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Daniel’s Articles & Activity 3,990 followers Big data forgot the little guy Daniel Seymore on LinkedIn See all articles Microsoft to deliver Microsoft Cloud from datacenters in Africa Daniel commented How artificial intelligence will transform IT operations and devops Daniel liked The code that took America to the moon was just published to GitHub, and it's like a 1960s time capsule Daniel liked See all activity Experience Head Of Business Intelligence Company Name Investec Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Enable and service business by providing on-time and fit-for-purpose data products to inform, assist and speed up decision-making in the organisation.Promote a client focussed culture through innovation, collaboration, consistent service delivery and enablement. Key supplier of Integrated Data and Business Analytics Enabler within Investec. Provide support structures to develop and grow people. Promote Entrepreneurial culture that stimulates extraordinary performance.Cultivate passionate and talented individuals who are empowered and committed. Senior Data Scientist Company Name CyberPro Consulting (Pty) Ltd Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Senior Data Scientists at Investec, working on democratizing analytics within the organization. Manager Performance Analytics Company Name South African Revenue Service (SARS) Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Location Pretoria Area, South Africa Developed and introduced a new reporting methodology and mechanism which integrates multiple measures within one interface to increase data utilisation and management of day-to-day activities. It also allows Management to see the impact of decisions and track the success rate of strategic priorities in a very short space of time. Recommendations for corrective actions with probability of success are also shown based on Predictive Model outputs.Debt Collection Predictive Model - Developed and implemented a collectability model for Debt Collection; the model enables debt collectors to work on debt cases with the highest probability of payment, thereby reducing the total case load and increase efficiency. The implementation of this model brought on a new era in the way the organisation utilises information and analytics to improve processes and performance.Assisted the World Bank with a Macro Economic modelling exercise regarding the effectiveness of Corporate tax incentives in the current tax system. The outcome of the study was used as input to the Davis Tax Committee on possible tax reform changes.Provide insight to Executive & Senior management on possible behavioural shifts of taxpayers and changes in submission and payment patterns, quantify future risk factors with probability of occurrence and highlight possible solutions.Developed and managed the Submission Forecast models used to track submissions of Taxpayers and Employers during both filing seasons. The Filing Season submissions and Forecasts are the official view of the filing seasons in the organisation. Provide career mentoring and shaping of BEE talent to ensure optimal fit and results for the division and organisation. Responsible for management of a team of analysts, specialist and data engineers driving the strategic direction of future projects. Manager Activity Based Costing & Product Profitability Company Name Nedbank Dates Employed Dec 2005 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa End-to-end Costing and ProfitabilityDesigned, implemented and produced the product profitability reports, which included all Capital, Funding, Revenue and cost components for each product.Established a process to ensure a central view of the Bank’s product profitability was done at Group Finance Divisional level.Transfer PricingKey role player in the Design, management and execution of the Central Transfer Pricing model to determine the Inward Transfer Pricing for all Clusters. The results were crucial in ensuring the financial statements of the bank were correctly portrayed. Statistician Company Name Dex Data Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Nov 2005 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Obtained in-depth knowledge of life and short term insurance industries specifically on pricing models and Valuation.Engaged with external clients on new business opportunities and ventures.Understanding and quantifying risk elements within business, and plan accordingly based on quantitative data, empirical and scientific evidence See more positions Education North-West University/Noordwes-Universiteit Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Financial Mathematics & Informatics Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Stanford University Degree Name Online course in Statistical Learning Field Of Study An Introduction to Statistical Learning, with Applications in R Grade 89% The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants Degree Name Certificate in Business Accounting Field Of Study Management Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 95 endorsements for Analysis 95 Analysis Daniel Tunda and 94 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 98 endorsements for Business Analysis 98 Business Analysis Endorsed by Marinda Sheahan and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 34 of Daniel’s colleagues at South African Revenue Service (SARS) Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 94 endorsements for Management 94 Management Endorsed by Pierre Matthee and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 28 of Daniel’s colleagues at South African Revenue Service (SARS) Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (0) Fumi Mafomane Analyst Programmer at FNB November 8, 2016, Fumi reported directly to Daniel Performance and good work ethic are Daniel's middle names. I've learned a lot from him and the best part about him is that he is not selfish when it comes to sharing knowledge and when you do good he'll make you shine. Throw him to the wolves and he will return leading the pack. On a professional and personal level, Daniel is an outstanding individual and I'm happy to have known and worked with him. Ronald Netshivhulana Data Scientist Organisational Perfomance Measurements at South African Revenue Service (SARS) February 15, 2015, Daniel worked with Ronald in the same group I have worked with Daniel for sometimes now at SARS and he is an astute number cruncher and a witty Individual, and a very dedicated person who takes his career very seriously. a very resourceful individual whose skills ranges from IT, Statistics and Financial Modelling.International Project : He developed a tax incentives scheme model for business as a benchmark requirement for the World Bank.SARS : He developed operational dashboard reports for organisational performance and a custodian of the SARS strategic reports which is part of the adopted standards of reporting in the organisation. I find Daniel to be one hell of a strategic thinker who combines various data techniques as well as financial modelling techniques in the organisational performance management space. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Daniel has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Data Scientist (CDS) Interests Tesla 997,215 followers Ray DalioRay Dalio is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & Chief Investment Officer at Bridgewater Associates, L.P. 267,287 followers Business Analytics, Big Data, and Artificial Intelligence 182,239 members Chartered Institute of Management Accountants - CIMA 63,436 members Stanford University 373,207 followers Predictive Analytics Network (PAN) 27,588 members See all See all following
More Actions Fei has a account Fei Li Data Scientist at Google Google University of Southern California Mountain View, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent ● Expert knowledge and hands-on experience of both quantitative and qualitative analysis, data mining, optimization and database operations, proficient in R, SQL, Hadoop, SAS, SAS Enterprise Miner, JMP, Matlab, Minitab, Stata, Dedoose, Access, Visio and Arena● Solid knowledge and sufficient analytical experience in modeling and evaluating technology and information system in healthcare● Skilled in business intelligence, resource planning and customer relationship management tools: SAP, IBM Cognos, Oracle Siebel, Agile and EnterpriseOne● Programming skills in VBA and C● Strong communication, presentation and project management skills See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Google Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Mountain View, California Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area Research Assistant Company Name University of Southern California, San Francisco Department of Aging and Adult Services Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area ● Develop a logic model to evaluate the impact of Internet on users’ lives and the effectiveness of broadband adoption programs in senior community centers. ● Design a 50-item survey and structured interview protocol, conduct focus groups to collect 500+ users’ perceptions on the program quality, short-term and long-term impacts on their lives.● Perform both quantitative and qualitative analysis tools to identify facilitators, barriers and provide recommendations. Research Assistant, USC Health System Engineering Lab Company Name University of Southern California Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Los angeles ● Develop an analytical model to evaluate Electronic Health Record (EHR) system performance, implementation process, users’ adoption, its work impact and the multi-layer path diagram indicating the complex relationships.● Design a 70-item survey instrument and conduct it by online distribution and phone interviews, reaching out to 1000+ physicians, with approximately 20% respond rate.● Transform data into actionable information using data mining and identify key success factors in system design and organizational strategy during implementation. ● Perform statistical analysis to test the model empirically in order to be used as a diagnostic and predicative tool in health IT industry. Intern, Business Analyst and Quality Engineer Company Name Spirent Communications Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Calabasas, CA ● Design SQL and report modules in Cognos and Siebel upon business demands, which transforms data into business information.● Create a real-time dashboard with decision support tools using VBA, which consolidates data from diverse sources in entire quality department and could be updated automatically; it frees up to 60 hours of staff time monthly from manual data manipulation and improve quality accuracy by 15%.● Develop detailed and summary reports, tracking key performance indicators and utilized for future strategic decision making. See more positions Education University of Southern California Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Industrial System Engineering, information system Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Tsinghua University Degree Name B.S Field Of Study Automation Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 84 endorsements for Data Mining 84 Data Mining Endorsed by Wei Guo, Ph.D. and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Fei’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 71 endorsements for Data Analysis 71 Data Analysis Endorsed by Patrick Zheng and 14 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Fei’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 67 endorsements for Matlab 67 Matlab Endorsed by Harry (Zhe) Su and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Fei’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Bob Welsh Quality Consultant September 1, 2013, Bob was a client of Fei’s Fei worked for me as a summer intern in 2013. She is very personable and detail oriented. Everyone she came into contact with wanted us to hire her full time. She solved a data collection problem that we have had for the last 3 years and wrote programs that I and others can follow in the future. She is very hard working, always a smile and a positive attitude. During her final presentation to our company Vice President, he lamented that we didn't hire her when we had the chance. She is an outstanding person and engineer and will enhance any organization. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Fei has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Data Mining Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence Decision Making Design of Experiment Discrete System Simulation Enterprise Wide Information System Linear Programming and Optimization Multivariate Statistical Analysis Performance Analysis Software Engineering Fei has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations American Society for Quality USC Branch HIMSS USC Career Center Fei has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Fei has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project USC Beyond the PhD Career Conference Interests Data Science Central 291,504 members Laszlo BockLaszlo Bock is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and co-founder of Humu. Former SVP of People Operations at Google. Author of "Work Rules!". Advisor. Dad. 658,371 followers GE Healthcare 524,102 followers McKesson 174,212 followers Big Data 5,065,046 followers IBM 3,427,432 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bogdan has a account Bogdan State Data Scientist Facebook Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a data scientist with a background in sociology. I am interested in using Internet data to decipher the basic mechanisms of human interaction. My experience includes four years working as a data scientist in Silicon Valley. I currently work on the Facebook Core Data Science team, where my contributions have ranged from developing large-scale business intelligence systems to improving the performance of ranking models. I have also recently completed a PhD in Sociology at Stanford University, where I am also pursuing a Maser's in Computer Science. When not at work, I do data science from my house in the redwoods in La Honda, California, where I live with my partner and my dog. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Menlo Park, CA - Built real-time system for understanding news semantics.- Built real-time system based on Machine Learning for ensuring media quality standards, key component of "Videos You May Like" product on Instagram, launched April 2016.- Established new topline metric for Instagram Explore.- Built system for curation and understanding of geographic polygons.- Built large-scale bootstrapping engine for understanding obtaining reliable small-area estimates of key product metrics.- Provided data science support for development of Rainbow Filter, used by more than 26m users to express support for LGBT rights in June 2015.- Consulted on social science research strategy.- Co-authored 10 patent applications.- Gained high level of expertise in Hive, Presto and Python, and in the integration of R in the Hadoop ecosystem. Developed knowledge in Django, C++, Hack, JavaScript.- 3 month Sabbatical in late 2016, working on a drone data science startup.- Current projects focused on news feed quality. Media (10) This position has 10 media Previous Next Facebook Friendships in Europe Facebook Friendships in Europe This media is a link Instagram's Neighborhood Flavors Instagram's Neighborhood Flavors This media is a link Facebook a force on gay marriage Facebook a force on gay marriage This media is a link Americans Are Coming Out On Facebook In Record Numbers And It's Fantastic Americans Are Coming Out On Facebook In Record Numbers And It's Fantastic This media is a link In the Fight for Transgender Equality, Winning Hearts and Minds Online In the Fight for Transgender Equality, Winning Hearts and Minds Online This media is a link More Americans coming out on Facebook More Americans coming out on Facebook This media is a link Americanos 'saem do armário' duas vezes mais que em 2014 Americanos 'saem do armário' duas vezes mais que em 2014 This media is a link A Huge Number Of Americans Have Come Out As LGBT On Facebook This Year A Huge Number Of Americans Have Come Out As LGBT On Facebook This Year This media is a link Data Scientist Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Improved relevance-based scoring of organizational entities. Research Assistant Company Name Stanford University - Institute for Research in the Social Sciences Dates Employed 2009 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area - Developing specialized software solutions for Big Data in the Social Sciences, using R, MySQL, and Java.- Gained extensive experience with management and processing of very large datasets.- Started Sharing Economy Research Initiative, designed to create a framework for warehousing and research of sharing economy data.- Conducting computer-mediated social exchange experiments.- Developing fail-safe software for social exchange experiments. Media (2) This position has 2 media Collaborative Chats Collaborative Chats This media is a link Event: Building Trust in the Sharing Economy Event: Building Trust in the Sharing Economy This media is a link Data Scientist Intern Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Menlo Park, CA Extracted social insights from Facebook's amazing dataset. Work on social contagion, interpersonal relationships and user behavior. Media coverage included the Atlantic Monthly, Time and the Washington Post. Media (6) This position has 6 media Previous Next Facebook breaks down the geography of a viral pro-gay-marriage campaign Facebook breaks down the geography of a viral pro-gay-marriage campaign This media is a link Facebook's Valentine's Day gift to all of us: data about our relationships Facebook's Valentine's Day gift to all of us: data about our relationships This media is a link This Facebook Study Shows When Your Relationship Will Likely End This Facebook Study Shows When Your Relationship Will Likely End This media is a link Facebook Finds Missoula, Montana to Be an Island of Gay Rights Support Facebook Finds Missoula, Montana to Be an Island of Gay Rights Support This media is a link How Did Facebook Users Respond To 'Springing Ahead' For Daylight Saving Time? How Did Facebook Users Respond To 'Springing Ahead' For Daylight Saving Time? This media is a link Facebook Data Science Team Examines Coordinated Migration Facebook Data Science Team Examines Coordinated Migration This media is a link Data Science Intern Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area - Investigated the migration of professionals using LinkedIn's high quality dataset on career histories. - Project involved the design and implementation of a Naive Bayes classification algorithm, for the inference of country-level location for positions, using multiple sources of information. - Developed expertise in writing Pig UDFs and the use of Azkaban workflow management.- Research article published at SocInfo 2014, study covered in the Washington Post.- Research cited by the Internet Association, a major trade body, in their letter to the USCIS on the US OPT program. Media (5) This position has 5 media Previous Next LinkedIn data show the US is losing out on the immigrants it covets most LinkedIn data show the US is losing out on the immigrants it covets most This media is a link U.S. Losing Its Luster as World's Top Destination for Skilled Migrants, Study Suggests U.S. Losing Its Luster as World's Top Destination for Skilled Migrants, Study Suggests This media is a link U.S. losing war for talent? Study offers new insights | Ruth Holmes | Re:locate magazine U.S. losing war for talent? Study offers new insights | Ruth Holmes | Re:locate magazine This media is a link Internet Association - Letter on OPT Program Internet Association - Letter on OPT Program This media is a document Far less skilled, educated immigrants are coming to America since 9/11 Far less skilled, educated immigrants are coming to America since 9/11 This media is a link See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2019 Currently attending as Honors Cooperative Program student. Planned concentration: Artificial Intelligence. Stanford University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Sociology Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2016 - primary concentrations: Economic Sociology, Social Psychology.- methodological concentrations: Social Network Analysis, Simulation, Experimental Methods. Santa Fe Institute Degree Name Complex Systems Summer School Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 See more education Volunteer Experience Clothes Distributor Company Name Moria Clothes Tent Dates volunteered Dec 2015 – Dec 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief I spent seven days working at the clothes tent at Moria, the main refugee camp in Lesvos, during December 2015. I helped with distributing clothes and doing line management, as well as doing warehouse restocking. Very quickly learned that technology alone has few chances of solving this crisis. House Gutter Company Name Katrina Relief Dates volunteered Mar 2006 – Mar 2006 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief Spent a Spring Break gutting houses in New Orleans. Tried to be as helpful as possible, managed not to get injured. Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 40 endorsements for R 40 R Endorsed by 19 of Bogdan’s colleagues at Stanford University Endorsed by 10 people who know R Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 37 endorsements for Statistics 37 Statistics Endorsed by Paolo Parigi and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Bogdan’s colleagues at Stanford University Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 17 endorsements for Research 17 Research Endorsed by Jennifer Hill, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Bogdan’s colleagues at Stanford University Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Bruno A. Stanford University July 30, 2016, Bogdan worked with Bruno in the same group I met Bogdan six years ago in the life transforming Complex Systems Summer School at the Santa Fe Institute, and we later became colleagues at Stanford. Since then we have been having a productive collaboration, including co-authoring a Best Extended Abstract in the ACM Websci Conference. What impresses me about Bogdan is his seemingly limitless energy, highintellectual caliber, and exceptional ability to learn new skills. He has transitioned from being a History major to being one of the most resourceful Data Scientists in Silicon Valley. I have no doubt that he is bound to have great impact in his career. Bruno A. Stanford University July 30, 2016, Bogdan and Bruno were students together Bruno is a rare combination: a deeply analytical computer scientist with an expansive curiosity about the social world. We met while attending the Complex Systems Summer School at the Santa Fe Institute in 2010. Since then we have collaborated together on multiple research projects. In working together Bruno has been a constant source of insight, skill and determination. I am convinced he is bound to make a wonderful impact on Data Science and on Silicon Valley. Accomplishments Bogdan has 19 courses 19 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Econometrics Computational Modelling in Cognitive and Social Science Demography Designing Social Research Economic Sociology Foundations of Social Psychology Interactions, Structure, Exchange Mathematical Foundations of Computing Mathematical Statistics New Models and Methods in the Social Sciences Bogdan has 11 publications 11 Expand publications section Publications Power Imbalance and Rating Systems The social ties of immigrant communities in the United States Trust and Economic Organization The Diffusion of Support in an Online Social Movement: Evidence from the Adoption of Equal-Sign Profile Pictures Disenchanting the World: The Impact of Technology on Relationships Migration of Professionals to the U.S. - Evidence from LinkedIn data Reading the Source Code of Social Ties Inferring international and internal migration patterns from Twitter data A Community of Strangers: The Dis-Embedding of Social Ties Studying inter-national mobility through IP geolocation Bogdan has 7 honors 7 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Honorable Mention Best Paper Award Shortlisted for Best Paper Award Best Extended Abstract Award Donald S. Pitkin Prize in Anthropology and Sociology Kellogg Fellowship for Graduate Study Stanford Graduate Fellowship in Science and Engineering Bogdan has 6 languages 6 Expand languages section Languages English German Italian Romanian Spanish Swedish Bogdan has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Research on TSL Education User Data Migration Research using Digital Data Research on Global Geo-Social Networks CouchSurfing Research on Trust and Exchange Bogdan has 3 patents 3 Expand patents section Patents System and Methods for Identifying and Grouping Related Content Labels Systems and Methods to Predict Hashtags for Content Items Method and System for Decomposing Social Relationships into Domains of Interaction Interests The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,575 members Google 4,871,315 followers Stanford University Graduate School of Business 137,677 followers The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) 269,637 followers Start- Up 1,326 followers Processing.org 2,889 members See all See all following
More Actions Katherine has a openLink account 3rd degree connection3rd Katherine Zhao Data Scientist II at Microsoft Microsoft University of San Francisco Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Welcome to my LinkedIn page.Data is everywhere and is changing the world. I am interested in harnessing the power of big data and using various algorithms to answer interesting questions and drive business decisions. The areas of my expertise are in Data Science, Machine Learning, Text Analytics, Statistical Analysis, and Data Mining.My professional skills include not limit to: • Develop Data-Driven products using Machine Learning algorithms. • Provide Big Data Analytics solutions for business use cases on Spark and Hadoop. • Proficient in Text Mining, Statistical Analysis and Data Mining in Python and R. • Advanced analytics and modeling skills in Python, R, and SAS. • Work with cloud computing platforms: Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services. • Proficient in Microsoft SQL Server, Apache Hive, Pivotal Greenplum Database, HAWQ, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB platforms, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), and Microsoft Excel. • Data visualization with PowerBI, Tableau, matlibplot in Python, ggplot2 and Shiny App in R, Gephi, and Graphviz. • Great knowledge about Data Architecture and Data Engineering/ETL Process. • Hands on with Linux command line. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Katherine’s Activity 678 followers Great discussion on AI with the brightest minds in Healthcare #centricitylive GE Healthcare Katherine liked Sr Staff Technical Program Manager Katherine liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist II, Machine Learning Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Cambridge, MA • Developing the chatting system capable of answering various questions within a specific domain. Implemented numerous Machine Learning algorithms in Python that match the correct answer to a given question. Experimented with different feature learning techniques, language models and language understanding services. • Built End-to-End solutions including data ingestion, real-time data streaming, feature engineering, machine learning, web services deployment and visualization using the Cortana Intelligence Suite.• Created benchmark analysis across multiple big data technologies including SparkR, sparklyr, H2O and Microsoft R on Spark. Performed Spark memory tuning to improve the run-time performance. • Designed and developed a rich collection of product examples to enable new customers to jump started with Microsoft Advanced Analytics products. Data Scientist, Machine Learning Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Cambridge, MA • Leverage multiple components of Cortana Intelligence Suite and Microsoft R Server to solve Machine Learning use cases in various domains. Media (2) This position has 2 media Cortana Intelligence Suite Cortana Intelligence Suite This media is a link Microsoft R Server Microsoft R Server This media is a link Data Analyst - Data Science Company Name GE Digital Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location San Ramon, CA • Providing End-to-End Machine Learning solutions to various GE businesses.• Leveraging techniques including Machine Learning, Statistical Model and Data Visualization to discover valuable insights and solve data-driven business problems. • Understanding and defining analytics requirements for various use cases.• Leading modeling effort and on-time delivering expected predictive analytics outcomes using R/Python/SQL.• Involving in Big Data architecture discussion for analytics. Media (1) This position has 1 media What is Industrial Internet? What is Industrial Internet? This media is a link Business Intelligence Analyst (Intern) Company Name SurveyMonkey Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Palo Alto, CA • Predicted customer conversion probabilities using a Logistic Regression model in R.• Recommended marketing campaigns for customer segments based on the probability of conversion.• Created a new metric to track and analyze customer churn over various subscription types using SQL to increase customer retention. Invented a new visualization of churn trends within various time periods using MS SQL Server Reporting Services.• Analyzed the impact of raising prices on customer acquisition and churn in various markets using SQL.• Aggregated customer profile and survey response data in a large-scale dataset (20,000,000+ users) with SQL.• Parsed JSON data and inserted it into MS SQL Server tables using a Python script.• Collaborated with product and engineering teams on new business initiatives and bug resolutions. Internal Auditor Company Name The University of Akron Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Akron, OH • Detected fraudulent transactions by tracking expenditures from University Activities Fund.• Improved student recruitment by analyzing educational and financial data of 13 public universities in Ohio. See more positions Education University of San Francisco Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Volunteer Experience Co-Founder Company Name Women in Software and Analytics Meetup Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 11 mos Cause Science and Technology http://www.meetup.com/GE-Women-in-Software-and-Analytics/ Event Hosting Staff Company Name Girls Who Code Dates volunteered Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Volunteer duration 3 mos Cause Education • Responsibilities: in charge of logistics of a field trip, organizing mentorship during the 8-week program at GE Software, hosting the open house and graduation events. Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 56 endorsements for Python 56 Python Endorsed by Trevor Stephens and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Katherine’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills R See 46 endorsements for R 46 R Endorsed by Trevor Stephens and 14 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Katherine’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills MySQL See 35 endorsements for MySQL 35 MySQL Endorsed by Flávio Mariano A P Carvalho and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Katherine’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Vikram Lakshmipathy Sr Manager, Data & Analytics March 31, 2016, Katherine reported directly to Vikram It is rare that you come across a manager like Vikram Lakshmipathy. Vikram has been very supportive the entire time when I worked with him at GE Digital and has always been the “go to person” whenever I looked for guidance in my career. He not only supported the growth of my technical skills, but also helped with my long term career development. As a manager, beyond just giving projects to his employee, Vikram helped me understand the bigger pictures of them from a higher angle too so that I understand how my work would impact on the business. This truly made me think more from different perspectives to develop better products for the company. I highly recommend Vikram as a manager as I know that he will never let anyone down. Accomplishments Katherine has 20 courses 20 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Mathmetics Application of Analytics Data Acquisition Data and Information Visualization Distributed Computing Distributed Databases Economics Exploratory Data Analysis Linear Algebra Linear Regression Analysis Katherine has 14 projects 14 Expand projects section Projects Road Failure Cause Recommendation Flight Delays Prediction with Microsoft R Server Retail Customer Churn Template using Microsoft R Server/HDInsight/Spark Sample Experiments for Cortana Analaytics Gallery Sentiment Analysis of 2016 Presidential Election with Twitter Data Locomotive Failure Prediction Application Master DB Project Sourcing Big Data Project Unstructured Image Data Extraction Customer Review Categorization Katherine has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Empower and Inspire Others Award Recognition Award Graduate Assistantship and Tuition Waiver First Class Scholarship Katherine has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Certificate of Completion for Event Planner Course SAS Certified Advanced Programmer for SAS 9 SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9 Katherine has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Katherine has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Scalable Data Analytics Using R: Single Machines to Hadoop Spark Clusters Interests The University of Akron 105,671 followers University of San Francisco 81,352 followers Microsoft Azure Architects 1,207 members Women in Machine Learning and Data Science 675 members University of San Francisco's MS in Analytics Program 133 members Microsoft 3,687,146 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amit has a account Amit Misra Data Scientist II at Microsoft Microsoft University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 206 206 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent •Solves problems innovatively and creatively when necessary, always looking for a new challenge. •A self-directed team member with initiative who is able to see a project through from start to finish•Persistent, methodical, and detail-oriented hard-worker with a drive to succeed. •Strong written and verbal communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences. •Excellent mathematical and analytical abilities.Technical skills: Python, R, SQL, Octave/Matlab, Network databases See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data and Applied Scientist II Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Data and Applied Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Bellevue, WA I work on a variety of different data science projects that typically fall into 3 broad categories:Machine Learning:•Predicting customer churn•Demographic prediction (specifically gender) using engagement data•Poisson regression to aid in understanding drivers of key metricsExperimentation and Quasi-Experimentation:•Helped in designing and evaluating A/B controlled experiments•Causal inference analysis in the absence of A/B experiments, typically by using time series analysis (Seasonal ARIMA models with covariates or Bayesian Structural Time Series modeling)Data:•Worked with datasets on the order of petabytes on a Map-Reduce like distributed file system using a SQL-like language•Worked with a variety of data from across Microsoft, including search, Windows, Azure, Office, and sales Research Scientist Company Name University of Washington Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Biology Department Implemented a metric to measure interdisciplinarity in journal citation networks. Tested metric, applied it to a 10,000-node network database and compared results over time spans of more than a decade. Presented results in an oral seminar to an interdisciplinary audience and in a research paper to be submitted.•Analyzed 10,000-node network database•Applied advanced graph visualization programs•Applied statistical tests to determine accuracy of metric Graduate Student Company Name University of Washington Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 9 mos PhD Student in the Astronomy department working with Vikki Meadows in the Virtual Planetary Laboratory. Developed models for simulating exoplanet spectra and validated models against solar system observations. Made predictions for observational features that could be detectable with future ground and space-based telescopes.•Led a team of 3 Ph.D. students on a self-initiated research project*Developed, tested and documented 1,000-line Monte Carlo multiple scattering module to model exoplanet spectra*Created and maintained a 14,000 object database of model predictions*Validated model against existing Earth observation data to within 6%*Cleaned and processed 5.7 Gb of Earth observing data as model inputs*Developed new method to classify exoplanet atmospheres that improved on previous methods by a factor of 4*Discovered new techniques to characterize exoplanet clouds, volcanism and pressure and demonstrated their applicability to current and future telescopes Webmaster Company Name University of Washington, Department of Astronomy Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Seattle Area •Maintained departmental website•Basic HTML, CSS and PHP programming See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Astronomy and Astrobiology Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2014 University of Washington Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Astronomy Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Case Western Reserve University Degree Name B.S. Physics w/ Math Concentration Field Of Study Physics, Mathematics, Astronomy Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Studied Physics with a concentration in Mathematics Volunteer Experience Pastoral Care Company Name Seattle Children's Dates volunteered Oct 2011 – Oct 2011 Volunteer duration 1 mo I visit families in the hospital as part of a church organization, primarily to support them in any way possible during their stay. Featured Skills & Endorsements Physics See 7 endorsements for Physics 7 Physics Alexander Fry, PhD and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 6 endorsements for Research 6 Research Alexander Fry, PhD and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 6 endorsements for Data Analysis 6 Data Analysis Alexander Fry, PhD and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Amit has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Machine Learning R Programming Amit has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications The Effects of Refraction on Transit Transmission Spectroscopy: Application to Earth-like Exoplanets Using dimers to measure biosignatures and atmospheric pressure for terrestrial exoplanets Interests Lockheed Martin 520,484 followers Computational Astronomy & Astrophysics 13,199 members Pulse 1,535,154 followers Test2 University2 40,693 followers Data Analysts for Social Good 2,942 members Leadership & Management 24,847,682 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kirk has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Kirk Borne Principal Data Scientist and Executive Advisor at Booz Allen Hamilton Booz Allen Hamilton California Institute of Technology Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Scientist. Consultant. Astrophysicist, Space Scientist.Big Data & Data Science advisor, researcher, consultant, blogger, advocate, public speaker. 2016: #1 Big Data, #2 Machine Learning, #13 IOT influencer worldwide;2015: #2 Big Data, Data Mining, Data Science influencer: http://www.kdnuggets.com/2015/08/rightrelevance-topics-influencers-big-data-science-data-mining.html/32014: IBM Big Data & Analytics Hero: http://ibm.co/1dAAVyL2013: #1 Big Data influencer on Twitter: http://www.onalytica.com/blog/posts/onalytica-big-data-influencers-q4-13 and http://www.onalytica.com/blog/post/2013/07/31/Big-Data-and-Influencers.aspx2014: #2 in Top Data Mining Influencers: http://www.bigdata-madesimple.com/top-influencers-in-data-mining-to-follow/2014: Top 33 Most Noted Data Scientists on Twitter: http://www.bigdata-madesimple.com/33-most-noted-data-scientists-on-twitter/2014: #14 Top Big Data Executives and Experts to Follow on Twitter: http://ceoworld.biz/ceo/2014/04/06/top-big-data-executives-and-experts-to-follow-on-twitter-99209833 (Feb. 2014) #27 in "Top 50 Big Data and Customer Experience - Top Influencers" http://www.onalytica.com/blog/posts/big-data-and-customer-experience-top-100-influencers**co-creator of the field of Astroinformatics: see http://www.springerlink.com/content/007642412771162j/ and http://arxiv.org/abs/0909.3892Data Scientist -- Transdisciplinary data science research, applications, and consulting across a variety of fields -- transcending traditional discipline boundaries.Specialties: Data Science, Data Mining, Data Analytics, Big Data, X-Informatics (Discovery Informatics, Science Informatics, and more), Scientific databases, Scientific data mining, Computational-X (Computational Science, and more), Astroinformatics** (Data Science for Astronomy), Observational Astronomy (ground-based and space-based), Computational Astrophysics, Higher Education, Science Education and Public Outreach, Project Management, Proposal-writing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Kirk’s Articles & Activity 12,584 followers Data Science For Good - For All Kirk Borne on LinkedIn See 12 more articles onalytica on Twitter Kirk liked a comment Looking for #influencers to follow and learn from, see Onalytica top 100 that includes Bill Schmarzo, Kirk Borne, and Ronald van Loon Kirk commented Lars’ photo Kirk liked See all activity Experience Principal Data Scientist and Executive Advisor Company Name Booz Allen Hamilton Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Annapolis Junction, MD I get great pleasure in finding solutions through data. The scientist in me loves to explore data (evidence), find new discoveries, develop a hypothesis to explain it, and then test those theories. As the Principal Data Scientist at Booz Allen Hamilton, I am privileged to exercise that Data Scientist role across numerous internal and external projects: human resources, organizational change, training and mentoring, marketing, customer engagement, behavior analytics, risk mitigation, novelty discovery (including fraud detection, anomaly detection, surprise discovery), thought leadership, socialization of data science across organizations and industries, data technologies (including machine learning, data management innovations, graph analytics), predictive and prescriptive analytics, geospatial-temporal modeling, and much more. I engage with clients in the federal sector, within numerous commercial industries, and with nonprofit organizations. And I enjoy mentoring, working with, and learning from some of the best and brightest young data scientists in the business.Read more here: "A Growth Hacker's Journey - my mini-history of Data Science"https://www.mapr.com/blog/growth-hackers-journey-right-place-right-time Media (1) This position has 1 media Booz Allen Hamilton Expands Data Science Team, Hires Industry Expert Kirk Borne Booz Allen Hamilton Expands Data Science Team, Hires Industry Expert Kirk Borne This media is a link Advisory Board Member Company Name SYNTASA™ Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Herndon, VA Kirk Borne is the first member of SYNTASA’s Advisory Board. Dr. Borne’s extensive experience in big data and data science, including expertise in scientific data mining and data systems, will help guide SYNTASA in providing focused Marketing Analytic solutions. SYNTASA will leverage the Advisory Board to grow expertise in marketing analytics, data science, predictive modeling, and management of big data sets. The Board will help steer the company on its path in creating big data analytic solutions using open source technology.http://syntasa.com/president-and-ceo-jay-marwaha-appoints-kirk-d-borne-ph-d-as-first-syntasa-advisory-board-member/ Executive Committee Member Company Name Astroinformatics and Astrostatistics International Organizations Dates Employed 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Contributing to the international and national efforts to promote astrostatistics and astroinformatics as robust research disciplines: organizing international research conferences on astrostatistics and astroinformatics, and contributed to the creation of three new international and national organizations:(1) Vice President, International Astrostatistics and Astroinformatics (IAA) professional society.(2) Senior Steering Committee member, AAS (American Astronomical Society) Working Group on Astroinformatics and Astrostatistics.(3) Organizing Committee member, IAU (International Astronomical Union) Working Group in Astrostatistics and Astroinformatics.In addition... (for 2014-2015):(4) Secretary, SIAM SIAG/DMA (SIAM Activity Group on Data Mining & Analytics). Vice President / Astronomer / Data Scientist Company Name ARIES Scientific Dates Employed 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs Location http://www.aries-scientific.org/ ARIES Scientific Inc. is a non-profit 501(c)(3) corporation, dedicated to the advancement of Science Research and STEM Education.Kirk Borne has advised and consulted with numerous federal agencies and private companies in data science areas, including data mining and large-scale data management. Professor of Astrophysics and Computational Science Company Name George Mason University Dates Employed 2003 – May 2015 Employment Duration 12 yrs Conduct Research, Teach Courses, Advise Students (undergraduate, graduate) in these areas: Astroinformatics, Data Science, Computational Astrophysics, Astronomy, Computational Science, Data Mining, Informatics, Scientific Databases.Co-creator of Data Science BS degree program.For over 30 years, Kirk Borne has studied the dynamics and evolution of galaxies within the context of colliding and merging galaxies, groups and clusters of galaxies, starbursting galaxies, active galaxies, and the mass assembly history of large and small scale structure in the Universe. Since 2000, he has developed & applied data mining & data science techniques on large astronomy data collections & sky survey databases, earth science remote sensing data collections, and more. He is investigating new and existing algorithms for the discovery of patterns, correlations, associations, and outliers (surprises) within highly dimensional astrophysical parameter spaces. These techniques are being used in several research areas, including: galaxy scaling relations, parameterization of the dynamics and evolution of galaxies and groups of galaxies, characterization and classification of time-varying astronomical events and targets of opportunity, and novelty detection within massive datasets. As part of this research, he is working with citizen science results from the Galaxy Zoo and Galaxy Merger Zoo projects. He is investigating research connections with other data-intensive disciplines, to explore opportunities for advancing research in a broad context, through the investigation and application of data science methods (informatics and statistics) in a manner that transcends discipline boundaries.He is one of the originators of the field of Astroinformatics, which is data science for astronomy research and education. He is working with education researchers to develop new pedagogies for science learning that engage students through active experiences using Big Data in the classroom. See more positions Education California Institute of Technology Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Astronomy Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1981 National Science Foundation (NSF) Graduate Fellow Louisiana State University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1972 – 1975 Activities and Societies: Society of Physics Students, President; Sigma Xi outstanding student of science; Keen-Morris Prize outstanding student of physics; Coates Scholarship for Physics; Honor Societies: Phi Kappa Phi (national scholastic), Sigma Pi Sigma (physics), Pi Mu Epsilon (math) Summa Cum Laude (4.00 GPA)University Medal for Highest Academic Honors Bellevue High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 755 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 71 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Kirk’s colleagues at Booz Allen Hamilton Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 681 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Abhishek Thakur and 36 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Kirk’s colleagues at Booz Allen Hamilton Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 644 endorsements for Statistics 99+ Statistics Endorsed by Thomas Wiecki and 67 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Kirk’s colleagues at Booz Allen Hamilton Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (14) George Chiesa FRSA I make your stakeholders understand complexity, simply! Polymath with Sprezzatura, Speaker, Coach, Journalist, Author. March 15, 2017, George was a client of Kirk’s I had the privilege to atttend a presentation by professor Kirk B., at the #BDW17 in London. It's a rare - and very satisfying experience - to be able to converse, before and after the presentation, with such a knowledgable and kind person. It's not just that "he obviously know his stuff"; remarkable also are the human quality of his delivery, his great humour, his friendly contact with the audience, and even publishing the slides... even before they were requested. Proactive and beyond! Jennifer Matosziuk Director of Recruitment and Branding August 21, 2015, Kirk worked with Jennifer in the same group I was fortunate to work with Dr. Borne as he considered and ultimately made a move to Booz Allen. His love for data science and his commitment to the art of data science was obvious within 30 seconds of talking to him. He is one of the world's most recognized and well-respected data scientists yet is the most humble rock star you will ever meet! He truly believes in growing the future generation (I mean he created the first ever data science collegiate program in the states) and continues to do so with Booz Allen. Within his first week at the firm, he had made a tremendous impact on our clients, internal staff and potential hires. He is an incredible recruiting asset and is willing to help in any way (how cool must it be to be interviewed by the guy who put data mining on the map!) Not only is he an amazing and legendary data scientist, he is also one of the nicest people I have ever met. I feel lucky to have worked with Kirk and am honored to call him my friend. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Charles Givre Data Scientist, Speaker, Instructor August 28, 2016, Kirk worked with Charles in different groups Charles is one of those rare individuals who can blend multi-language programming skills with machine learning (Data Science) algorithmic knowledge and with business sense, to deliver awesome products, ideas, training and services to clients as well as to his fellow employees and to the broader community (in conferences and training workshops). His contributions are invaluable and show amazing prowess in many areas. He is also a super collaborative team member who works well with others to produce even better outcomes. What more can you ask of anyone? (That was a rhetorical question, but I cannot think of anything to add to Charles' depth and breadth of skills and talents.) Pragyansmita Nayak, Ph.D., CSM Principal Research Engineer (Apogee Research), StartingBloc Fellow, Featured Reviewer (ACM Computing Reviews) July 25, 2016, Kirk was Pragyansmita’s teacher Dr. Pragyansmita Nayak was my PhD doctoral student at George Mason University. It was a great pleasure to work with her for several years, especially our frequent lively and instructive discussions covering a wide variety of research and science topics. She was a very quick learner of new topics, including data science, machine learning, and astrophysics! Her dissertation was a clever and important contribution to both machine learning research as well as astrophysics. That was quite amazing for someone who hasn't studied astrophysics formally. Her already strong programming skills provided a strong foundation for her innovative work with Bayesian Networks, which proved the depth and quality of her understanding and insights into this important set of algorithms that have a great future of applications in our data-rich world. She has won awards for her machine learning work at various events. Dr. Nayak is also a strong leader, mentor, and trainer. I am certain that her contributions will continue to be far-reaching, and her value to any organization will be quite strong, innovative, and effective. View 12 more recommendations View 12 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Kirk has 16 honors 16 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards #4 Martech (Marketing Technology) worldwide influencer #16 Data Security worldwide influencer #26 Digital Transformation worldwide influencer #42 Blockchain worldwide influencer #72 Digital Marketing worldwide influencer Fellow of the International Astrostatistics Association #2 Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence worldwide influencer #1 Top Big Data worldwide influencer #13 IOT Internet of Things worldwide influencer #1 Data Analytics Thought Leader on Twitter Kirk has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications The Field Guide to Data Science 2nd edition See CITED PAPERS here See MANY MORE PAPERS here Practical data mining and machine learning for optics applications: introduction to the feature issue PADMINI: A PEER-TO-PEER DISTRIBUTED ASTRONOMY DATA MINING SYSTEM AND A CASE STUDY Astroinformatics: Data-oriented Astronomy Research and Dducation Interests George Mason University 155,703 followers Big Data 5,065,052 followers Certified Analytic / Data Science Professionals 2,430 members Jules PolonetskyJules Polonetsky is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO, Future of Privacy Forum 242,587 followers George Mason University 150,398 followers The Data and Analytics Network 6,266 members See all See all following
More Actions Haftan has a account Haftan Eckholdt Modeling, Simulation, and Decision Science Plated Columbia University in the City of New York Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A creative team builder attracted to complex, data intensive challenges with more than twenty years of modeling and simulation experience. Highlights Experience Chief Data Science Officer Company Name Plated Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location New York Create and manage an interdisciplinary team in their perfection of this customer equation of deliciousness: FOOD + data engineering + data analytics + data modeling = JOY Senior Vice President of Data Science Company Name Audible, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Jersey City, New Jersey Create and manage an interdisciplinary team of researchers and their practice to identify, acculturate, build, implement, operationalize, and maintain predictive models to facilitate the acquisition of books and customers providing the most beautiful customer journey for businesses in more than six countries. Senior Director in Science Company Name AIG Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Driving transformation at AIG through the application of new technologies and advances in science including data mining and predictive analytics. econometrician Company Name Tri-State Modeling Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Design equity models.Develop novel techniques for producing buy / sell signals.Prepare diligence materials on portfolio development, decomposition, execution, risk, and reconciliation. econometrician Company Name Van Der Moolen Specialists Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 4 mos Designed algorithms to meet compliance obligations for 400 NYSE clients. Used SIAC archives to isolate novel techniques for signal searching.Prepared all diligence materials for internal review groups. See more positions Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name MS Field Of Study Biostatistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Cornell University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Developmental Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 dissertation title: "Ecological prediction of HIV sex risk behaviors among African American and Latino adolescents in an aids epicenter" Cornell University Degree Name MA Field Of Study Developmental Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1990 thesis title: "Age differences in voice memory" See more education Volunteer Experience advisor Company Name Association to Benefit Children Dates volunteered Jun 2011 – Present Volunteer duration 6 yrs Cause Children Advise board members on finanical matters Trustee Company Name Park Slope United Methodist Church Dates volunteered Aug 2003 – Sep 2010 Volunteer duration 7 yrs 2 mos Cause Civil Rights and Social Action Oversea fiscal and fiduciary matters for a one hundred year old church and parsonage in Park Slope, Brooklyn. Featured Skills & Endorsements SAS See 30 endorsements for SAS 30 SAS Endorsed by Jingang Miao and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Haftan’s colleagues at AIG Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 29 endorsements for Data Mining 29 Data Mining Endorsed by Jason T Kratsa and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Haftan’s colleagues at Audible, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Prediction See 5 endorsements for Prediction 5 Prediction Endorsed by 2 of Haftan’s colleagues at AIG Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Haftan has 14 publications 14 Expand publications section Publications 30+ peer reviewed coauthored publications and conference talks Execution / capacity report of classic signal based trading system R&D report of classic signal based trading system Sector decomposition report of classic signal based trading system Report on agent-based equity trading system Financial COWS: using SAS to manage parallel clusters for simulating financial markets. Real Neural Networking: using SAS to build and deliver behavior-genetic-nervous spatial and functional maps of biological systems. Risk Management: using SAS to model portfolio drawdown, recovery, and Value at Risk. Lost in Space: recovering unmeasured dimensions in spatial studies. SAS cluster disk management: using SAS to manage virtual disks on a cluster of file servers Haftan has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Spanish Swedish Interests Gilman School Alumni Network 1,127 members Cornell University 265,746 followers Columbia University in the City of New York 283,714 followers Big Data 5,065,052 followers Plated 5,295 followers Van der Moolen - alumni 137 members See all See all following
More Actions Saheli has a account Saheli Datta Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft University of California, Santa Cruz Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Bayesian hierarchical modeling, Multivariate analysis, Mixed-effect models, Kernel based regression models, Semiparametric regression models, Biostatistics, Statistical genetics Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Post Doctoral Research Fellow Company Name Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Viral protein sequences - method development for testing the effect ofprotein sequences with applications in HIV vaccine dataT cell response to M.tuberculosis glycolipid - collaboration with scientistsat University of Washington and FHCRC to investigate M.tuberculosis glycolipid-specific T-cell responses by way of the CD1B pathway Graduate Student Researcher/Teaching Assistant Company Name UC Santa Cruz Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Developed parametric and nonparametric Bayesian hierarchical regression models to assess the selective influence of amino acid properties on molecular evolutionHeaded discussion sections and weekly computer labs, held office hours, managed TAs and graders, taught substitute classes for various undergraduate and graduate statistics courses Teaching Assistant Company Name University of Connecticut Dates Employed 2004 – 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs Headed discussion sections and held office hours for introductory undergraduate statistics courses Software Engineer Company Name Infosys Dates Employed Nov 2003 – Jul 2004 Employment Duration 9 mos Worked on a project to build accounting software for DHL See more positions Education University of California, Santa Cruz Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Statistics & Stochastic Modeling Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 The University of Connecticut Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur Degree Name M.Sc Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 38 endorsements for Statistics 38 Statistics Endorsed by Marian Farah and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Saheli’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Bayesian statistics See 29 endorsements for Bayesian statistics 29 Bayesian statistics Endorsed by Marian Farah and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Saheli’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills R See 24 endorsements for R 24 R Endorsed by Elijah Gaioni, PhD and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Saheli’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Devyani Patodia Principal Statistical Programmer at inVentiv Health Clinical December 17, 2011, Saheli and Devyani were students together Devyani is one of the most lively people I know. She was outgoing, friendly, always helpful and yet always focused on her work. She'll be a strong addition wherever she goes. Accomplishments Saheli has 6 courses 6 Expand courses section Courses Bayesian Nonparametrics Bayesian Statistics Generalized Linear Models Spatial Statistics Stochastic Processes Time Series Analysis Saheli has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications Maternal HIV-1 envelope-specific antibody responses and reduced risk of perinatal transmission Kernel-based logistic regression model for protein sequence without vectorialization Bayesian factor models in characterizing molecular adaptation Bayesian semiparametric regression models to characterize molecular evolution Characterizing molecular adaptation: a hierarchical approach to assess the selective influence of amino acid properties Saheli has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Machine Learning Saheli has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Statistical Association Interests Presidency College 10,154 followers University of Connecticut 141,363 followers Pulse 1,535,155 followers Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur 42,803 followers R Programming 33,742 members Google 4,871,320 followers See all See all following
More Actions Leah has a account Leah McGuire Data Scientist and Engineer Salesforce UC San Francisco San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Principal Member of Technical Staff, Einstein Company Name Salesforce Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Lead Member of Technical Staff, Einstein Company Name Salesforce Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Media (1) This position has 1 media The Lego Model for Machine Learning Pipelines The Lego Model for Machine Learning Pipelines This media is a link Senior Member of Technical Staff Company Name Salesforce Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Media (1) This position has 1 media BDSBTB 2015: Leah McGuire, Un-collaborative Filtering: Recommendations when Users Aren't Helping BDSBTB 2015: Leah McGuire, Un-collaborative Filtering: Recommendations when Users Aren't Helping This media is a video Senior Data Scientist and Engineer Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Using data to build products• Created data processing workflows and models for user-entered data standardization (company and job title), made results accessible with REST API• Built infrastructure and content for rapid prototyping platform for data products• Automated evaluation/cleaning of results and gold creation for crowdsourcing projects• Implemented personalized mobile navigation for phone and iPad (http://engineering.linkedin.com/mobile/linkedin-mobile-introducing-personalized-navigation)• Conducted numerous studies on user behavior: iPad user analysis and clustering, mobile-only behavior impact analysis, evaluation of the value of new member actions, etc.• Work with massive data on a daily basis (Apache Pig, Apache Crunch, Java, Teradata SQL)• Carry out projects involving offline data analysis, test evaluation, machine learning, model building, and/or production infrastructure every quarter (Python, R, Java) Fellow Company Name Insight Data Science Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 2 mos Created a tool that Kiva could use to predict defaults on microloans.• Cleaned and made a database of loan data, applied decision tree and random forest models to predict loan outcome (MySQL, R, Python) • Deployed tool as a web application showing probability of default (AWS, Python, JavaScript) See more positions Education UC San Francisco Degree Name Ph.D Field Of Study Neuroscience UC Santa Barbara Degree Name BA Field Of Study Biology Minor in Mathematics Volunteer Experience Mentor Company Name Girls Who Code Dates volunteered Nov 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 7 mos Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 33 endorsements for Machine Learning 33 Machine Learning Endorsed by Shubha Nabar and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Leah’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 21 endorsements for Data Analysis 21 Data Analysis Endorsed by Angela Tran Kingyens and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Leah’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills R See 20 endorsements for R 20 R Endorsed by W. Bryan Smith and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Leah’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Leah has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications Short Time-Scale Sensory Coding in S1 during Discrimination of Whisker Vibrotactile Sequences Heterogeneous representations in the superior parietal lobule are common across reaches to visual and proprioceptive targets. Sensory transformations and the use of multiple reference frames for reach planning. Visual-Shift Adaptation Is Composed of Separable Sensory and Task-Dependent Effects Protein trafficking and anchoring complexes revealed by proteomic analysis of inward rectifier potassium channel (Kir2.x)-associated proteins. A multiprotein trafficking complex composed of SAP97, CASK, Veli, and Mint1 is associated with inward rectifier Kir2 potassium channels. Leah has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards College of Creative Studies Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship Harriman Pharmacology Award (Undergraduate Research Fellowship) Highest Honors National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship Ruth L. Kirschstein National Research Service Award Leah has 3 patents 3 Expand patents section Patents Likelihood-Based Personalized Navigation System And Method CRM Account to Company Mapping Providing a Personalized Navigation Experience in a Mobile Application Interests LinkedIn 2,127,758 followers Editor's Picks 3,897,316 followers Best Advice 6,720,188 followers Friends of the Neurofederation 337 members Pulse 1,535,155 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,854,173 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jacob has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Jacob Spoelstra Director of Data Science, Technical Evangelist Group at Microsoft Microsoft University of Southern California Redmond, Washington 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Fraud; Neural Networks; Machine Learning; Analytics Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Jacob’s Articles 1,812 followers Help wanted! Jacob Spoelstra on LinkedIn Publish dateMarch 15, 2017 See all articles Experience Director of Data Science, DX Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Redmond, WA Building up a crack Data Science team that engages with Microsoft's partners and business customers to help solve interesting machine learning problems. Director of Data Science, Azure Machine Learning Platform Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Redmond, WA Member of leadership team for machine learning initiative, working with clients and partners to develop and deploy advanced analytic models on the Azure cloud. Global Head of R&D Company Name Opera Solutions Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Created and grew a global R&D team that has developed a number of key products at Opera, including car pricing system; hospital revenue leakage manager; recommender technology. VP, Analytics Company Name Opera Solutions Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Led analytics for number of client engagements in financial industry (credit line assignment, bust-out fraud, credit risk), gaming industry (modeling player behavior), Automotive (remarketing), Media (scheduling, content recommenders), Entertainment (movie theater operations). Sr. Analytics Manager Company Name Opera Solutions Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Managed analytics teams for projects at Fortune 500 clients. Developed internal model training tools. Conducted training for new hires. See more positions Education University of Southern California Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1999 University of Pretoria/Universiteit van Pretoria Degree Name B.Eng, M.Eng Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1992 Activities and Societies: Kollegehuis; Radio Tuks; Huis Pan Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 190 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by Badri Raghavan and 55 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 34 of Jacob’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Analytics See 150 endorsements for Predictive Analytics 99+ Predictive Analytics Endorsed by Alex Guazzelli and 25 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 25 of Jacob’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 132 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Brandon Rohrer and 22 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 30 of Jacob’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Matthias Blume Predictive & Decision Analytics Executive August 10, 2006, Matthias worked with Jacob in different groups Jacob is one of the top analytic scientists I have had the pleasure to work with. He can rapidly solve any analytic problem. Unusually, he also writes good software -- the solution is efficient and the tools can be re-used. At HNC, he readily shared information and expertise across the organization and developed his own vision for how to improve the overall technology and product offering. Yi Wang building data driven systems July 22, 2013, Jacob managed Yi directly Yi worked for me on a project to gamify an machine learning challenge that we were working on. He impressed me with his ability to quickly stand up a professional and engaging web interface, given just a vague description of what we had in mind. Yi can work independently and gets the job done. Armando Escalante President and COO at TLO (part of TransUnion) January 15, 2013, Jacob reported directly to Armando I have had the pleasure of working with Armando for the last year. He is a strong and mature leader, with a bias for action, who’s willing to make decisions. Even keeled and always pleasant to work with, he has broad knowledge of big data technology and systems architecture plus the management experience to execute. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Global Analytics Network 32,894 members University of Southern California 355,606 followers Microsoft 3,687,151 followers University of Southern California 334,930 followers ID Analytics Alumni Group 48 members Pulse 1,535,155 followers See all See all following
More Actions Carlo has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Carlo Torniai Head of Data Science and Analytics at Pirelli Pirelli Università degli Studi di Firenze Italy 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Well-established, thought manager with a record of successful teams built in software / data / analytics domains. Accomplished Data Scientist with experience ranging across various areas of Computer Science and Machine Learning. Strong background in data modeling, data analysis and data engineering. Strong communicator with the ability to bring together technical and business profiles on challenging issues. Dual citizenship: American and Italian.Highlights:• Built the Data Science and Analytics function at Pirelli from the ground up, setting priorities for high –value and high-impact projects. Fostered a data-driven culture across all the company functions.• Build the data science team within the product excellence group at Tesla Motor where we developed and maintained data pipelines and infrastructure to aggregate and analyze sensor data from the field, providing insights to enhance the quality, reliability and the overall car user experience• Assisted with leading the Ontology Development Department by working on projects to implement data models and data ingestion pipelines for representing and analyzing biomedical resources clinical and genomic data See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Carlo’s Activity 1,909 followers Proud to announce the release of our book "Python Deep Learning". You can get a preview in the next tech talk "Anomaly Detection using Deep Auto-Encoders" organized by Data Science Milan (www.datasciencemilan.org) this Thursday 18th at Best Western Plus Hotel Le Favaglie in Cornaredo, Milan. RSVP now at https://lnkd.in/f3cys_B. Thanks to our event sponsor ThinkBig (https://lnkd.in/f5ApCPV) our local hosts Laura Thomas and Eliano Marques. Book co-authors: Valentino Zocca, Daniel Slater and Peter Roelants Carlo liked Detecting Abuse at Scale: Locality Sensitive Hashing at Uber Engineering Carlo liked Ciao a tutti! Intanto grazie ai tanti amici e colleghi che mi hanno scritto per il mio passaggio in Abarth, un brand pieno di passione e eccitante follia. L'esperienza in Alfa Romeo é stata fantastica e vorrei ringraziare tutte le persone con cui ho avuto la fortuna di lavorare: grazie! Giulia e Stelvio sono due prodotti straordinari da tutti i punti di vista, un investimento ingente e coraggioso che segna un cambio di passo impressionante che Alfa si meritava. Questo marchio é qualcosa che, così come Ducati, mi resterà addosso per sempre. Noi italiani abbiamo tutte le capacità per fare prodotti eccellenti, che fanno sognare milioni di appassionati in tutto il mondo e dobbiamo remare tutti assieme nella stessa direzione per rilanciare questo stupendo paese. #orgogliosodiessereitaliano Carlo liked See all activity Experience Head of Data Science and Analytics Company Name Pirelli Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos I am building from the ground up a Data Science group highly integrated with both technical and commercial functions. We are building infrastructures and developing tools that enable the deployment of advanced analytics solutions supporting the diverse and ever growing business needs. Staff Data Scientist Company Name Tesla Motors Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Palo Alto, CA I lead the Reliability Engineering Data Science group. I deployed the infrastructure and developed the methodologies and to discover insights in the huge amount of sensor data streaming fromTesla cars in the field with the goal to implement proactive maintenance strategies and constantly improve the design and performance of Tesla cars. Ontologist and Data Wrangler Company Name OHSU | Oregon Health & Science University Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Portland, Oregon Area • Designed and implemented the maintenance and release pipeline of cutting edge data models for clinical and biomedical data integration.• Effectively characterized research resources for classification and discovery.• Designed and implemented procedures to aggregate information from diverse sources and publish it as Linked Data.• Combined clinical terminologies, biomedical ontologies and other metadata standards to assist with data representation and analysis. Data Science fellow Company Name Zipfian Academy Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Implemented Machine Learning algorithms and conducted data analysis in Python, R, Hadoop to make sense of complex datasets. Built an application to quantify Data Scientist’s profiles using Linkedin data. Research Associate Company Name University of Southern California Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Los Angeles • Developed and deployed a knowledge management system for Chevron’s reservoir management event classification.• Explored usage of rule languages to define and identify complex events.• Mentored PhD students in their research projects. See more positions Education Università degli Studi di Firenze Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Informatics, Multimedia and Telecommunication Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 I've earned my PhD in Informatics, Multimedia and Telecommunication in March 2007 at Communication and Integration Center, MICC (University of Florence, Italy) with the thesis “Annotating, Discovering and Sharing Multimedia Resources trough the Semantic Web” Galvanize Field Of Study Data Science Bootcamp Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 Data Science , Machine Learning and Big data technology bootcamp. 12 weeks of hands on experience. Università degli Studi di Firenze Degree Name Master Field Of Study Internet Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2003 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Ontologies See 79 endorsements for Ontologies 79 Ontologies Endorsed by Ying Ding and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Carlo’s colleagues at Oregon Health and Science University Click and drag to reorder skills Semantic Web See 72 endorsements for Semantic Web 72 Semantic Web Endorsed by Tom Heath, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Carlo’s colleagues at Zipfian Academy Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 67 endorsements for Machine Learning 67 Machine Learning Endorsed by Ajith Abraham and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Carlo’s colleagues at Zipfian Academy Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (3) Anmol Garg Senior Data Scientist at Tesla April 14, 2017, Anmol reported directly to Carlo Starting a data science career is not easy. It’s even harder at a fast-moving, high-expecting company like Tesla. I had the pleasure of working directly for Carlo for my first year at Tesla and he made that time educational, valuable, and surprisingly enjoyable. Carlo was always approachable and happily willing to provide knowledge and advice from his vast experience in research, data, networking, and modeling. He encouraged me to take classes, attend conferences, trainings, etc. to ensure I was learning and able to dive into topics as I chose. Carlo is a rare data scientist who not only led a small team but also naturally served as a leader within the then-budding data science community at Tesla. He has strong communication and interpersonal skills and worked to ensure data, data analytics, and data science were being properly communicated and valued. Carlo is also an incredibly fun person to be around. You can rarely catch him without a smile on his face and he made every day coming into work a delight. Any data scientist would be lucky to have Carlo as a manager. Chris Shaffer University Librarian and Associate Professor, OHSU October 24, 2016, Chris managed Carlo directly Carlo Torniai was hired to handle the technical aspects of eagle-i ontology development at OHSU. Due to his success on that project, he was appointed to the faculty and worked with Melissa Haendel to secure grant funding for Monarch and CTSAConnect. Carlo is very intelligent, a hard worker, and was a real asset to the OHSU Library. We were very sorry to see him leave us. I recommend Carlo without reservation. He brings a positive energy to the team. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Alessandro Valli Interactive Systems Engineer & Interaction Designer September 26, 2012, Carlo was senior to Alessandro but didn’t manage directly Alessandro is a brillant and smart developer. He combine strong technical skills with visionary creativity. This is the reason why he provided and keeps providing amazing contribution to the field of natural interaction. Gianpaolo D'Amico Head of Communications at Polimoda May 11, 2007, Carlo worked with Gianpaolo in different groups Gianpaolo is a good flash programmer. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Carlo has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects CTSAConnect eagle-i Monarch Initiative Monarch Initiative VIDI-Video (EU FP6 project) Carlo has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Italian Carlo has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Better Field Reliability with Big Data Analytics List of my publication Interests Lean Agile Italy 3,653 members Spotify 266,579 followers University of Southern California 355,606 followers Faraday Future 31,517 followers Blizzard Entertainment 203,744 followers Allen Recruitment Consulting 15,639 followers See all See all following
More Actions Victor Genin has a account Victor Genin ☆ Data Scientist Data Strategy Consultant ✔ Machine Learning Expert ✔ Text/Image Analyst ✔ Artificial Intelligence Specialist✔ Freelance Data Scientist - Data Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence The Johns Hopkins University Tel Aviv Area, Israel 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I help companies in different spheres to stay ahead of their competitors by building machine learning and artificial intelligence solutions. My background includes over 10 years of development, system analysis, managing R&D teams and running a startup on top of it - I know how to get things done and I know how to do it well! The premier focus is on product strategy and time to market. Only then developing a tailored solution fitting the business most urgent needs. Independent and proactive approach is a key to finishing a successful project. Cross industry experience: health, marketing, retail, HR, advertisement, project management, insurance, FinTech and gambling.📌 SERVICES: ✔ Assessment workshop | Providing strategic AI guidance for company’s growth✔ Start-ups Technical Due Diligence | For helping Angels and VCs to make investments✔ Part-time Consultancy | For solving specific problem✔ Full-time Engagement | For getting things done!📌 AREAS OF EXPERTISE: 🔎 Data Strategy (short and long term strategy)🔎 Text Analysis (NLP)🔎 Image/Video Analysis (Computer Vision) 🔎 Pattern Recognition🔎 System architecture and CTO guidance📌 Advise for contacting Victor Please connect with a personal message unless we have met/collaborated. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Victor Genin’s Activity 4,591 followers Barry’s photo Victor Genin commented You would think that the recent well publicised, self-inflicted PR disasters by United and American Airlines would alert operators to be a little less pedantic in the way they treat their customers. Well, I learned that easyJet has a cunning way of making extra money. At Gatwick's North Terminal, they advise passengers to stay in the main departure area until they announce the gate number. It takes 12 minutes to walk quickly from departure area to their gate. 15 minutes if the moving walkway isn't working. They allow 10 minutes before they close the gate. The moving walkway wasn't moving and I was 30 seconds late. I shouted that I've got a ticket for the flight as I was running toward the gate. You would think that the girl in charge had training in customer relations by the East German Stasi. The Berlin Wall was friendlier. I could see the plane. The doors were open and people were waiting on the stairs to enter the plane and she wouldn't let me board. All this to force me to buy another ticket. Another 6 people were caught in the same trap. EasyJet? Never again. Never again. Victor Genin commented This week, I attended the opening ceremony for Hewlett Packard Enterprise's new Asia Pacific and Japan Headquarters building in Singapore, where we have been based for 46 years. It was great to celebrate this milestone with our Singapore-based employees, Hewlett-Packard Alumni, and the Chairman of the Singapore Economic Development Board, Dr. Beh Swan Gin, who helped us officially open the building. Victor Genin liked See all activity Experience Freelance Data Scientist | Machine Learning Engineer | Data Analyst | Artificial Intelligence Company Name Freelance Data Scientist - Data Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Tel Aviv, Israel | London, UK | San Francisco, USA | Sydney, Australia • Designing data analysis and visualization pipeline in insurance, accounting, investment, project management, human resources, retail and other domains.• Developing and evaluating data models for new and existing products.• Text Processing: chat-bots, sentiment analysis and text summarization• Image Processing: object identification, image to text transformation• Machine Learning: deep learning and artificial intelligence• Full stack Data Analysis: data strategy, data modelling, data mining, anomaly detection, segmentation, classification and prediction. Co-Founder and CTO - eSports Analytics Company Name FanAI Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos FanAI is an AI-driven Audience Monetization platform focusing first on eSports, and their sponsor ecosystems, increasing franchise and sponsorship revenues by making their audience data actionable. Team Lead - User Behaviour Analytics Company Name PLAYWISE Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Israel • Management the development of data analysis projects in gambling domain.• Offshore and in-house matrix management according to Agile Scrum methodology.• Players gambling habits data analytics using Machine Learning and Big Data technologies.• Building bonus distribution engine based on users' real time activity events. Media (2) This position has 2 media Users Behaviour Data Analysis Users Behaviour Data Analysis This media is an image Real Time Event Processing Analytics Real Time Event Processing Analytics This media is an image Co-Founder and CTO - System Architect and Product Manager Company Name BumbleAd Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Israel • Co-Founder of PAAS start-up providing a solution for monetizing browser extensions through advertisement.• Designing and implementing the architecture of the entire solution in all its aspects using Big Data, NLP (Natural Language Processing) and Machine Learning technologies.• Text analysis, recommendation engines, users' segmentation and ROI (return on investment) optimization algorithms. Media (2) This position has 2 media Text Analysis Text Analysis This media is an image Big Data Architecture Big Data Architecture This media is an image Senior Web Team Lead - Project and Matrix Management Company Name NGSoft Ltd. Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Israel • Offshore and outsource matrix management of concurrent projects in different life cycle stages.• Designing the architecture of solutions and integration between different parties.• Working according to Agile methodologies (Scrum and Kanban).• Data mining from different sources including data modelling and planning data strategy. Media (2) This position has 2 media First International Bank of Israel mobile app First International Bank of Israel mobile app This media is an image Musix Portal (by Pelephone mobile carrier) Musix Portal (by Pelephone mobile carrier) This media is an image See more positions Education The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name Specialization Certificate Field Of Study Data Science 🎓 (1st) Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 The Open University of Israel Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Data Mining and Machine Learning 🎓 (1st) Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 The Open University of Israel Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Computer Science 🎓 (2:1) Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 34 endorsements for Data Science 34 Data Science Naama Arad and 33 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 30 endorsements for Machine Learning 30 Machine Learning Naama Arad and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Artificial Intelligence See 30 endorsements for Artificial Intelligence 30 Artificial Intelligence Naama Arad and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (21) Given (16) Edward James Bass Co-Founder & Director at EntSight January 26, 2017, Edward James was a client of Victor Genin’s From the initial scope and requirements phase, throughout the planning, the assessment workshop we've undergone was all we could hoped for. Victor demonstrated a wide variety of expertise both in machine learning as well as system architecture. I would highly recommend to anyone looking to grow their business through data. Johannes Waldstein Founder & CEO at FanAi Inc. October 28, 2016, Johannes was a client of Victor Genin’s Victor is very smart and very efficient with his time. Excellent communication, support, great problem solving, highly professional result. Will definitely be working with Victor again. View 19 more recommendations View 19 more recommendations recommendations Ilan Gur Software Architect at Clarizen January 29, 2017, Victor Genin managed Ilan directly Ilan continuously exceeds the expectations set for his position. He willingly accepts challenging assignments and offers to contribute where ever he can. Ilan has demonstrated excellent software development and system architecture skills, which are very essential to address the constantly evolving business requirements. The best thing I noticed in him is his insatiable zeal to learn latest technical skills, technology stacks and tools and offer better solutions. Cadabra Studio Digital Agency Design & Development February 17, 2016, Victor Genin worked with Cadabra but at different companies I had a pleasure of working with Cadabra Studio on common projects in the sphere of retail and IOT. Working with lovely and very creative girls was a privilege. Not only they are amazing designers, but also have a vast knowledge in different domains with an eye for details. They are very innovative and always look for new solutions and fresh ideas, which can advance the team knowledge to exceed the client’s expectations and goals. I recommend them to any client of mine. View 14 more recommendations View 14 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Victor Genin has 17 courses 17 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Financing and Hedge at Megamot college Computer Vision at Georgia Institute of Technology Deep Learning Summer School Conference at Montreal University Deep Learning at Oxford University Deep Learning for NLP at Technische Universität Darmstadt Enterprise Search Using Apache Solr at Lucidworks Financing and Investment at Megamot college Machine Learning at Stanford University Mining Massive Datasets at Stanford University Natural Language Processing at Stanford University Victor Genin has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Hebrew Victor Genin has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications PRINCE2 Practitioner Certified ScrumMaster Victor Genin has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Clustering of social network using genetic algorithm Victor Genin has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score IELTS (International English Language Testing System) Interests Data Science, Deep Learning, and AI 10,317 members Oracle 2,119,569 followers Brian SolisBrian Solis is a LinkedIn Influencer Principal Analyst, Altimeter, a Prophet co., Author of X: The Experience When Business Meets Design, Keynote Speaker 255,191 followers Reid HoffmanReid Hoffman is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur. Product Strategist. Investor. 1,397,898 followers CMT 906 followers University of Oxford 277,158 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sanket has a account Sanket Korgaonkar Director of Engineering at EGen Solutions Egen Solutions Utah State University, Department of Computer Science Chicago, Illinois 455 455 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I love Artificial Intelligence! A love story that started since I graduated high school in Mumbai has sustained itself admirably through the chaotic years of Computer Engineering - that blossomed through my Masters Thesis and is finally now a dream job for me. Over the years this love has seen me cajole my friends to run Neural Network simulations on their home computers when electricity in India was capricious. It has seen me almost run over by a vehicle on the Utah State campus as I was collecting data with my hands frozen. It has seen me change continents and time zones and leave everyone I ever knew to build a life in the US. It is my passion! We have always talked through computer code. And now I have the skills to celebrate this passion far and wide on scales unimaginable through Hadoop and the Big Data framework! If you are an organization that is invested in Big Data and are interested in my story - please do give me a call if only to chat! I love talking about Big Data, its many new dimensions - the fast pace of technological innovation and the beauty of the diversity of problems we solve. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Sanket’s Articles & Activity 454 followers Anomaly Detection Using Multivariate Gaussian Distribution. Sanket Korgaonkar on LinkedIn See all articles Google TensorFlow, Java Api - used to classify images in real time. Kafka is used to simulate users clicking photographs and sending updates once every 15 seconds. The producer and consumer are interacting through a protocolBuffer - as each image comes in - it gets drawn in a JFrame as a BufferedImage - and the image classification is performed using deep learning - the output is shown on the screen along with a classification confidence. Sanket shared this TensorFlow for Java has arrived! Words can not describe my happiness today :D Sanket replied to a comment An apt description of my work day :) Sanket shared this See all activity Experience Director Of Engineering Company Name Egen Solutions Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Chicago, IL Data Scientist Company Name Garmin International Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Olathe, KS Responsible for analyzing user fitness and device data for Garmin Connect users to make activity predictions and/or provide timely notifications to help users meet their fitness goals. Garmin Connect deals with massive data accumulation every day and the analytics team is focused on analyzing this data in order to further device usability. Media (1) This position has 1 media Insights to Beat Yesterday Insights to Beat Yesterday This media is a video Avionics Software Engineer Company Name Garmin International Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location Olathe, KS Worked on Garmins next gen avionics suite G2000. Developed several features through 4 major software release cycles. Intimately involved through out the software development process from contributing to the System Description Document to helping answer customer problem reports. Example features include Standby Flight plan, UI Vertical Nav, Temperature Compensation, Upgrading nav utilities for Polar Navigation. Project Lead Company Name Utah State University Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 12 mos Predictive Model Software, Data MiningSuccessfully supervised development of three software projects dealing with Data Mining and Statistical Machine Learning. Successfullymanaged requirements collection, software design, resource management, predicting timelines and project schedules, infrastructure setup,testing and deployment.Developed in COLD FUSION/JAVA, SQL. Deployed on Tomcat web server. Production Support Company Name Flying J Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Intimately involved in identifying real time production issues to figure out and implement practical solutions without compromising ondesign principles. Received appreciation for fast insightful diagnosis and resolution. See more positions Education Utah State University, Department of Computer Science Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 TA for Object Oriented Programming. Graduate Assistant at Watershed Sciences. University of Mumbai Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Debate team Bachelors in Computer Engineering University of Mumbai Degree Name BE Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Bachelors in Computer Engineering See more education Volunteer Experience Vice President IEEE Fr. Agnels Vashi India Company Name Fr. Conceicao Rodrigues College of Engineering Dates volunteered Aug 2003 – Aug 2004 Volunteer duration 1 yr 1 mo Featured Skills & Endorsements Software Development See 11 endorsements for Software Development 11 Software Development Endorsed by 3 of Sanket’s colleagues at Utah State University Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 9 endorsements for Algorithms 9 Algorithms Endorsed by Vladimir Kulyukin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sanket’s colleagues at Garmin International Click and drag to reorder skills C++ See 8 endorsements for C++ 8 C++ Endorsed by Vladimir Kulyukin and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Sanket’s colleagues at Utah State University Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Scott Miller Director BLM/USU National Aquatic Monitoring Center December 15, 2009, Scott managed Sanket directly It is with great enthusiasm that I endorse the database development and management work of Sanket Korgaonkar; I have had the pleasure of supervising Sanket for over a year. Sanket is a highly motivated and dedicated individual that has played an integral part in our development team. He has impeccable organizational and communication skills, which have facilitated efficient and successful product development, in addition to personnel management. Sanket’s programming and database skills are extensive, as is his ability to recruit, train, and manage a development team. Sanket would be a true asset to any organization and he has my full endorsement. Mark Tolman IT Specialist October 5, 2009, Sanket worked with Mark in the same group Sanket did a very good job on the projects that were assigned to him. He is a hard worker, pays close attention to detail and does an excellent job with documentation. He used both Java and PL/SQL. I'm sure he will do a great job on what ever he is assigned. Vladimir Kulyukin Associate Professor of Computer Science, Researcher, Software Developer September 12, 2011, Sanket reported directly to Vladimir It is with great pleasure that I recommend Dr. Kulyukin. I took an Advanced Robotics course with him - and he was a key advisor for my Masters Thesis. He is a very gifted teacher as well as a prolific research scientist. In the classroom, his course encouraged constructive dialogue and ample discussion - this enriched the course and made it a fun and learning endeavor. During the course of my research, as an advisor, Dr. Kulyukin struck the right balance of providing enough latitude for me as a graduate student and providing timely guidance in my efforts. This crucial balance makes him one of the most admired professors for a PhD/M.S. Thesis. His work at CSATL is uplifting, altruistic and sincere in its research spirit. Over all I highly recommend Dr. Kulyuin as a productive professional and consider myself fortunate to have studied in his tutelage. Margi Dubal Manager of Data team/Data Engineer at Paperless Post August 10, 2009, Margi worked with Sanket in the same group A very hard working employee with impeccable work ethics, Margi is always diligent in understand the project requirements and delivers precisely on time. Accomplishments Sanket has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Learn with Lynda - HBase Learn with Lynda - Hadoop Learn with Lynda - Oozie Sanket has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Experiments in Machine Learning An Anomaly Detection Engine Using Gaussian Distribution Fundamentals of Coding, Algorithms and Problem Solving Sanket has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Amateur Radio License Sanket has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Hindi, Marathi Sanket has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization IEEE Sanket has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Masters Thesis Interests Indian iPhone Game Developers 1,439 members Android Developer Group 193,027 members Utah State University 82,964 followers Sift Science 2,802 followers Pulse 1,535,157 followers Utah State University Alumni Network 8,710 members See all See all following
More Actions Jeremy has a account Jeremy Werner Data Scientist at Allstate Silicon Valley Allstate UC Davis Menlo Park, California 236 236 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Jeremy is currently a Data Scientist in Silicon Valley building a fruitful career centered around data and modern analytics. Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Allstate Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Menlo Park, CA Currently working on the Agency Analytics team in Quantitative Research & Analytics, Allstate Silicon Valley. Teaching Assistant Company Name UC Davis Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Davis, CA Assisted professors with instruction of undergraduate statistics courses by delivering weekly lecturesand helping students understand statistics in creative ways. Research Ecologist Company Name United States Geological Survey Dates Employed May 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Sioux Falls, South Dakota Area Improved efficiency and quality of large scale carbon sequestration models by writing R scripts toautomate validation procedures and deliver timely results.Contributed to publications and reports using data mining and statistical analyses. Statistical Analyst Company Name SDSU GIS Center of Excellence Dates Employed Oct 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Brookings, SD Designed and executed a plan for meta-analysis of forest burn severities and treatments derived fromsatellite and ground-collected data to assist wildfire research.Developed automated scientific report generating software using R and Sweave to assist researchers. Tutor Company Name SD State Math Help Center Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Algebra - Calculus II tutoring through the SDSU Math Department. Strong communication skills acquired through working directly with clients and helping them understand mathematics in creative ways Education UC Davis Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2015 Coursework and research emphases include statistical computing and machine learning. South Dakota State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Mathematics (Minors: Computer Science, Statistics, Economics) Grade Magna Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Sigma Phi Delta Engineering Fraternity, SDSU College of Engineering Joint Engineering Council, Alpha Lambda Delta Honor Society, Pride of the Dakotas Marching Band, SDSU Drumline, SDSU Math Club Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 18 endorsements for Data Analysis 18 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeremy’s colleagues at Allstate Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 16 endorsements for Statistics 16 Statistics Endorsed by Ozan Sonmez and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeremy’s colleagues at Allstate Click and drag to reorder skills R See 11 endorsements for R 11 R Endorsed by Michael Bissell and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeremy’s colleagues at Allstate Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jeremy has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications Development of a generic auto-calibration package for regional ecological modeling and application in the Central Plains of the United States Baseline and Projected Future Carbon Storage, Carbon Sequestration, and Greenhouse-Gas Fluxes in Terrestrial Ecosystems of the Eastern United States Organic Carbon Storage in China's Urban Areas Land use and carbon dynamics in the southeastern United States from 1992 to 2050 Baseline Carbon Storage, Carbon Sequestration, and Greenhouse-Gas Fluxes in Terrestrial Ecosystems of the Western United States Projected Future Carbon Storage and Greenhouse-Gas Fluxes of Terrestrial Ecosystems in the Western United States Interests University of California, Davis 201,533 followers SDSU Predictive Analytics 168 members Google 4,871,323 followers Willmar High School Alumni 157 members Allstate 147,546 followers SDSUG (South Dakota SAS Users Group) 134 members See all See all following
More Actions Jin has a account Jin Xu Senior Data Scientist at Vulcan Inc. Vulcan Inc. Stevens Institute of Technology Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Working as a Senior Data Scientist @Vulcan Inc., with Phd in Computer Engineering (Machine learning and data mining), and 1 year postdoc experience in Wharton School for big data application in Business.• Professional expertise includes Machine Learning (deep learning) on large-scale data analysis and recommendation system (text data, social media, finance data etc.)• Specialties: data mining, cloud computing (map_reduce), natural language processing, feature selection, probability derivation, ensemble models, social and digital media analysis.• work on Spark from version 0.7 (Feb. 2013) to current version.• 15+ algorithms/publications of peer-reviewed conferences and journals in data mining, machine learning and deep learning. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Jin’s Activity 708 followers ZhuSuan ¶ Jin commented See all activity Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Vulcan Inc. Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area Use big data and machine learning to do the fantastic projects in Vulcan. Responsible for deep learning platform (tensorflow, theano, caffe) application.Our team is hiring! If you are interested and enthusiastic in Machine learning and Deep learning, please feel free to drop me a note! (JinX@vulcan.com) Media (1) This position has 1 media Vulcan Highlights | 2015 Vulcan Highlights | 2015 This media is a video Senior Data Scientist Company Name BehaviorMatrix Dates Employed Jun 2013 – May 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Blue Bell, PA - Responsible for building informative tagger with social media data. Such as conversation vs information, spam vs no spam, gender tagger, age tagger, etc. - Responsible for conduct deep learning platform to do the user profile classification, keras (theano,tensorflow) are the main tools for implementation.-Responsible for building and modifying BehaviorMatrix social media emotion platform in multiple languages using NLP tools.-Modify the Key Influencers analysis platform with graph theory and implement it in multiple Spark clusters, speeding up the running time from previous 1 week to less than 4 hours.-Build the first online author classification system with in-memory computing (Redis). Ensemble learning and active learning are used for high accuracy performance. Elasticsearch(Solr) and Nosql (couchdb) are used for querying and saving huge data. Media (2) This position has 2 media BehaviorMatrix on New York Times BehaviorMatrix on New York Times This media is a link BehaviorMatrix on CNBC BehaviorMatrix on CNBC This media is a link Postdoctoral Researcher in Operation and information management Department (Wharton school) Company Name University of Pennsylvania Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Philadelphia, PA 19104 - Social TV-based Recommendation: Research on a novel Recommendation system based onuser-generated content (UGC) contributed by TV viewers via the social networking siteTwitter. Diverse similarity matrix are built to evaluate the 24 million tweets based social networks.- Scalable Re-identication across Large Graphs, the project is joined with ATT research laband CS department of Rutgers University. The group nodes (by community and structured clustering) are evaluated with known and unknown noise models across graphs.-Teaching Assistant OPIM 410/672 (Data Mining for Business Intelligence --- Wharton MBA course): I Guided the students in the projects of data mining in social media and prepared in-class labs on Twitter data collection and text-processing. Research assistant Company Name Stevens Institute of Technology Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Hoboken -Research on Sparse coding with dimension reduction: Used Matlab and Java to apply dimension reduction methods on the sparse coding (preserved the data structure, reduced complexity and improved the classification accuracy).- Developed RRPC algorithm: Used Matlab to develop semi-supervised feature selection, which was based on the Pearson correlation coecient (PC) with minimum redundancy (R) and maximum relevance (R).-Research on Dictionary learning with machine learning: Utilized the Laplacian score and active learning criteria to propose Laplacian score dictionary and active dictionary learning. Innovation & Entrepreneurship Doctoral Fellowship Company Name Stevens Institute of Technology Dates Employed 2007 – 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Hoboken -Used Python and natural language toolkit NLTK (natural language processing tool) toanalyze comments in the GNU Radio code, which was contributed to the Stevens semanticalsignal processing project.-Developed the Self-Organized Map algorithm for Outlier Detection in cognitive radio, whichwas contributed to the project Behavior Control of Cognitive Radio sponsored by DARPA.- Diversity Co-Training: Used Matlab and Java to develop class probability estimations (CPE)for diverse (D) classiers, and proposed DCPE co-training in the semi-supervised learning.-Teaching assistant for Applied Machine Learning: Worked as guest lecturer for the topic ofensemble learning and semi-supervised learning. Designed biweekly homework problems. Education Stevens Institute of Technology Degree Name Phd in Computer Engineerning Field Of Study Machine Learning and Data mining Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2012 Beijing Institute of Technology Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Shandong University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Ping-Pong Club, VP of School debate association Outstanding Student Leader Award, Shandong University, 2002-2005. Volunteer Experience Reviewer Company Name IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligencen (TPAMI) Dates volunteered Feb 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 4 mos Cause Science and Technology Maintain the quality and relevance of the journal Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 34 endorsements for Machine Learning 34 Machine Learning Endorsed by Justin Gilmer and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Jin’s colleagues at BehaviorMatrix Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 27 endorsements for Python 27 Python Endorsed by Justin Gilmer and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Jin’s colleagues at BehaviorMatrix Click and drag to reorder skills Apache Spark See 5 endorsements for Apache Spark 5 Apache Spark Endorsed by 3 of Jin’s colleagues at BehaviorMatrix Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Justin Gilmer Deep Learning Resident February 9, 2015, Jin worked with Justin in the same group Jin is an extremely talented programmer and data scientist. He has the ability to quickly learn any new technology and apply it in a production setting. Given his academic background he is able to stay up to date on modern NLP and machine learning research. He was a terrific mentor for me as I was beginning my career in data science. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jin has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests BehaviorMatrix 309 followers Data & Text Analytics Professionals (1800+ members) 16,075 members Shandong University 49,287 followers Apteligent (acq. VMW) 3,771 followers Business Analytics, Big Data, and Artificial Intelligence 182,240 members TopTech Ventures 249 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeremy has a account Jeremy Werner Data Scientist at Allstate Silicon Valley Allstate UC Davis Menlo Park, California 236 236 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Jeremy is currently a Data Scientist in Silicon Valley building a fruitful career centered around data and modern analytics. Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Allstate Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Menlo Park, CA Currently working on the Agency Analytics team in Quantitative Research & Analytics, Allstate Silicon Valley. Teaching Assistant Company Name UC Davis Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Davis, CA Assisted professors with instruction of undergraduate statistics courses by delivering weekly lecturesand helping students understand statistics in creative ways. Research Ecologist Company Name United States Geological Survey Dates Employed May 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Sioux Falls, South Dakota Area Improved efficiency and quality of large scale carbon sequestration models by writing R scripts toautomate validation procedures and deliver timely results.Contributed to publications and reports using data mining and statistical analyses. Statistical Analyst Company Name SDSU GIS Center of Excellence Dates Employed Oct 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Brookings, SD Designed and executed a plan for meta-analysis of forest burn severities and treatments derived fromsatellite and ground-collected data to assist wildfire research.Developed automated scientific report generating software using R and Sweave to assist researchers. Tutor Company Name SD State Math Help Center Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Algebra - Calculus II tutoring through the SDSU Math Department. Strong communication skills acquired through working directly with clients and helping them understand mathematics in creative ways Education UC Davis Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2015 Coursework and research emphases include statistical computing and machine learning. South Dakota State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Mathematics (Minors: Computer Science, Statistics, Economics) Grade Magna Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Sigma Phi Delta Engineering Fraternity, SDSU College of Engineering Joint Engineering Council, Alpha Lambda Delta Honor Society, Pride of the Dakotas Marching Band, SDSU Drumline, SDSU Math Club Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 18 endorsements for Data Analysis 18 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeremy’s colleagues at Allstate Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 16 endorsements for Statistics 16 Statistics Endorsed by Ozan Sonmez and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeremy’s colleagues at Allstate Click and drag to reorder skills R See 11 endorsements for R 11 R Endorsed by Michael Bissell and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeremy’s colleagues at Allstate Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jeremy has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications Development of a generic auto-calibration package for regional ecological modeling and application in the Central Plains of the United States Baseline and Projected Future Carbon Storage, Carbon Sequestration, and Greenhouse-Gas Fluxes in Terrestrial Ecosystems of the Eastern United States Organic Carbon Storage in China's Urban Areas Land use and carbon dynamics in the southeastern United States from 1992 to 2050 Baseline Carbon Storage, Carbon Sequestration, and Greenhouse-Gas Fluxes in Terrestrial Ecosystems of the Western United States Projected Future Carbon Storage and Greenhouse-Gas Fluxes of Terrestrial Ecosystems in the Western United States Interests Alpha Lambda Delta Alumni 6,570 members Allstate 147,546 followers Amazon 2,206,004 followers U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) 44,111 followers Google 4,871,319 followers The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,575 members See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Shapiro Data Scientist at Kogentix Inc. Kogentix Inc. University of Illinois at Chicago Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data scientist, currently applying my experience and computational, analytical, and programming skills to solving business problems.Before I became data scientist I enjoyed doing experimental research and modeling in neural control of human movement in healthy individuals and people with Parkinson's disease and other movement disorders. I also developed and taught graduate courses in Biomedical Engineering.Excellent communication skills and ability to interact with colleagues of diverse backgrounds including statisticians, programmers, researchers, physicians, engineers, and business analysts. I thrive in multidisciplinary collaborative environments.DATA SCIENCE QUALIFICATIONS- PhD in Electrical Engineering- Applied statistics, predictive analytics, predictive modeling, times series analysis, machine learning (supervised and unsupervised models, regression analysis, Support Vector Machines, Neural Networks, Random Forests and other ensemble learning algorithms, Recommender systems, advanced dimensionality reduction, classification, and clustering algorithms).- Solid knowledge of applied mathematics including linear algebra, matrix factorization, and convex optimization techniques.- Strong computer skills, including R, Matlab, Python, R, SQL.- Strong communication, time-management, organization, and prioritization skills. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Kogentix Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Data Scientist Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Adjunct Assistant Professor Company Name University of Illinois at Chicago, Department of BioEngineering Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Developed and taught a graduate course in BioEngineering "Neural Control of Human Movement" Founder and President Company Name Kinestech Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Scientific consulting. Research Scientist Company Name Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago Dates Employed 2007 – 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Chicago, IL Conducted research in neural control of movement in healthy individuals, patients diagnosed with movement disorders, and children with Cerebral Palsy; obtained grant funding. See more positions Education University of Illinois at Chicago Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1997 St. Petersburg State Polytechnical University, Russia Degree Name MS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering, Control Theory and Robotics. Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Science See 24 endorsements for Science 24 Science Endorsed by 3 of Mark’s colleagues at University of Illinois at Chicago Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 33 endorsements for Statistics 33 Statistics Endorsed by 8 of Mark’s colleagues at University of Illinois at Chicago Endorsed by 8 people who know Statistics Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 25 endorsements for Data Analysis 25 Data Analysis Endorsed by Nik Bosnyak and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Mark’s colleagues at University of Illinois at Chicago Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Shi (Eilian) Yu Statistical Research Scientist (Ph.D in Electrical Engineering) December 18, 2016, Mark worked with Shi (Eilian) in the same group I had a huge pleasure working with Mark at Deloitte Consulting. He is one of the best data scientists I have ever worked with. He has unique skill sets. He is a math guru. He knows how to work with equations and incorporate them to business problems. If you have complex problems just give it to Mark, and he will use Google, Nature, Science, PNAS, Physical Review A-B-C-D, etc. and come back with an answer, and it works! Shi (Eilian) Yu Statistical Research Scientist (Ph.D in Electrical Engineering) January 19, 2017, Shi (Eilian) worked with Mark in the same group I had a privilege of working with Eilian at Deloitte Consulting, and I can say that he is one of the best data scientists I have ever worked with. He has broad experience in applying machine learning algorithms, and I have a feeling that if I ever ask him about any problem he either had done it in the past or knows how to do it. He is a great colleague, always friendly and helpful. He is highly energetic and enthusiastic about science, math, programming, machine learning, in fact I think one of his most defining features is intellectual curiosity. He loves the science aspect of data science and uses data to answer questions, whether in business or research. Accomplishments Mark has 10 certifications 10 Expand certifications section Certifications Managing Your Time Exploratory Data Analysis, Johns Hopkins Getting and Cleaning Data, Johns Hopkins Reproducible Research, Johns Hopkins SQL Statistical Inference, Johns Hopkins The Data Scientist’s Toolbox, Johns Hopkins R Programming, Johns Hopkins Hadoop and the Amazon Cloud Machine Learning, Stanford Mark has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Russian Mark has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Statistical Association Mark has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication List of Publications on Google Scholar Interests Big Data | Analytics | Strategy | Finance | Innovation 229,951 members Research Methods and Data Science 31,261 members Healthcare Biometrics, Patient Access, Security and Data Privacy 1,039 members Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning and IoT 23,775 members Machine Learning and Data Science 60,867 members The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,575 members See all See all following
More Actions Loren has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Loren Williams Chief Data Scientist and AI Leader at EY EY Georgia State University Greater Atlanta Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Seasoned executive focused on the intersection of sophisticated analytic modeling, data and business decision-making. Particular expertise in large scale prediction and optimization systems and applications of AI technologies to business problems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Loren’s Articles & Activity 988 followers AI: Emerging as a Means for Enterprise Process Automation Loren Williams on LinkedIn See all articles Manugistics (STSC) Alumni Happy Hour – Celebrating Friendships! Loren liked Third Wave AI - It’s like the 60s, but with better computers Loren shared this What is Machine Learning, after all? Loren commented See all activity Experience Chief Data Scientist and AI Leader, Global Innovations Company Name EY Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Atlanta Area Responsible for industrializing, developing, and co-creating with partners, sector-focused analytic solutions which are efficiently leveraged by engagement teams to deliver high-value insights across EYs service lines. Executive Director, Advisory Services Company Name EY Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Atlanta Area Responsible for identifying and delivering advisory services which leverage data and sophisticated analytics into improved business decision-making. EVP and Chief Scientist Company Name Predictix, LLC Dates Employed Oct 2009 – May 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Responsible for directing the scientific R&amp;D supporting Predictix SaaS solution offerings in the areas of retail demand forecasting, price optimization, replenishment, and space otpimization; developing and managing a staff of science consultants; and managing collaboration with researchers in the academic community. Chapter President Company Name Kids4Peace Atlanta Dates Employed 2008 – 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs VP - Pricing Science Company Name Zilliant Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Responsible for directing the scientific R&amp;D for Zilliant's optimization product offerings, developing and managing a staff of science consultants, and overseeing development and execution of scientific consulting work delivered by Zilliant's Professional Services organization. See more positions Education Georgia State University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1993 Specialized in micro-economics and public policy. Dissertation received award as one of four best public policy dissertations from National Tax Association. Washington State University - College of Business and Economics Degree Name BA Field Of Study Hotel Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1980 Featured Skills & Endorsements Pricing See 72 endorsements for Pricing 72 Pricing Endorsed by Jeff Robinson and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Loren’s colleagues at Zilliant Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 51 endorsements for Analytics 51 Analytics Endorsed by Christopher Mazzei and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Loren’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 38 endorsements for Forecasting 38 Forecasting Endorsed by Hossam Zaki and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Loren’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Vijith Varghese, Ph.D. It's an art converting data into decisions August 15, 2015, Loren was senior to Vijith but didn’t manage directly I have known Vijith since May 2014. My team and I worked with him in several initiatives in business development and competency development. He was the point of contact on two global initiatives that supported our go to market strategy as well as technology enablement in analytics. In addition, he managed one of our key analytics projects in healthcare. His dedication, hard work, sector knowledge and team management skills were crucial contributions to our success with this initiative. I recommend him as knowledgeable and seasoned professional. Anuj Shah Founder, GSynergy October 11, 2012, Loren worked with Anuj in different groups I worked directly with Anuj on two complex system projects. In the larger one, Anuj was responsible for the technical design; he was very thorough and thoughtful in the technical aspects of his work, and very effective in the human aspects of the work - soliciting needs, perspectives and priorities from non-technical business people. In the smaller project, Anuj was responsible for both the design and coding of an optimization model, done as a very short-cycle prototype. His grasp of the analytics was firm, and his coding efforts were so productive that we were able to demo far more functionality in the prototype than expected by us or the client.In other, day-to-day interactions, I've always found Anuj to be professional and collegial. He's been a helpful sounding board to me and is highly respected throughout the organization. I whole-heartedly endorse Anuj for any work that he chooses to undertake. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,157 followers Zilliant 2,917 followers Center for Health & Humanitarian Systems, Georgia Tech 1,178 members Professional Pricing Society 19,446 members Pricing2B 3,785 members Washington State University 139,680 followers See all See all following
More Actions Katharine has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Katharine Matsumoto Manager of Data Analytics eero Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am passionate about technology and am a determined problem solver. I want to use data analysis to understand customers and build better products. I enjoy digging into the data and finding the hidden patterns. While I have an interest in graphic design, being an engineer is an integral part of my identity. I hope to be able to combine technical skills and design to create beautiful and meaningful data visualizations. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Katharine’s Activity 792 followers The 6 Best Data Science Master's Degree Courses In the US Katharine shared this See all activity Experience Manager of Data Analytics Company Name eero Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area The first home WiFi system, eero blankets customers’ homes in fast, reliable WiFi. Instead of a single router, eero uses multiple access points placed throughout your home to create a wireless mesh network that covers every room. eero seeks to fix home WiFi once and for all. Based in San Francisco and founded in 2014, eero is privately funded by First Round Capital, Shasta Ventures, Redpoint Ventures and Playground Global. For more information, visit eero.com. Senior Data Scientist Company Name salesforce.com Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area - Lead for all Sales Cloud product analyses, working closely with Execs, Product Managers and Dev Manager across 15 product teams to set performance targets, understand adoption, inform resource prioritization and design new instrumentation - Identified patterns in semi-structured logs to apply historical trends to major initiative- Architected and prototyped new metric framework and team standardization practices- Prepares product recommendations utilizing NLP, clustering/market basket, and variable importance analyses, resulting in product changes by multiple teams- Promoted from MTS to SMTS at first mid-year performance review Data Scientist Company Name Braintree Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Chicago Area - Part-time while completing MS in Analytics at Northwestern- Descriptive and predictive analytics to help merchants reduce declines- Develop custom reports and dashboards to expose data insights to internal stakeholders Product Intelligence Intern Company Name salesforce.com Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area - Identified segments of users based on usage behavior, utilizing unsupervised learning techniques k-means clustering and principal component analysis in R and Mahout- Evaluated market basket frequent sets and feature networks to validate cluster profiles- Built prototype web interfaces for cluster visualizations using d3 - Applied cluster interpretations to reducing attrition and identifying top customers Interactive Project Manager Company Name Joystick Interactive Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Facilitated communication between clients and remote design team in production of interactive advertisements, established time tables and project scope, and balanced client goals with technical constraints- Programmed a new tool to improve allocation of designers between our three locations- Trained new designers in DoubleClick Studio and internal procedures- Clients include: Google, Saatchi & Saatchi, Leo Burnett, Viacom See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Management Science & Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Delta Delta Delta, Inter-Sorority Council, Phi Beta Kappa, Tau Beta Pi, Stanford Student Enterprises Northwestern University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Phillips Academy Andover Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: The Phillipian, Track, Soccer, Diving, Cum Laude Volunteer Experience San Francisco Chapter Leader Company Name DataKind Dates volunteered Aug 2014 – Jul 2016 Volunteer duration 2 yrs Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 8 endorsements for R 8 R Endorsed by William Chiu, FRM and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Katharine’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 13 endorsements for Data Analysis 13 Data Analysis Endorsed by Brian Spiering and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Katharine’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 11 endorsements for Analytics 11 Analytics Endorsed by William Chiu, FRM and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Katharine’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Jeanine Walters Software Architect at Salesforce.com July 27, 2015, Jeanine worked with Katharine in different groups I worked with Katharine on a project to create better data for analysis. Katharine brought her deep Salesforce experience and understanding to rapidly co-author a plan with me. Despite being a side project for both of us, she worked many extra hours to create an excellent solution and to craft a helpful process. She is sorely missed! Julia Marden Independent Consultant | Data Librarian January 8, 2015, Julia worked with Katharine but at different companies Since Katharine and her colleagues launched a DataKind chapter in San Francisco in August 2014, Katharine has been leading the way with her excellent organizational skills and attention to detail. Katharine has helped to plan and organize four Meetups in as many months, built strong relationships with Data for Good leaders in the community, and donated her time and energy to strategy meetings with other volunteer leaders from around the globe. I'm inspired by Katharine’s commitment to volunteering and to building a Data for Good community in the San Francisco-Bay Area and fortunate to work alongside her. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Katharine has 11 courses 11 Expand courses section Courses Analytical Consulting Project Leadership Analytics for Big Data Data Management and Information Processing Data Mining Data Visualization Data Warehousing and Workflow Management Optimization and Heuristics Predictive Analytics Rhode Island School of Design - Data Driven Design Rhode Island School of Design - Poster Design Katharine has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Credit Card Transaction Metrics Visualization Project at Hewlett-Packard SC Johnson Supply Chain Optimization RiteAid WellnessPlus Customer Segmentation Katharine has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Delta Delta Delta Inter-Sorority Council Interests Northwestern University 170,829 followers Stanford School of Engineering 26,330 members DJ PatilDJ Patil is a LinkedIn Influencer Former U.S. Chief Data Scientist; built & run product teams @ LinkedIn etc; done a bunch of security and some data too 458,581 followers Data Visualization 12,328 members DataKind 3,290 followers Data Science Central 291,505 members See all See all following
More Actions James P. has a account James P. Morris Data Scientist Infosys Stony Brook University Health Sciences Center School of Medicine Greater New York City Area 105 105 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Detail-oriented, innovative researcher with a broad perspective and strong analytical skills. Years of experience in various methods and tools of quantitative analysis and delivering real-world solutions. Trained in data retrieval, storage, and analysis. Strong programming skills with experience in algorithms, data structures, and programming paradigms, especially OOP. Experience in many aspects of machine learning, data mining, classical statistics, and physical and mathematical modeling. Excellent communicator, thriving under deadlines, and independently motivated. Takes great satisfaction in digging deep into a problem and producing concrete, immediate, high-quality results.Doctorate • Physics, Math, Philosophy Degrees • R, Python, Matlab • Classification, Regression, Clustering • Java, C++, OOP • NumPy, SciPy, scikit-learn, Pandas • Statistical Methods • Machine Learning See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist - Practice Lead Company Name Infosys Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Creator, Designer, Developer Company Name www.factsandvalues.com, et. al. Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Brooklyn, NY Created infrastructure and began development of next-generation web applications utilizing state-of-the-art methods and modern web programming languages to reach thousands of individuals to aid decision-making in various fields such as current events, finance, and health. Improved technical, programming, and information presentation skills through real-world applications of data visualization and storage. (Website password readily available.) Designed an infrastructure for the storage and statistical analysis of disjoint datasets with a user-friendly interface Designed architecture to manage relations between fundamental concepts in informal logic Medical Student Company Name Stony Brook University School of Medicine Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Stony Brook, NY Worked in a team with diverse medical specialists. Studied a multidisciplinary approach to problem-solving. Developed an interest for medical knowledge but chose to return to the analytical challenges of data analysis.&#149; Developed strategies to assimilate large amounts of information within short deadlines&#149; Created conceptual and computational frameworks for medical problem solving&#149; Trained in diverse basic clinical skills&#149; Obtained knowledge of medical and biological decision making Research/Teaching Assistant Company Name Ohio State University, Department of Physics Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs 11 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Research assistant affiliated with the 500-scientist BaBar collaboration at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. Performed independent, original research using modern mathematical and statistical methods. Used Perl and C++ with standard and in-house libraries to assess quality control, automate tasks, and process and analyze data using physical, mathematical, and statistical models including, SVM, decision trees, and neural networks. Taught, tutored, and mentored, undergraduate and graduate students informally and in formal lecture, laboratory, and small-group settings, and was awarded for excellence in graduate teaching. Regularly presented findings to non-specialists, professional societies, and in-house working groups and published in high-impact journals.&#149; Used complex mathematical methods (e.g. PDEs, matrix analysis, group theory) and specialized analysis tools (e.g. Matlab, R, ROOT), C++ analysis software, and various statistical and machine learning techniques (e.g. neural networks, decision trees) to complete a useful experimental investigation informing theoretical models&#149; Because of a reduction in the workforce in the group, assumed role as sub-detector quality control expert developing Perl software to assess data quality, reducing assessment time by an order of magnitude while increasing the error detection rate&#149; As software release coordinator, assembled regular software updates used by the collaboration, developed software to automate assembly and tested in-house software releases, reducing necessary work by hundreds of hours annually National Science Foundation East Asian and Pacific Summer Institute Fellow Company Name KEK High Energy Accelerator Research Center Dates Employed May 2006 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Tsukuba, Japan &#149; As part of an exploratory study of the behavior and performance of a planned detector upgrade, modeled the passage of particles through a simulated detector subsystem using GEANT4&#149; Awarded fellowship of a multi-million dollar program funded by the National Science Foundation&#149; Presented results to cross-disciplinary fellows in formal and informal meetings See more positions Education Stony Brook University Health Sciences Center School of Medicine Field Of Study Medicine Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 The Ohio State University Degree Name Ph.D Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Graduate Student Council - Physics Representative, Meals on Wheels, Hospital Volunteer, Mountaineers Outdoors Club, Sky Diving Club, Ju-Jitsu Club The Ohio State University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 See more education Volunteer Experience Worker Company Name Habitat for Humanity International Cause Poverty Alleviation Driver Company Name Meals On Wheels Association of America Cause Poverty Alleviation Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 5 endorsements for Data Science 5 Data Science Chad Jarvis and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 3 endorsements for Machine Learning 3 Machine Learning William H. Caple III and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Programming See 5 endorsements for Programming 5 Programming H. Lee Mosbacker, PhD and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments James P. has 24 certifications 24 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Analysis and Statistical Inference Web Application Architectures Developing Data Products Practical Machine Learning Regression Models Reproducible Research Exploratory Data Analysis Getting and Cleaning Data R Programming Statistical Inference James P. has 6 organizations 6 Expand organizations section Organizations American Association of Physics Teachers American Institute of Physics American Medical Association American Physical Association Graduate Student Council Medical Society of the State of New York James P. has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Italian Japanese Spanish James P. has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Hazel Brown Teaching Award for Excellence in Graduate Teaching East-Asian and Pacific Summery Institute (EAPSI) Fellow Instituto Nazionale di Fisica (INFN) Fellow James P. has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Search for the decay D0 → γ γ measurement of the branching fraction for D0 → π0 π0 Measurement of the branching fractions of the radiative charm decays D0 → K*0γ and D0 → φ γ CP Violation and the Dominance of Matter James P. has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score MCAT Interests University of Arizona 220,110 followers Sageworks Capital, Inc. 868 followers Connections of New York 19,642 followers Pulse 1,535,157 followers PlaceIQ 3,494 followers Quant Masters- Data Scientist Deep Machine Learning Predictive Modeling NLP Mahout R Matlab Weka SAS 10,575 members See all See all following
More Actions Bill has a account Bill Bradley Principal Data Scientist at Cambridge Mobile Telematics Cambridge Mobile Telematics Massachusetts Institute of Technology Cambridge, Massachusetts 227 227 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Principal Data Scientist Company Name Cambridge Mobile Telematics Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Cambridge, MA Senior Lead Mathematician Company Name Analog Devices Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Director of Research Company Name Lyric Semiconductor Dates Employed Sep 2008 – May 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Principal Company Name Tapir Mathematical Consulting Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Somerville, MA Research Staff Company Name Institute for Defense Analyses: Center for Communications Research Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Princeton, NJ Media (1) This position has 1 media CCR Princeton CCR Princeton This media is a link See more positions Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2002 University of Cambridge Degree Name Tripos, with Distinction Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1996 Harvard University Degree Name BA, Magna Cum Laude Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Algorithms See 10 endorsements for Algorithms 10 Algorithms Tom Walcott and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Simulations See 10 endorsements for Simulations 10 Simulations Endorsed by H. Emre Güven and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 8 endorsements for Matlab 8 Matlab Endorsed by H. Emre Güven and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Cambridge 327,500 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology 277,275 followers Cambridge Mobile Telematics 259 followers University of Cambridge 292,242 followers Harvard University 490,539 followers Pulse 1,535,157 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ilya has a account Ilya Goldin Senior Data Scientist 2U University of Pittsburgh Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I create rich social experiences driven by data and technology.Get in touch if you're looking for someone with an interdisciplinary background (PhD, 2011) who can develop technology in alignment with target outcomes, and who can communicate with diverse stakeholders. I'm particularly interested in complex social problems, e.g., in education and public health.Seven years of industry experience, including building and evaluating prototypes and developing intellectual property.Specialties: + Technology-enhanced learning, including intelligent tutoring systems and computer-supported collaborative learning+ Systems development: visualization, machine learning, data mining, information retrieval, natural language processing+ Research: experiment design, qualitative and quantitative data collection and analysis See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Data Science Company Name 2U Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Consulting Data Scientist Company Name Ilya Goldin Dates Employed 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs I am a Principal Investigator and advisor to start-ups, established companies, and academics on issues in data mining, educational technologies, and software development. Research Scientist Company Name Pearson Education Dates Employed 2013 – 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs - As a scientist in the Center for Digital Data, Analytics & Adaptive Learning, I developed data-driven algorithms to advance digital learning, including algorithms to probabilistically estimate student mastery of a skill, to discover models of prerequisite skill relationships, to flag learning activities for editorial attention, and others. These technologies have led to internal prototypes, patent applications and academic publications. - I planned and supervised field-testing of our technologies with hundreds of K-12 students in Utah and Michigan, and derived insights from data that drove product revisions- I leveraged my academic background and relationships to bring outside expertise to Pearson projects, to support my colleagues'​ professional development, and to enhance Pearson's position as a thought leader in educational technology. Post-doctoral Fellow Company Name Carnegie Mellon University Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater Pittsburgh Area Data Administrator Company Name Magee-Womens Research Institute and Foundation Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Pittsburgh Area Processed hundreds of gigabytes of data for biomedical informatics tasks using custom and third-party software and scripting in a Unix environment. See more positions Education University of Pittsburgh Degree Name PhD Field Of Study artificial intelligence, learning sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Dissertation titled "A Focus on Content: The Use of Rubrics in Peer Review to Guide Students and Instructors". Defended April 29, 2011. University of Pittsburgh Degree Name MS Field Of Study artificial intelligence, learning sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2007 MS thesis, "Validity and Reliability of an Instrument for Assessing Case Analyses in Bioengineering Ethics Education" Stevenson University Degree Name BS Magna Cum Laude Field Of Study Liberal Arts and Technology, Computer Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Vice-President, College Chapter of the Association of Information Technology Professionals, 1998-1999. Featured Skills & Endorsements Artificial Intelligence See 59 endorsements for Artificial Intelligence 59 Artificial Intelligence Endorsed by Peter Brusilovsky and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Ilya’s colleagues at Pearson Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 45 endorsements for Data Mining 45 Data Mining Endorsed by Yan Qu and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ilya’s colleagues at Pearson Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 43 endorsements for Machine Learning 43 Machine Learning Endorsed by Ted Gaubert, PhD, MBA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Ilya’s colleagues at Pearson Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ilya has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Russian Ilya has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards MacArthur Foundation/ETS Edmund W. Gordon Fellow PostPIER Postdoctoral Training Grant Ilya has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Peer Review PI Forum Ilya has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Move your lamp post: Recent data reflects learner knowledge better than older data Interests Ed Tech Start Ups 21,194 members Intelligent Systems (University of Pittsburgh) Students, Faculty, and Alumni 28 members Artificial Intelligence in Education (AIED / IAIED) 2,289 members Generalized Intelligent Framework for Tutoring (GIFT) 341 members Tutor Technologies, Inc. 31 followers Edgenuity Inc. 8,782 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kyle has a account Kyle Spaulding Data Scientist National Funding Occidental College Greater San Diego Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Analytically oriented, creative problem solver influencing major business decisions via a balanced blend of mathematical expertise, technology, and business acumen• Well-versed in the use of business intelligence and advanced analytics to transform raw information into actionable insights• Adept in communicating and educating key stakeholders of different quantitative backgrounds on analytical modeling processes, results, and recommendations• Highly proficient in a diverse range of programming languages and software applications: SQL, SAS, R, Python, and Tableau See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name National Funding Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Data Scientist Company Name UST Global Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom Manager, Operations Strategy and Analytics Company Name Hyundai Capital America Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Senior Risk Analyst Company Name United Auto Credit Corporation Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Consultant - Data Analyst Company Name Resolution Economics Dates Employed May 2011 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Education Occidental College Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Mathematics Activities and Societies: Football Team Occidental College Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Economics Activities and Societies: Football Team Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 47 endorsements for Data Analysis 47 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kyle’s colleagues at Hyundai Capital America Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 35 endorsements for SAS 35 SAS Endorsed by 2 of Kyle’s colleagues at Hyundai Capital America Endorsed by 8 people who know SAS Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 32 endorsements for Statistics 32 Statistics Endorsed by Victoria Cheng, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Kyle’s colleagues at United Auto Credit Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Vincent Ibia Problem-solver and Python enthusiast April 24, 2014, Kyle worked with Vincent in the same group I had the benefit of working in the same department as Kyle Spaulding for over a year. He came to the company a year after myself, but his prior experience with data modeling helped him become a important contributor at an amazing speed. He communicates well with employees at all levels, and his enthusiasm is contagious. His motivation and work ethic are top rate, and I witnessed their positive effect on many others, including myself.Kyle's analytical skills changed the Risk department. We began to get answers faster, and tackle "what-ifs" that departmental leaders didn't think to ask; had little time to investigate; or didn't know were possible. With Kyle, ordinary scorecards and reports became informative KPI's and projections. He not only manipulates the data, but questions its purpose, and verifies its validity. In one word, Kyle is transformative, and someone I'd be thrilled to work with again in the future. Gwin Duangnapa Advisory | Analytics at Deloitte April 23, 2014, Gwin managed Kyle directly Kyle is a highly motivated self-starter and a true team player. He took the lead on multiple projects that I managed and was a joy to work with. Although I was disappointed to see him leave our company, I remain confident that he will be a great asset to any organization. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kyle has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Programming in Python Big Data Data Science Kyle has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health 9,546 followers University of California San Diego 208,165 followers Big Data 5,065,069 followers Occidental Alumni 1,629 members University of Michigan 368,372 followers United Auto Credit Corporation 4,371 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alexander has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Alexander Fonarev Data Scientist SBDA Group Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology Russian Federation 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Chief Data Scientist & Co-founder Company Name SBDA Group Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Lecturer Company Name Yandex School of Data Analysis Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Moscow, Russian Federation Practical machine learning lectures for master students.Responsibilities: leading practical machine learning class team (6 people), teaching more than 120 students, creating a syllabus, designing course goals and tasks, checking students homework. Machine Learning Researcher Company Name Yandex.Research Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos In collaboration with Skoltech PhD program.Responsibilities: consulting various engineer groups on machine learning and data science issues; exploring data science scientific papers.Achievements: implemented various features and machine learning improvements in the spell checker; improved quality of Yandex.Music recommender system. Research Developer Company Name Yandex Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Achievements: developed a framework for conducting machine learning experiments in the spell checker; implemented the system for collecting required large-scale user log data Teaching Assistant Company Name Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 2 mos Practical machine learning lectures in English See more positions Education Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 Ivan Oseledets supervision Yandex School of Data Analysis Field Of Study Machine Learning, Data Mining, Natural Language Processing, Information Retrieval Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Computer Science Department Lomonosov Moscow State University (MSU) Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Applied Mathematics, Informatics, Machine Learning, Data Analysis Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2014 Faculty of Computational Mathematics and CyberneticsMathematical Methods of Forecasting DepartmentAlexander Dyakonov supervision See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 142 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Stanislav Semenov and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 27 of Alexander’s colleagues at Yandex Click and drag to reorder skills Business Development See 8 endorsements for Business Development 8 Business Development Timofei Semenov and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 45 endorsements for Management 45 Management Endorsed by Malgorzata Kielminska, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Alexander’s colleagues at Yandex Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alexander has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English German Russian Alexander has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Riemannian Optimization for Skip-Gram Negative Sampling Efficient Rectangular Maximal-Volume Algorithm for Rating Elicitation in Collaborative Filtering Transformation of Categorical Features into Real Using Low-Rank Approximations Interests Yandex 51,255 followers Московский Государственный Университет им. М.В. Ломоносова (МГУ) 83,196 followers Big Data, Analytics, Business Intelligence & Visualization Experts Community 232,429 members Botan Investment 35 followers Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,421 members Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology 453 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ankit has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Ankit Saxena Data Scientist Fuzzy Logix St. Michael's International School Kobe Japan Hong Kong 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Associate Data Scientist Company Name Fuzzy Logix Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Hong Kong Business Development (Summer Internship) Company Name UrbanClap Dates Employed May 2015 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Gurgaon, India Business Analysis (Summer Internship) Company Name Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited Dates Employed May 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Chandigarh Area, India Statistical Modelling (Summer Internship) Company Name Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited Dates Employed May 2013 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Bhopal Education St. Michael's International School Kobe Japan Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Sports Captain, Trekking, Football Delhi Public School Bhopal Degree Name High School Grade 94% in CBSE 12th Board Examinations Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Student Council, Dramatics, Cricket, Karate 2011 Cleared the Joint Entrance Examination conducted by Indian Institute of Technology2008 Secured National Rank 366 in the National Cyber Olympiad IIT Roorkee Degree Name Integrated Dual Degree B.Tech. and M.B.A. Field Of Study Process Engineering and Management Grade CGPA: 8.29 /10 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2016 2013 - 14 Dramatics Secretary at Cultural Council2012 - 13 Event Coordinator in Cognizance '13 (Annual Technical Fest)2011 - 15 Football (3 Gold Medals)2012 - 13 Cartoonist at Media and Publishing Club2012 - 13 Record Holder in Limca Book of Records2013 - 15 Himalayan Explorer Club (Regular member)2011 - 12 National Service Scheme Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name National Service Scheme Dates volunteered 2011 – 2011 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Education Taught under-privileged children for 4 hours every week in regional schools. Volunteered in Medical camps held for the poor in nearby settlements of the city. Fund Raising Company Name HelpAge India Dates volunteered 2009 – 2009 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Human Rights Raised funds for HelpAge India, a non-profit NGO that cares for disadvantaged senior citizens Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 5 endorsements for Data Science 5 Data Science Aayush Agrawal and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Behavioral Economics See 7 endorsements for Behavioral Economics 7 Behavioral Economics Aayush Agrawal and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 6 endorsements for Public Speaking 6 Public Speaking Endorsed by 2 of Ankit’s colleagues at Fuzzy Logix Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ankit has 17 certifications 17 Expand certifications section Certifications Introduction to Data Science in Python An Introduction to Financial Accounting Corporate Finance Essentials Advanced Competitive Strategy Economics of Money and Banking, Part Two The Power of Macroeconomics: Economic Principles in the Real World Economics of Money and Banking, Part One Microeconomics Principles Financing and Investing in Infrastructure Analyzing Global Trends for Business and Society Ankit has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Football National Cyber Olympiad International Assessment for Indian Schools National Cyber Olympiad Karate National YMCA Swimming Test Ankit has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English German Hindi Japanese Ankit has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Inferring the relation between economic recession and mean housing prices (Coursera) Profitability analysis of a plant for production of 2000 MTPD ammonia using natural gas as feed-stock (IIT Roorkee) Interests Daniel GolemanDaniel Goleman is a LinkedIn Influencer What Makes a Leader? Emotional and Social Intelligence 3,902,625 followers Dr. Travis BradberryDr. Travis Bradberry is a LinkedIn Influencer Coauthor EMOTIONAL INTELLIGENCE 2.0 & President at TalentSmart 1,726,605 followers James AltucherJames Altucher is a LinkedIn Influencer Editor at The Altucher Report 764,393 followers Coursera 172,371 followers Accounting 3,449,584 followers Bill GrossBill Gross is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO of Idealab 328,305 followers See all See all following
More Actions Qiuyan has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Qiuyan Xu Chief Data Scientist | PHD | FRM Cignifi Inc. University of California, Davis Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Lead data driven business with strong technical skills• Leadership and management skills from growing a startup company in various stages. • Chief Data Scientist with PhD in statistics. Experienced with end-to-end data pipeline, advanced analytics and predictive modeling. Expertise in R&D and production in both traditional and big data environment.• Marketing, distribution and risk management domain expertise in Insurance, Lending and Telecommunication industries.• Technical skills: SAS, R, SQL, Hive, Python (familiar) and Hadoop.• Cloud/AWS experience: EC2, S3, Redshift, EMR, Oozie workflow.• Credential: FRM (Financial Risk Management) holder. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Qiuyan’s Articles 2,078 followers Cignifi and Equifax Partner to Bring Next-Generation Credit Scores to Unbanked Population in Latin America Qiuyan Xu on LinkedIn Publish dateMarch 31, 2016 See 1 more article Mobile Money Study Presentation at EARL 2015 Qiuyan Xu on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 8, 2015 Experience Chief Data Scientist Company Name Cignifi Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Cambridge, MA • Lead big data and BI team. Responsible for o Developing and deploying big data ETL and predictive modeling algorithms, which underpin core credit and marketing products.o Providing professional services to build score cards and customized models for Cignifi’s mobile operator and banking clients in South America, Africa and Asia.o Providing BI support to clients.o Research in innovation to improve Cignfi’s product and service.o Presentation and speaking engagement to promote Cignifi’s brand.• First hand experience scaling an early stage start-upo Product development experience with MVP and agile concepts. Bring products from prototyping to scaled commercial implementation.o Business development and technical sales experience. Director Company Name Liberty Mutual Insurance Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Boston, Massachusetts Analytical and strategic support for Personal Insurance Distribution. Providing performance insights and operation optimization solutions, with a focus on new business acquisition. Manager Company Name Travelers Insurance Dates Employed Jan 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Enterprice Risk Managment | Solvency II | Capital Modeling. Responsible for Market risk and Operational Risk modeling, process controls, documentation and business use. Senior Consultant - Personal Insurance Company Name Travelers Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Marketing | Predictive Modeling | Claim Research | Actuarial support• Life Time Value modeling for direct marketing.• Loss modeling for claim severity and frequency. • Model production control and monitoring.• Fraud analysis. Utilizing machine learning and text mining. Pre-Clinical Statistician (contractor) Company Name Pfizer Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 4 mos Pre-clinical research, genetic statistics, DNA expression. Statistical consulting. Research project of break point detection and segmentation. Application in Comparative genomic hybridization (CGH). Method: Bayesian Modeling. MCMC, Gibbs Sampling. See more positions Education University of California, Davis Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2008 Ph.D in statistics—September, 2008.Thesis advisors: Professor Rituparna Sen and Professor Jiming Jiang.• Dissertation topic: High Frequency Data Analysis in Financial Market. o Theoretical development of new covariance estimator for different assets for high frequency financial data. o Application in stock markets and other financial markets. University of Science and Technology of China Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Development Business Development No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Entrepreneurship Entrepreneurship No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups Start-ups No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (5) Huawen Wu Advanced Application Manager at Pavilion Integration Corporation July 21, 2009, Huawen and Qiuyan were students together In the past six years, I kept impressed by and also admiring how well Qiuyan managed her busy study and life. We were graduated from the same college (USTC), she earned two degrees within four years while I earned only one in five years. Then again she had her Ph.D. two years ahead of me. That’s enough said - no mention she raised a beautiful daughter in the graduate school. I have no doubt that she is successful and she will continue to achieve much more. Mary Wang Evaluation Data Manager, CSUCO July 21, 2009, Mary and Qiuyan were students together I went to statistics graduate school with Qiuyan and we participated in the same core classes several times. We were all impressed by her strong mathematics theoretical background, problem solving and independent research ability. She is also very willing to help and discussion with her had always been advantageous.During our leisure time, she is also a very good friend of mine. She is a very welcoming, loving and caring person. I admire her ability to manage her own personal life very well, and be able to help when friends are in need. Overall, it was just a very good experience for me to have Qiuyan as a colleague during my graduate school period and I believe it also will be the case for you if you work with her :) View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Shihui Jia Quantitative Associate at Wells Fargo September 3, 2014, Qiuyan managed Shihui directly Shihui was exceptional during the internship this summer. In the short 12 weeks, she had gone through a very intensive production level project, accomplished many tasks without little help. She went through different internal data systems, and pieced together many different data sources, performed clean up, and creating data dictionaries. She developed a predictive model to target a specific market and promote our sales strategy through the model. She worked collaboratively with a few other teams on parallel projects, and helped them when needed. She had also helped with model implementation.Other than her solid technical skills and enthusiastic for learning, she also showed great personal skills. She was a great team player, and she is very open minded while conscious of what she want to improve.Overall, I highly recommend Shihui to any analytical/operational research related positions. Our team would not hesitate to hire her back if there is an opportunity. Cameron Croutch Financial Advisor at Northwestern Mutual December 21, 2011, Qiuyan was a client of Cameron’s Cameron has been working with my family on our life insurance. He is dedicated to his work and to his clients. He shows deep and detailed knowledge of the subjects, follows through his work, and is very trustworthy. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Qiuyan has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Covolatility A Bayesian Approach for Assessing Chromosomal Aberrations in Glioblasma and Gastric Cancer Estimation of Integrated Covolatility for Asynchronous Assets In the Presence of Microstructure Noise Qiuyan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Qiuyan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Financial Risk Manager (FRM) Interests Professional Women 14,556,640 followers Harte Hanks 33,764 followers The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,575 members Economy 15,706,779 followers Hays Asian Expats Careers Forum - UK 9,150 members Tiaxa 1,741 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kyle has a account Kyle Spaulding Data Scientist National Funding Occidental College Greater San Diego Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Analytically oriented, creative problem solver influencing major business decisions via a balanced blend of mathematical expertise, technology, and business acumen• Well-versed in the use of business intelligence and advanced analytics to transform raw information into actionable insights• Adept in communicating and educating key stakeholders of different quantitative backgrounds on analytical modeling processes, results, and recommendations• Highly proficient in a diverse range of programming languages and software applications: SQL, SAS, R, Python, and Tableau See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name National Funding Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Data Scientist Company Name UST Global Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom Manager, Operations Strategy and Analytics Company Name Hyundai Capital America Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Senior Risk Analyst Company Name United Auto Credit Corporation Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Consultant - Data Analyst Company Name Resolution Economics Dates Employed May 2011 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Education Occidental College Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Mathematics Activities and Societies: Football Team Occidental College Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Economics Activities and Societies: Football Team Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 47 endorsements for Data Analysis 47 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kyle’s colleagues at Hyundai Capital America Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 35 endorsements for SAS 35 SAS Endorsed by 2 of Kyle’s colleagues at Hyundai Capital America Endorsed by 10 people who know SAS Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 32 endorsements for Statistics 32 Statistics Endorsed by Victoria Cheng, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Kyle’s colleagues at United Auto Credit Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Vincent Ibia Problem-solver and Python enthusiast April 24, 2014, Kyle worked with Vincent in the same group I had the benefit of working in the same department as Kyle Spaulding for over a year. He came to the company a year after myself, but his prior experience with data modeling helped him become a important contributor at an amazing speed. He communicates well with employees at all levels, and his enthusiasm is contagious. His motivation and work ethic are top rate, and I witnessed their positive effect on many others, including myself.Kyle's analytical skills changed the Risk department. We began to get answers faster, and tackle "what-ifs" that departmental leaders didn't think to ask; had little time to investigate; or didn't know were possible. With Kyle, ordinary scorecards and reports became informative KPI's and projections. He not only manipulates the data, but questions its purpose, and verifies its validity. In one word, Kyle is transformative, and someone I'd be thrilled to work with again in the future. Gwin Duangnapa Advisory | Analytics at Deloitte April 23, 2014, Gwin managed Kyle directly Kyle is a highly motivated self-starter and a true team player. He took the lead on multiple projects that I managed and was a joy to work with. Although I was disappointed to see him leave our company, I remain confident that he will be a great asset to any organization. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kyle has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Programming in Python Big Data Data Science Kyle has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests University of California San Diego 220,734 followers Occidental College 19,855 followers Big Data and Analytics 330,668 members Banking & Finance 11,211,238 followers The Johns Hopkins University 149,542 followers The Johns Hopkins University 137,774 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kulsoom has a account Kulsoom Abdullah Data Scientist at ADP ADP Georgia Institute of Technology Greater Atlanta Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Currently a Data Scientist at ADP. Summary of my work is coming soon. In brief: human capital analytics and a LOT of data - some tools: Spark, Scala, Hive, Python Experience & Interests: Applied Machine Learning, Human Computer Interaction, Applied Humanitarian Research, Information Networks & Security, Network Security Visualization• Seeking collaboration to promote open source tools to aid in trafficking, collaboration & sharing data of various types from different sectors & organizations for more comprehensive & efficient research. We need both the human domain experts & the potential of machine learning algorithms & creating models to help deal with the massive amount of data. Current tools need improvement, are tedious to use, & have a possible learning curve. References available upon request See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Kulsoom’s Articles 558 followers Help send 6 Pakistani women to the Asian Weightlifting Championships Olympic Games Qualifier Kulsoom Abdullah on LinkedIn Publish dateFebruary 3, 2016 See all articles Women in Data Science (Dec 10, 6-7p PT) Kulsoom Abdullah on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 10, 2015 Experience Data Scientist Company Name ADP Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Atlanta, Georgia Details coming soon ... Visiting Scholar Company Name Georgia Institute of Technology Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Location Communications Assurance & Performance Group (CAP) Visualizing Domain Reputation & Attribution Feb 2014-Current• Leverage DNS agility, used by malware command-and-control (C2) system, for reputation & attribution. Cluster domains on their network features and relationships, then visualize the most important relationships. A security company’s passive DNS database was used to retrieve historic domain and IP information, sci-kit learn to perform clustering. My contributions involve using python, sqlite, querying a whois database to extract part of the features, and d3.js (JSON input) for the visualization.Parallel 3D Coordinate System Jan 2013-April 2014• Development & research in network security stereoscopic 3D visualization, machine learning for new/inexperienced users (command/navigation recommendation based on expert users), & user evaluation. HPING/TCL to simulate network traffic activity using Wireshark to capture the traffic data, then filtered background & “noisy” packet data. The final data was test input for the visualization tool. More details in the publications. Research Contractor Company Name Damballa, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area • Analyzed malware botnet command & control (c2) domain and malware network traffic using machine learning of big data amounts, domain attribution and classification to identify those that are malicious.• Worked on a project analyzing client query behavior. I independently designed and coded experiments to test hypothesis on this project to understand the data, the results and came up with statistical features to help classify clients that are following malicious domains of various roles specific to malware campaigns deployed by botnet operators. This required understanding the format of the data and retrieving the needed data from Damballa’s massive data stores for extraction, and data analysis. Some of the tools used were: Python and using Python with Numpy, Scipy, IPython, Map/Reduce jobs, sqlite3-db, R, Matplotlib & Pandas for data visualization. I also used the company’s internal github for code use and modification and paper writing collaboration, the wiki for accessing and modifying documentation. Consultant Company Name Georgia State University Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Atlanta, GA Research in the Internet’s role in Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Minors (CSEM), mostly self-supported. Collaboratedwith Dr. Mary Finn at Georgia State University• Educated & trained investigators & research assistants about the current communication technologies & how theyinterface, assist with technology content-related questions in qualitative interview, assist with the collection & analysisof web data.• Scraped web forum discussion data HTML pages of over one year from 3 boards. Tokenized each post & parameters(parent & child posts, userid, subject, date, time, message) from each HTML page using Python into MongoDB foreasier retrieval of any needed formats to use with machine learning tools.• Performed tf-idf using Sci-kit learn & presented top tfidf value words on all posts for all words. E.g. Atlanta forum was39,436 posts by 113,214 unique words. Used cluster analysis for classification results, along with professor’s feedback,to help reduce the dictionary.• Future work: to use semi-supervised or supervised learning based on the qualitative analysis by the professors, such asposter’s role & activity patterns, message sentiment & topic.• Future work: Promote open source tools, collaboration & sharing data of various types from different sectors &organizations for more comprehensive & efficient research. Both the human domain experts & the potential of machine learning algorithms needed to creating models to help deal with the massive amount of data. Current tools need improvement, are tedious to use, & have a possible learning curve. Engineer III Company Name Scientific Research Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos • Software Defined Radios January 2009-June 2009 o Assisted in developing an adaptive power control algorithm using Qualnet, ensuring thorough network testing plan & tested SRC’s revised Mobile Route (MANET software) • AMF JTRS Router Trade Study April 2008-December 2008 o Researched COTS router specifications and RFCs, compared them to the top router vendors, and finalized router choice in the AMF JTRS system. • JTRS Training Network Analysis January 2008-April 2008 o Assessed the network loading for FCS training and potential for JTRS radios and waveforms to carry this load. Researched current methods to mathematically analyze unicast and geocast traffic for the system and, using this work as a basis, developed equations to calculate the load imposed on training traffic. • SPAWAR SATCOM Analysis June 2008-July 2008 o Wrote functions generating VTRPE input files for varying frequencies, wind speed, sea conditions, for multiple prime number seeds. Generated plots that showed path loss vs. distance for varying altitudes, along with difference and average plots. The data, along with the graphs, was used to aid in deriving a general channel model to test Reliable Link Protocol (RLP) performance over the sea. See more positions Education Georgia Institute of Technology Degree Name ECE Field Of Study Computer Systems Networking and Telecommunications Grade 3.61/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2006 Dissertation Title: “Scaling and Visualizing Network Data to Facilitate in Intrusion Detection Tasks”• Developed two systems that visualize packet header and IDS data. Visualization improved the efficiency at which attacks and anomalies are identified by the network security analyst.• Computer Science Minor University of Central Florida Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Computer Engineering Grade 3.8/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Activities and Societies: President's List, Florida Academic Scholarship, UCF Merit Scholarship, Graduated Cum Laude Minor in Math Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 25 endorsements for Python 25 Python Endorsed by 2 of Kulsoom’s colleagues at ADP Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 28 endorsements for Java 28 Java Endorsed by 2 of Kulsoom’s colleagues at Georgia Institute of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills JOGL See 3 endorsements for JOGL 3 JOGL Eliesa Hamilton and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Raheem Beyah Associate Chair for Strategic Initiatives and Innovation at Georgia Institute of Technology July 19, 2007, Raheem managed Kulsoom directly Kulsoom worked on industry sponsored programs for me. She worked hard, was reliable, and did a great job. Mark Miller Owner, Mirror Image Screen Printing August 8, 2013, Kulsoom was a client of Mark’s I highly recommend Mark for his screen printing work. He has printed great quality t-shirts for Crossfit. I personally worked with him on T-shirts, jackets, pants, and bags that I needed for the 2012 Asian Weightlifting Championships. The quality and color of the print was excellent including the base product. Everyone who purchased an item were also impressed. In addition to the quality of work, it is efficiently done and he is honest. i would not hesitate to work with him again in the future. Accomplishments Kulsoom has 11 publications 11 Expand publications section Publications NAVSEC: A Recommender System for 3D Network Security Visualizations P3D: A Parallel 3D Coordinate System for Advanced Network Scans A Visualization Framework for Self-monitoring of Web-based Information Disclosure Self-monitoring of Web-based Information Disclosure High alarm count issues in IDS RainStorm Processing Data to Construct Practical Visualizations for Network Security Countering Security Analyst and Network Administrator Overload Through Alert and Packet Visualization IDS RainStorm: Visualizing IDS Alarms Visualizing Network Data for Intrusion Detection Passive Visual Fingerprinting of Network Attack Tools Kulsoom has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Science Intensive Data Science Intensive Intro to Data Science Machine Learning Kulsoom has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Intro to Data Science & Machine Learning Machine Learning Model Building and Validation Kulsoom has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Arabic Pashto Urdu Kulsoom has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Georgia Tech Barbell Club Georgia Tech Women's Choir Interests DataKind 3,290 followers ADP 390,608 followers University of Central Florida 213,437 followers Visual Analytics 17,520 members The Burnett Honors College Official Alumni Group 971 members Anidata 4 followers See all See all following
More Actions Pavithra has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Pavithra G Ramesh Data Scientist at RealPage, Inc. RealPage, Inc. The Ohio State University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highly motivated individual with 3+ years of experience in data driven modeling with quantitative and qualitative interpretation of data seeking exciting opportunities in Applied Operations Research/Analytics areas.• Proficient in data analysis tools: SAS, R, Python, MINITAB, TreeAge, PrecisionTree• Strengths also include knowledge of MS Office, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, AMPL, SharePoint Designer (workflows), Ab Initio• Quick learner with the ability to work without supervision • Trustworthy, ethical and committed to service• Excellent leadership, organizational and communication skills• Adaptable to change and extremely reliable with attention to detail See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name RealPage, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Richardson, TX Data Scientist Company Name Hewlett Packard Enterprise Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Plano, TX Graduate Associate Company Name University of Texas at Dallas Dates Employed Aug 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos • Optimization of retail assortment in light of inventory inaccuracy• Understanding consumer behavior to improve retail and to determine optimal markdown and every day low price Graduate Teaching Associate Company Name The Ohio State University Dates Employed Aug 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos ISE3200 Linear and Integer Programming (U) - Spring 2014ISE5200 Introduction to Linear Optimization(G) - Fall 2013Responsibilities include designing the lab syllabus, teaching lab sessions and recitation, assisting the instructor in preparing and grading assignments, projects and exams, and holding office hours. Behavioral Analyst-Consultant Company Name Kellogg Company - Morning Star Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Zanesville, OH The primary goal was to understand how people in the supply chain affected the production process and/or duration. The key elements comprise: - Identification of various bottlenecks of the Stock Keeping Unit (SKU) 's production process. - Observe the key activities in different products, phases, activities and mixers. - Analyze the data from the Time-Motion Study and work out actionable solution.Value added and non-value added tasks within the processes are being identified and analyzed by means of value stream mapping and a Time and Motion study. See more positions Education The Ohio State University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Operations Research Grade 3.72/4.00 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Activities and Societies: INFORMS Student Chapter Board Member Minor: StatisticsAreas of Specialization: Predictive Analytics, Statistical Modeling, Supply Chain, Operations Research methods, Statistics, Lean Thinking, Decision Analysis, Design of Experiments SRM University Degree Name Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) Field Of Study Industrial Biotechnology Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Areas of Specialization: Bio-process optimization with a focus on the Food Industry, Ethics, Intellectual Property Rights & Patents, Applied Statistics, Bioinformatics Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan Senior Secondary School Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 2008 Activities and Societies: School President - elected for the academic year 2007-08 Featured Skills & Endorsements Bayesian methods Bayesian methods No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 32 endorsements for Data Analysis 32 Data Analysis Endorsed by Jeffrey Strickland, Ph.D., CMSP and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Pavithra’s colleagues at The Ohio State University Click and drag to reorder skills Operations Research See 18 endorsements for Operations Research 18 Operations Research Endorsed by Jeffrey Strickland, Ph.D., CMSP, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Pavithra’s colleagues at The Ohio State University Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Pavithra has 18 courses 18 Expand courses section Courses Applied Regression Analysis Bayesian Data Analysis Bio-process Optimization Bioinformatics Biostatistics Decision Analysis Design of Experiments Discrete Data Analysis Econometrics Electricity Market Analytics Pavithra has 7 certifications 7 Expand certifications section Certifications Getting Started with Python Python Data Structures Mapr Hadoop Developer HP Vertica Solutions Business Intelligence - Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE) The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Pavithra has 6 projects 6 Expand projects section Projects Study of the effects of product complexity on food processing industries Heuristic Algorithms for the Uncapacitated Facility Location Problem: A Survey Significant Factors Associated with the Completion of HPV Vaccine Regimen Regression Analysis of Fuel Consumption in 48 states of the USA Production and Inventory Optimization Work Analysis of Phlebotomists Pavithra has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Indian Student Leader Representative Board Member Five-year Central Sector Scholarship Merit Scholarship Pavithra has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Tamil Pavithra has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication "The State of Natural Gas as a Transportation Fuel in the United States" Pavithra has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score GMAT Interests Buckeyes Alumni Group 2,001 members Gray Matter Analytics 288 followers Big Data 5,065,070 followers Flutura Decision Sciences & Analytics 2,341 followers Maxsys Financial Solutions, LLC 1,644 followers Coursera 172,371 followers See all See all following
More Actions Robert has a account Robert Coop Sr. Data Scientist at Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. University of Tennessee-Knoxville Atlanta, Georgia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Currently working as a data scientist with Stanley Black & Decker.Graduated from the doctorate program at the University of Tennessee at Knoxville with a Computer Engineering major. Focused on machine learning, artificial intelligence, genetic algorithms, and generalized pattern recognition.Specialties: Data mining, neural networks, genetic algorithms, artificial intelligence and machine learning methods, data modeling and probabilistic prediction, statistical and theoretical pattern recognition, process optimization See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Data Scientist Company Name Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Working with the Digital Accelerator group in order to build out data science teams and technologies. Sr. Data Scientist Company Name State Farm Dates Employed May 2013 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Advocating for and improving advanced analytic techniques at State Farm. Applying machine learning techniques to "big data" and providing analytics and knowledge discovery. Doctoral Student Company Name University of Tennessee Dates Employed Aug 2008 – May 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Knoxville, Tennessee Doctoral student, computer engineering. Primarily studying artificial intelligence, machine learning, neural networks, genetic algorithms, data mining, robotics. Working in the Machine Intelligence Lab (http://mil.engr.utk.edu/) doing research as well as managing the lab's high-performance computing cluster. Senior Computer Scientist, Lead Developer Company Name RTSync Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Sierra Vista, Arizona Lead developer for simulation development environment, including implementing a discrete event system specification (DEVS) simulator, designing and implementing the development GUI, and implementing a domain-specific language which can be transformed into simulatable model objects.Contract work performed for multiple projects. Projects include: the Complex Event Modeling Simulation &Analysis (CEMSA) architecture developed for Lockheed-Martin under contract from Department of Homeland Security; Distributed Instrumentation Test Environment (DTIE) created for the Joint Interoperability Testing Center (under the Defense Information Systems Agency, Department of Defense) Researcher Company Name Oak Ridge National Laboratory Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Worked directly under reseacher Dr. James Nutaro as a researcher on various projects. Projects included: modeling and predicting brain tumor growth using machine learning techniques, discrete event simulations for forest fires, DEVS simulation systems (RTI/HLA based) for military testing purposes, and developing user-friendly applications for modeling industrial processes.Work was completed under the Higher Education Research Experience (HERE) program and the Advanced Short-Term Research Opportunity (ASTRO) program See more positions Education University of Tennessee-Knoxville Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Computer Engineering (Concentration in Machine Learning) Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Machine Intelligence Lab Studying machine learning and artificial intelligence, with a focus in neural networks, genetic algorithms, and reinforcement learning. University of Tennessee-Knoxville Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering (concentration in Intelligent Control) Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Machine Intelligence Lab Focus in machine learning techniques, artificial intelligence, neural networks, genetic algorithms, signal detection and estimation, pattern recognition, and data modeling and probabilistic prediction. University of Tennessee, Knoxville Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Mock Trial Team Minor in Philosophy Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 39 endorsements for Machine Learning 39 Machine Learning Endorsed by Itamar Arel, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Robert’s colleagues at State Farm ® Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 24 endorsements for Data Mining 24 Data Mining Endorsed by Sachin Shinde and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Robert’s colleagues at State Farm ® Click and drag to reorder skills Artificial Intelligence See 23 endorsements for Artificial Intelligence 23 Artificial Intelligence Endorsed by 2 of Robert’s colleagues at State Farm ® Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (0) Randy Stiles CEO / Founder at In Formation, Inc. January 11, 2013, Randy was a client of Robert’s Robert Coop quickly mastered several complex java applications and new approaches for us, and delivered quality results. He was adaptive, energetic, and effective in the Java development roles he performed for me. Dane Hall Senior Engineer at RTSync December 6, 2012, Dane managed Robert directly Robert quickly grasps what is needed and rapidly formulates and implements solutions for several complex computer platforms. He has proven himself extremely capable and good to work with. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Robert has 14 courses 14 Expand courses section Courses Applied Linear Algebra: Engineering Systems Bayesian Statistics I Data Mining Detection/Estimation Theory Discrete Event Systems Graphical Models in Artificial Intelligence Mathematical Modeling Nonlinear Systems Theory Optimization (Computer Engineering Applications) Optimization (Mathematical Theory) Robert has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Mitigation of catastrophic interference in neural networks using a fixed expansion layer Mapping the Landscape of Human-Level Artificial General Intelligence Functional Analysis and Prediction of Brain Tumor Growth DeSTIN: A Scalable Deep Learning Architecture with Application to High-Dimensional Robust Pattern Recognition Robert has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Functional Analysis of Cellular Automata Interests Pulse 1,535,162 followers Big Data and Analytics 330,668 members University of Tennessee, Knoxville 24,991 members Artificial Intelligence in Trading 6,409 members CAN Capital 8,366 followers Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. 110,798 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Jones Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft The University of Texas at Austin Greater Seattle Area 204 204 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Mining and Analysis | Program Management | Software Design and DevelopmentDynamic, customer focused and results-oriented senior program manager, researcher and inventor, with Fortune 100 and academic experience, conceptualizes solutions and manages complex development programs in global environments. Direct and genial program leader builds relationships and credibility quickly with partners, stakeholders and customers at all organizational levels while managing multiple simultaneous projects. Analytical leader with resourceful problem-solving skills leverages research with a deep analysis of customer needs and wants to drive valued product changes.CSS Layout ▪ Distributed Software Agents Research ▪ Partnership Management ▪ Bug Testing ▪ Public SpeakingCoalition Formation ▪ Customer Advocacy ▪ Reputation and Expertise Identification ▪ Machine LearningTeam Training and Development ▪ Customer Engagement ▪ Documentation ▪ Agile/Scrum MethodologiesTECHNOLOGYJava, C/C++, HTML/JavaScript/CSS, C#, Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, PERL, AWK, Product Studio, Visual Studio, Eclipse, Word, PowerPoint, Excel, SQL, COSMOS See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist, Operating Systems Group Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Leveraged data science and machine learning expertise to solve partner problems as part of a rapidly growing team within the Microsoft Operating Systems Group.Brought data science perspective to engineering process questions, and fostered a wider use of data science within the organization. Advanced Placement Computer Science Teacher Company Name Marshall School, Tech. Educ. and Literacy in Schools (TEALS) Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Virtual Created course curriculum, including lectures, tests, homework and projects, and taught a Java class using Eclipse IDE to high school students via Lync. Managed remote teaching assistant team for pilot program.- Recognized by students and faculty for relatable teaching style and for engendering a passion for software engineering Chief Data Analyst Company Name Unnamed Startup Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Served as an advisor for an early stage startup to develop a mobile application that helps users coordinate socially. Utilized HTML, CSS and JavaScript in an XDK development environment to produce initial iPhone app prototype; contribute to development of prototype app’s user interface (UI). Conducted research on data mining and machine learning to devise data strategies. Program Manager 2, Windows Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Drove development and testing of Internet Explorer performance and internationalization features; developed prototypes and applications with Visual Studio and tracked bugs with Product Studio. Owned the design, execution and evangelization of Windows 8 styling and layout tools, including CSS Regions, Grid, Multicolumn, Flexbox and Exclusions, in collaborative efforts with Firefox, the W3C CSS working group, and Office and Bing teams. Served as main driver of the magazine layouts scenario. Established customer requirements and mapped to software features; ensured feature team meets code and testing deadlines while communicating and resolving roadblocks. Developed patent application materials. Wrote tutorial code and feature documentation.- Selected to manage IE’s partnership with Adobe Flash while managing feature development- Recognized by internal and external partners for approachability, deep technical skills and architectural issue resolution, as well as ability to see challenges from all perspectives- Developed and presented a talk at BUILD 2011 on Windows 8 HTML styling and layout apps Microcomputer Development Fellowship, Laboratory of Intelligent Processes and Systems Company Name University of Texas at Austin Dates Employed Sep 2005 – May 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Austin, Texas Area University of Texas at Austin, Austin, Texas 9/2005 – 5/2009Researched an agent-based system for project coordination and task completion in uncertain and dynamic environments. Coordinated research involving machine learning, data mining, trust and reputation with private industry research partners. Supervised executive master’s degree students enrolled in an IT project management class. Utilized Eclipse for Java, as well as shell scripting, PERL and Excel for results analysis.- Selected for fellowship as one of the school’s top 10% of PhD students See more positions Education The University of Texas at Austin Degree Name Ph.D Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering, Laboratory of Intelligent Processes and Systems Activities and Societies: Students in Software Engineering Weekly Op-ed Columnist, The Daily Texan (three years) Dissertation: Robust Team Formation Strategies for Dynamic, Contractless EnvironmentsDistributed Systems, Fault-Tolerant Systems, Mobile Computing, Agent-Based Electronic Commerce The University of Texas at Austin Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Thesis: Development of a Hybrid Parallel/Fault-Tolerant Application. Featured Skills & Endorsements Software Engineering See 7 endorsements for Software Engineering 7 Software Engineering Paul Edelman, PhD and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Distributed Systems See 6 endorsements for Distributed Systems 6 Distributed Systems Endorsed by 2 of Chris’ colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 5 endorsements for Java 5 Java Endorsed by 3 of Chris’ colleagues at The University of Texas at Austin Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Kathy Kam Android Developer Platform March 8, 2014, Kathy was senior to Chris but didn’t manage directly Kathy was an absolutely stellar Program Manager to work with and to learn from. She has mastered the art of getting things done in a complex technical and political organization while still remaining well-liked throughout the team. As a PM, she was more than capable of keeping up technically with her developer counterparts, and did a fine job of balancing their domain strengths with her business goal knowledge. As a mentor, she did a great job of embodying Malcom Gladwell's "Connector" archetype, and I have benefited a great deal from emulating her example. Accomplishments Chris has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Stand Out With Styling in Your HTML App Combining Job and Team Selection Heuristics. Autonomous Agents and Multi-Agent Systems (AAMAS) Reader app (JavaScript and HTML) Chris has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Content Flow Through Containers Interests University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 340,730 followers Pulse 1,535,161 followers The University of Texas at Austin 420,867 followers Microsoft 3,687,173 followers University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 330,949 followers The University of Texas at Austin 395,543 followers
More Actions Bahram has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Bahram Zahir Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft Telecom ParisTech Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent PhD. in Communications and Electronics Engineering; 20+ years of experience in industry and academia, with technical and management roles; entrepreneurial experience and mindset.Specialties: Machine Learning, Modelling, Simulation, Signal Processing, Algorithm Design, Wireless Systems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Bahram’s Articles & Activity 2,860 followers SUTA newsletter #75 has been published Bahram Zahir on LinkedIn See all articles Self-regulation - a privilege NOT a right Bahram liked If you live in the Greater Seattle Area, consider joining us for this amazing event, featuring Dr. Firooz Partovi and his son, Hadi. Bahram shared this See all activity Experience Senior Data and Applied Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Redmond, WA R&D in simulation, optimization, forecasting, visualization and other data science fields Adjunct Professor Company Name Ryerson University Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Performing research;Gave a few long distance courses;Co-supervised masters thesis; Senior Advisor Company Name HartNamtemah Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Ottawa, Canada Area Gave advice to the company on the business development Consulting Data Scientist Company Name Symcor Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Mississauga, Ontario, Canada Fraud detection and trust in financial sector Principal Engineer and Data Scientist Company Name Avicenna Solutions Dates Employed May 2010 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada Engineering, educational and scientific consultancy See more positions Education Telecom ParisTech Degree Name PhD (doctorat) Field Of Study Communications & Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Horseback riding group Worked on joint source-channel coding. Institut national polytechnique de Grenoble Degree Name MSc (DEA) Field Of Study Signal Processing Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Swimming Worked on speech coding and vocoders. Sharif University of Technology Degree Name BSc Field Of Study Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1989 Activities and Societies: Basketball team, swimming team, mountain climbing group Final thesis: design and implementation of an LPC vocoder. See more education Volunteer Experience Secretary Company Name Sharif University of Technology Association (SUTA) Dates volunteered Jan 2011 – Jan 2013 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Cause Science and Technology President Company Name Sharif University of Technology Association (SUTA) Dates volunteered Jan 2013 – Jan 2015 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Cause Science and Technology Skills Machine Learning Machine Learning Click and drag to reorder skills Pattern Recognition Pattern Recognition Click and drag to reorder skills Signal Processing Signal Processing Click and drag to reorder skills Speech Processing Speech Processing Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (8) Shahram ShahbazPanahi Professor at UOIT June 17, 2011, Bahram worked with Shahram in the same group An an academician, Bahram is visionory professional who has always new ideas on how to improve educational systems. As an Engineer, he is a leader. Mohammad Akbar Chief Technology Officer, Rayonnance Technologies March 16, 2006, Mohammad reported directly to Bahram I worked with Bahram for about 2 years in ERC (we left Iran together at 1994) Amongst all research projects he was involved in, he managed a group of 6 engineers (includuing me) building a complete low bandwidth digital voice communication system. His rational and pragmatic approach and his sens of management and leadership are always a key to success of projects he is involved in. Mathew Shulman Actively hiring for Software Developers in the GTA, All technologies! Mathew@TalentTankRecruiting.com June 10, 2014, Bahram worked with Mathew but at different companies Mathew is a person with whom it is fun to work; he is helpful, and works hard. I had the pleasure of having him helping me during my recent job transition. Aras Azimipanah Electrical Engineering, Medical Devices January 23, 2013, Bahram was Aras’ teacher Aras was an extremely motivated student, with some degree of stubbornness to make happen something that seems quite impossible to do. He has a solid signal processing and math background, and very outgoing and socially active. He was one of the best undergraduate students I had at the university of Kurdistan. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Bahram has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications Adaptive, scalable and robust watermarking for wavelet-based progressive image transmission Intelligent Scalable Image Watermarking Robust Against Progressive DWT-based Compression Using Genetic Algorithms A Steganalysis Algorithm Based on Denoising of Source Image Using ICA and SVM Blind Image Steganalysis Based on Local Information and Human Visual System Robust Vector Quantizer Design Using Self Organizing Neural Networks Speaker Independent Speech Recognition Using Hidden Markov Model for Persian Isolated Words Bahram has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French Kurdish Persian Bahram has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Sharif University of Technology Association (SUTA) IEEE CSIEA - Ottawa Bahram has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Fellowship from the French Government (1994-1999) Khwarazmi Award (Speech Processing Team; ERC; Sharif University of Technology) Bahram has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Method and apparatus for call event processing in a multiple processor call processing system Interests Via Science 1,055 followers Microsoft 3,687,174 followers University of Toronto School of Continuing Studies 3,762 followers Empty Cubicle Inc. 490 followers OPTA Information Intelligence 2,959 followers The Weather Network 13,946 followers See all See all following
More Actions Adithya has a account Adithya Rajan Data Scientist at Garmin International Garmin International Arizona State University Olathe, Kansas 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent PROFILEI am an expert in the area of statistical signal processing and statistical learning. This is partly a result of my educational background - I was awarded a Ph.D for my work in statistical signal processing applied to wireless communication systems. I have a lot of interest and professional experience in predictive modeling and machine learning algorithms applied to big data problems. __________________________________________________________________________TECHNICAL SKILLS Functional knowledge of: Machine learning, learning algorithms, system optimization, digital image processing, Big data processing using the Hadoop stack. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Garmin International Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Olathe, Kansas I am part of the research and development team at Garmin, and am responsible for the designing and providing machine learning solutions to big data problems arising in Garmin's fitness and wellness sectors. Specifically, I strive toward developing a conceptual model, incorporating a prototype and producing an implementation of the proposed algorithm using big data platforms such as Hadoop. In addition, my other responsibilities include the following: • Encourage and facilitate product concept exploration and innovative engineering solutions• Develop advanced concepts, prototypes, and innovative systems via internal knowledge, customer interaction, and user focus groups • Explore new and existing technologies to identify integration opportunities in current and future products• Contribute to the creation of prototypes that demonstrate the function and/or viability of a product or technology• Inspire Garmin’s team members by encouraging and facilitating healthy relationships within and across team disciplines and business segments to enhance openness, community and cross-pollination • Provide reliable solutions to a variety of problems using sound problem solving techniques• Provide leadership for brainstorming activities Member of Technical Staff Company Name Digital Compression Technology, LLC Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Herndon, VA Responsible for complete system design of back-haul system including analysis and simulation.Involved in the testing and troubleshooting of learning algorithms such as neural networks.Stability analysis of subsystems such as gradient descent equalizer, phase locked loops.Performed massively parallel simulations on multi-GPU cluster using MATLAB and CUDA. Summer Intern Company Name Broadcom Dates Employed May 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater San Diego Area I worked on developing and providing proof of concept of a new transmit side power control algorithm for IEEE 802.11ac WiFi chipset. Research Technologist Company Name Biodesign Institute Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Tempe, Arizona Developed a system for offline processing of fruit-fly embryo images to detect patterns of interest.Implemented a classifier for anomaly detection in embryo images. Education Arizona State University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Statistical signal processing/Wireless Communications Grade 3.96/4.00 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: IEEE 1. Pioneered a new sub-field in wireless communications, which draws a parallel between actuarial/financial science and wireless communications. This technique, called stochastic ordering, is now used for wireless system comparison and asymptotic performance analysis of wireless systems. (7 IEEE publications)2. Established that the industrial standard in combining schemes for multi-antenna communication is highly sub-optimal under RF interference, and proposed a new low-complexity implementable scheme which performs almost optimally. (1 IEEE publication) Media (2) This position has 2 media A New Representation for the Symbol Error Rate A New Representation for the Symbol Error Rate This media is a document Stochastic ordering of Fading channels Stochastic ordering of Fading channels This media is a document Arizona State University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Communications and Signal Processing Grade 3.74/4.00 Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 My master's thesis addressed the problem of efficient wireless communication in the presence of heavy radio frequency (RF) interference. Media (1) This position has 1 media IEEE Xplore - Error Page IEEE Xplore - Error Page This media is a link Sathyabama University Degree Name BE Field Of Study Electronics and Communications Engineering Grade 86/100 Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Bachelor's degree in electronics and communications engineering Volunteer Experience President Company Name SPICMACAY Dates volunteered Sep 2013 – Sep 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Arts and Culture I served as the president of a volunteer driven student group called SPICMACAY whose mission and vision is to promote Indian classical music and arts in the local community. We actively worked to host numerous classical music and dance concerts featuring eminent artists from India. I volunteered as a member of the group from 2012 to 2013, and took over as the leader from 2013 to 2014. Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 8 endorsements for Machine Learning 8 Machine Learning Sivaraman Dasarathan and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 1 endorsement for Java 1 Java Sivaraman Dasarathan has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 14 endorsements for Matlab 14 Matlab Endorsed by Jayaraman J. Thiagarajan and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Adithya has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Machine Learning Machine learning for Trading Interests LitePoint 7,329 followers Careers: Getting Started 4,327,294 followers InvenSense, Inc. 16,306 followers National Renewable Energy Laboratory 48,352 followers MoTek Technologies 19,802 followers Deepak Chopra MD (official)Deepak Chopra MD (official) is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chopra Foundation 4,990,495 followers See all See all following
More Actions Niall has a account Niall Martin Data Scientist Google University of Cambridge Ireland 390 390 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I have a PhD in energy engineering from the University of Cambridge, where I developed statistical algorithms for machine learning. Coming from a data-driven environment, I'm trained to deliver solutions that are backed by rigorous modeling and deep contextual understanding.Skills/interests:• statistical analysis,• energy and fuel consumption,• analytic insights,• data driven solutions,• risk analysis and the communication of results. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist, Trust & Safety Company Name Google Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Dublin Insight Fellow Company Name Insight Data Science Dates Employed Nov 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Palo Alto • Worked with Zidisha, a non-profit startup, to detect peer to peer micro-loan fraud.• Identified new features to predict new borrowers defaulting.• Generated algorithms to estimate the likelihood of borrower's defaulting using Python, MySQL, and scikit-learn. • Results from random forest classification and gradient boosted decision trees adopted by Zidisha to adjust lending policy. Researcher PHD Student Company Name University of Cambridge Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Cambridge, United Kingdom • Developed model to quantify discrepancies between rated and on-road fuel economy in passenger cars. • Used Machine Learning techniques to predict how manufacturers optimise their vehicles to the testing standards • Utilised Bayesian regression to quantify risk. Consulting Data Scientist Company Name Arup-Mitsui Sustainable Projects Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Milton Keynes, United Kingdom • Recruited as external consultant for Milton Keynes Electric Bus Project• Successfully conceived, designed, and implemented automated data collection system to budget and schedule. Media (2) This position has 2 media BBC News - Wirelessly charged electric buses set for Milton Keynes BBC News - Wirelessly charged electric buses set for Milton Keynes This media is a link World's most demanding electric bus route launched in Milton Keynes World's most demanding electric bus route launched in Milton Keynes This media is a link Education University of Cambridge Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Data Science and Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Member of the Cambridge Union debating society • Developed model to quantify discrepancies between rated and on-road fuel economy in passenger cars. • Used Machine Learning techniques to predict how manufacturers optimise their vehicles to the testing standards • Utilised Bayesian regression to quantify risk. Media (1) This position has 1 media Energy Efficient Cities initiative Energy Efficient Cities initiative This media is a link Imperial College London Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Sustainable Energy Futures Grade Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Detailed analysis of energy technologies and economics. University College Cork Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.Eng.) Field Of Study Environmental Engineering Technology Grade Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 18 endorsements for Statistics 18 Statistics Endorsed by Denton DeLoss and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Niall’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science See 11 endorsements for Data Science 11 Data Science Endorsed by Zheyun Liu, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Niall’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 10 endorsements for Machine Learning 10 Machine Learning Endorsed by 9 of Niall’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Niall has 14 courses 14 Expand courses section Courses A/B Testing Applied Bayesian Statistics Applied Elasticity Applied Mathematics Applied Statistics Computer Programming & Problem Solving Entrepreneurship in Renewable Energy Low Carbon Technologies Machine Learning by Andrew Ng Mathematical Statistics Niall has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications How Well Do We Know the Future of CO2 Emissions? Projecting Fleet Emissions from Light Duty Vehicle Technology Drivers. Emissions, Performance and Design of UK Passenger Vehicles Quantifying the role of vehicle size, powertrain technology, activity and consumer behaviour on new UK passenger vehicle fleet energy use and emissions under different policy objectives Can UK passenger vehicles meet 2020 emissions targets? A novel methodology to forecast fuel consumption with uncertainty analysis Forecasting passenger fleet fuel consumption Cost-effectiveness of alternative powertrains for reduced energy use and emissions in passenger vehicles Niall has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Ford Trust Research Grant EPSRC Engineering Research Fellowship Academic Scholar Academic Scholar Niall has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Irish Interests Airbnb 359,094 followers Imperial College London 154,883 followers Kaggle 30,757 followers Apple 3,419,352 followers Palantir Technologies 49,714 followers Amazon 2,206,036 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joel has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Joel Wilson Marketing Data Scientist Matchbox.io Harvard University Washington, District Of Columbia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Joel Wilson is both a Data Architect and Data Scientist with over twenty years of experience working primarily with marketing clients focused on improving their marketing investment. His skills include a deep knowledge of many programming languages, including SQL, Python, JavaScript and R; expertise in cloud data infrastructure and Amazon Web Services; Data Warehousing and data manipulation; and an ability to “tell a story” with statistical techniques on large-scale data, from linear regressions to neural networks. Joel has an entrepreneurial spirit and enjoys learning new ways of working with and understanding data. He sees data as a way of understanding the world around us and has a passion for exploring it for its hidden patterns. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Joel’s Articles & Activity 772 followers The Marketing Data Scientist: Understanding Identity and Action Joel Wilson on LinkedIn See 1 more article How Machine Learning Can Improve Your Next Direct Mail Campaign Joel shared this See all activity Experience Founder & Data Scientist Company Name Matchbox.io Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Founder and principle consultant for numerous marketing clients. • Implemented several machine learning solutions on the Spark ML platform, utilizing algorithms such as Linear Regression, Logistic Regression and Neural Networks. • Configured and maintained large Data Science infrastructure using both Amazon AWS and Spark on the Databricks platform. • Implemented a Tableau reporting solution utilizing AWS Redshift and MongoDB. • Created Identity Resolution solutions for multiple clients using a combination Natural Language Processing (NLP), Linear and Logistic Regressions and Neural Networks, utilizing PySpark and R. Data Architect Company Name KnowledgeBase Marketing Group Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area • Provided technical leadership for database marketing initiatives.• Designed and implemented campaign solution utilizing Unica Campaign and Oracle Exadata.• Modeled Data Warehouse and Data Marts. Associate Director, Solution Architecture Company Name Merkle Inc Dates Employed Apr 2003 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos • Designed, implemented and optimized a number of campaign solutions, utilizing Alterian, Epiphany, Business Objects and MicroStrategy.• Responsible for the technical oversight of eight key accounts representing over $3MM in yearly revenue, 42 servers and 15 terabytes of data.• Designed database marketing solutions for some of the largest and most demanding clients.• Led and mentored a team of eleven developers.• Establishment new development standards and processes, improving quality, team efficiency and morale.• Created several new and innovative approaches to challenging data integration needs.• Maintained scope and cost as integral part of the requirement gathering process.• Designed and developed custom ETL processes and meta data, enabling the automation and integration of hundreds of data layouts.• Delivered multiple full life-cycle solutions on time and under budget, with exceptional profit margins, while breaking new ground in methodologies and best practices.• Implemented new standards in configuration management, enabling code re-use, versioning and branching. Database Developer and Consultant Company Name Election Data Services Dates Employed Jan 2001 – Apr 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos • Migrated years of historical election data from multiple formats, including flat files, spreadsheets and FoxPro tables, into a centralized Microsoft SQL Server data warehouse.• Consulted for several state and local governments, including the city of Chicago and the states of Illinois, Iowa, Arizona, Louisiana, and Rhode Island.• Designed and built demographic databases based on data from the 2000 U.S. Census.• Developed statistical models and programs using SPSS and S-Plus.• Designed and developed election returns entry application, utilizing Visual Basic and MS SQL Server. Policy Analyst Company Name Arizona House of Representatives Dates Employed 1997 – 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs • Appointed by the Speaker of the House to the Legislative Conference Redistricting Taskforce.• Designed and built the redistricting database for the House Majority utilizing Microsoft SQL Server.• Constructed statistical models to evaluate election results based on various redistricting plans in SPSS.• Advised state and Congressional campaign staff on voter list selection and voter data management. Education Harvard University Degree Name Graduate Certificate in Data Science University of North Texas Field Of Study Philosophy and Political Science Skills Apache Spark Apache Spark Click and drag to reorder skills Python Python Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning Machine Learning Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics Statistics Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Patti Sanders Talent Development Partner at Merkle November 30, 2009, Joel worked with Patti in the same group I've worked with Joel over the past five years on several new data warehouse builds, as well as enhancing existing client solutions. Joel's integrity and passion around building the right solution for the client sets him apart from others in his role. He helps drive standards to make solutions efficient while not making shortcuts to quality. His ability to communicate with the program manager, developers, qa, and other key roles helps keep the ball rolling smoothly. Joel stays involved from the beginning throughout the build of a project - showing his committment and passion around delivering the 'right' solution. He takes personal ownership and pride in his own and his team's work. I'd strongly recommend Joel and hope that I have a chance to work with him again in the future. Patrick Theurer Senior Director at Navient November 3, 2009, Patrick managed Joel directly Joel was one of the most skilled technical professionals I have ever had the pleasure to work with. As Joel progressed in his career, he managed to take on new challenges in managing a wide array of developers while maintaining his technical skills. He was the first person I would turn to whenever facing technical issues. He has an excellent ability to design techincal solutions and his problem solving skills are first rate. I would enthusiatically work with Joel again. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Joel has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Apache Spark Big Data Analysis with Apache Spark Data Science and Engineering with Spark Distributed Machine Learning with Spark Machine Learning for Data Science and Analytics Joel has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Identity Politics in the 2016 Election Interests Rockville Economic Development, Inc. (REDI) 490 followers Ansira 4,844 followers Merkle 31,313 followers Excella Consulting 2,479 followers List Brokers 18,396 members Restful Web Services 4,299 members See all See all following
More Actions Emre has a account Emre Motan Data Scientist at Facebook Facebook Northwestern University Seattle, Washington 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Scientist + Software Engineer + People Person Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Seattle, WA I help nearly five million businesses get more value from connecting with nearly two billion people.Facebook is a fantastic place to work - reach out if you would like to learn more. Board Member - Sponsorship Chair Company Name The Data Warehousing Institute (TDWI) Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Seattle, WA Cultivate relationships with new and existing corporate sponsors for TDWI Seattle events. Organizer, Founder Company Name Seattle BI Meetup Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Seattle, WA Organize a local Meetup group focusing on sharing knowledge related to BI and analytics.http://www.meetup.com/The-Seattle-Business-Intelligence-Meetup/ Business Intelligence Advisory Board Member Company Name University of Washington Dates Employed May 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Seattle, WA Advise the School of Continuing Education on the curriculum of the Business Intelligence Certificate Program. Lead BI Engineer Company Name Innovista Health Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Remote On a part-time basis, I consult for Innovista Health leading the development of a data warehouse. See more positions Education Northwestern University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Biomedical Engineering, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Naperville North High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Warehousing See 42 endorsements for Data Warehousing 42 Data Warehousing Endorsed by Jacob Saunders and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Emre’s colleagues at University of Washington Click and drag to reorder skills SSIS See 26 endorsements for SSIS 26 SSIS Hao Yan and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills ETL See 26 endorsements for ETL 26 ETL Hao Yan and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Emre has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Part 1 Machine Learning R Programming The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Emre has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Turkish Interests Casual Games 25,740 members Northwestern University Alumni 46,885 members University of Washington - School of Medicine 45,810 followers University of Washington, Henry M. Jackson School of International Studies 11,365 followers Innovista Health 91 followers PASS - The Community for Data Professionals 19,024 members See all See all following
More Actions Diego has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Diego Marinho de Oliveira Lead Data Scientist and Software Engineer at SEEK SEEK Universidade Aberta Melbourne, Victoria, Australia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Diego’s Articles & Activity 14,682 followers Neural Ranking Models with Weak Supervision Diego Marinho de Oliveira on LinkedIn See 490 more articles Automated Machine Learning — A Paradigm Shift That Accelerates Data Scientist Productivity @ Airbnb Diego shared this The world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data Diego liked Neural Ranking Models with Weak Supervision Diego liked a comment See all activity Experience Lead Data Scientist and Software Engineer Company Name SEEK Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Melbourne, Australia Designing matching algorithms to recommend job-ads for job-seekers Lead Data Scientist and Software Engineer Company Name SEEK Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 11 mos Location São Paulo Area, Brazil Designing matching algorithms to recommend job-ads for job-seekers Lead Data Scientist, Specialist Innovation Company Name Catho Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Barueri, São Paulo Catho is the largest employment website in Brazil and is part of SEEK international group. As part of innovation group at Catholabs my responsabilities are about creation of novel Recommender Systems, uses Natural Language Processing (NLP) algorithms to solve real problems, perform complex analysis and apply Machine Learning techniques in non-trivial tasks. To complete these challenges our group work with a massive amount of data and we adopt Big Data solutions to deploy high-quality products with state-of-art algorithms. Principal Data Scientist Company Name Aplazame Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Madrid Area, Spain Software Engineer / Machine Learning Specialist / Data Scientist Company Name Appus Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Porto Alegre Area, Brazil Machine Learning Engineer, Data Scientist and Software Engineer at RBS Group startup. RBS Group is a telecommunication company, that its main businesses are TV, radio and newspaper. In one of its segments, Appus startup is betting on well skilled employees that are able to create analytical solutions from a pool of information. Thus, the professional is acting and proposing the use of the latest technologies for Big Data as Map-Reduce (Hadoop, Apache Spark), NoSQL databases (ElasticSearch, MongoDB, CouchDB, Redis), cloud computing (Amazon Web Service Cloud and Google Cloud), high performance scientific programing languages (Python, Java, Scala, C, C++ and R) to develop complete solutions for simulations, forecasting, classification and data clusterization. Specifically, the professional is working in all phases that comprise an analytical solution: a. information retrieval (collect data from Web in parallel and distributed algorithms and machine architecture); b. preprocessing data (make transformations, extract entities, topics, features, etc); c. analysis (create theoretical and empirical mathematical models for forecast, classification, etc); d. data visualization (make dashboards and reports in intelligent way). See more positions Education Universidade Aberta Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Applied Mathematics and Modeling Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Create mathematical models, apply mathematics to real world problems, develop new mathematical models, optimization. Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais / UFMG Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Computer Science Grade A Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Statistical and Probabilistic analysis, Information Extraction, Machine Learning, Named Entity Recognition, Conditional Random Fields, InWeb, Database Laboratory, International Neural Network Society. Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Software Engineering Grade A Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 Activities and Societies: Software Engineering, Usability, Software Process, Sistematic Literature Review See more education Volunteer Experience Introduction Course of Machine Learning with Artificial Neural Networks Company Name Pontifícia Universidade Católica de Minas Gerais Dates volunteered 2007 – 2007 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Education Promote, protect, and advance the Python programming language and community Company Name Python Software Foundation Dates volunteered Apr 2014 – Apr 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology The Python Software Foundation is an organization devoted to advancing open source technology related to the Python programming language. Data Scientist Promoter Company Name Data Science Association Dates volunteered Dec 2014 – Dec 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology To promote data science to improve life, business and government. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommender Systems See 21 endorsements for Recommender Systems 21 Recommender Systems Paulo Sérgio and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Scala See 27 endorsements for Scala 27 Scala Endorsed by Vipul Rai and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Apache Spark See 17 endorsements for Apache Spark 17 Apache Spark Endorsed by Flávio Mariano A P Carvalho, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Diego has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications FS-NER: A Lightweight Filter-Stream Approach to Named Entity Recognition on Twitter Data Filter-Stream Named Entity Recognition: A Case Study at the #MSM2013 Concept Extraction Challenge Applying neural networks to determine the socio-environmental factors responsible for potable water consumption Novas Perspectivas no Contexto da Arquitetura de Computadores - Softwares Educacionais para o Paradigma da Computação Paralela The usage of Artificial Neural Networks in the classification and forecast of potable water consumption Diego has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Français Portuguese Spanish Diego has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Student Medal for Excellence Interests A3Data 83 followers Intel Corporation 879,866 followers Universidade de São Paulo 295,594 followers Eindhoven University of Technology 67,413 followers Walt Disney World 240,861 followers Codenvy 511 followers See all See all following
More Actions HIMANSHU has a account HIMANSHU RAI Data Scientist-Layer6.AI|Graduate Student University of Toronto|Machine Learning|Deep Learning Researcher Layer 6 AI University of Toronto Toronto, Ontario, Canada 293 293 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Machine learning researcher. Working specifically in deep learning. Present role involves researching and building deep learning models for building recommender systems. Also interested in generative modelling.Two years of experience in working towards building different components of a network management system. Very good hand on experience in technologies like Hibernate and Springs in Java. Worked as full stack developer in building datacenter topology in one of CISCO's NMS. Completed courses in Machine Learning,Natural Language Processing, Data analytics and advanced databases and Advanced machine learning.Good working experience in the area of computer vision and video surveillance. Developed many novel algorithms in these areas and presented my work at national and international conferences. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} HIMANSHU’S Activity 293 followers How IT influencers can anticipate the needs of today's professionals HIMANSHU liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name Layer 6 AI Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Toronto, Canada Area Building deep learning based Recommender Systems. Software Engineer Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Bengaluru Area, India Worked on a number of backend and frontend technolgies in an extesible metadata platform and developed a number of features in datacenter topology, user-management module and the configuration module of CISCO's several NMSs. Worked on several frameworks in JAVA and JavaScript. Visiting Research Fellow Company Name University of Saskatchewan Dates Employed May 2013 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Saskatchewan, Canada Discovered electroluminescence in plasma processed optoelectronic devices and performed its measurement. Developed the systems for various characterization procedures like C-V, I-V, Photo and electroluminescence. Developed the system for photoluminescence based time resolved spectroscopy. Education University of Toronto Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 Indian Institute of Technology, Patna Degree Name Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Grade 8.93/10 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Delhi Public School Bhilai Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 18 endorsements for Matlab 18 Matlab Endorsed by Peshal Nayak, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Simulink See 8 endorsements for Simulink 8 Simulink Zhaoyue (Joey) Cheng and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C See 26 endorsements for C 26 C Endorsed by Aprajita Arora and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of HIMANSHU’S colleagues at Cisco Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Nitin Duggal Senior Manager - Software Development at Cisco Systems Inc. September 15, 2016, Nitin managed HIMANSHU directly Himanshu worked in the my Team as Software Engineer for more than a Year (From July 2015 - Aug 2016). During his tenure Himanshu showed Great Technical & Analytical skills to Solve difficult Problems. Himanshu has ability to handle multiple Parallel tasks in multiple Complex Components. It was great working with Himanshu and looking forward to work with him again. Sanal Kumar Software Engineer at Cisco Systems August 22, 2016, HIMANSHU worked with Sanal in the same group I have worked with Himanshu for more than a year. He is a quick learner, hard working and able to provide simple and innovative solution to problems. Himanshu is also a great team player.I wish Himanshu the very best for all his future endeavors. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments HIMANSHU has 5 courses 5 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Database Management Systems Communication for Computer Scientists Introduction to Machine Learning Natural Language Computing Probabilistic Learning and Reasoning HIMANSHU has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Sanskrit HIMANSHU has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Trajectory Based Unusual Human Movement Identification for Video Surveillance System Silicon LEDs fabricated using high fluence carbon ion implantation into heated silicon targets Image based arterial wall thickness estimation for abdominal aortic aneurysm rupture risk analysis HIMANSHU has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Addictive Mobility Scholarship National Talent Search Fellow HIMANSHU has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Learning Unsupervised Clustering Models Over Normalized Data FLICKR Dataset Scene Classification Challenge Using Deep Learning HIMANSHU has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score TOEFL Interests Texas Instruments 231,507 followers Schmidt Electric Co., Inc. 41,458 followers Dell 1,419,339 followers Matlab for beginners and experts 9,176 members Indian Institute of Technology, Patna 4,238 followers University of Saskatchewan 68,503 followers See all See all following
More Actions Al has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Al Shain Big Data Architect, Data Scientist, IT Leader A Heuristic Solution, LLP MIT, Professional Education Greater Denver Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A proven technologist with a stellar track record as a visionary. We live in a data driven society consuming bits of information from every conceivable connection, but we lack the intuitiveness to understand its meaning, the content, the implications of decisions yet to be made - this is my passion, making the misunderstood, the under-estimated, the out of focus absolutely clear. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist, Founding Partner Company Name A Heuristic Solution, LLP Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location Parker, CO A Heuristic Solutions, LLP is my own consulting partnership that I founded, along with some really bright people that I've had the pleasure of working with over the years. Now, I'm working with Hashmap Inc. to architect and build a big data solution for Bechtel, one of the most respected global engineering, construction, and project management companies. Always working on Big Data Analytics concepts, that combines empirical statistics with Machine Learning and Computer Vision. This is a really exciting adventure, that may take a few years of development effort but when its finished, it will be able to forecast, predict and understand multiple data feeds in various formats, unlike any of the competition that's out there!Ran a POC proving out how to extract intelligent content from Social Media sources. Solution architecture used Hadoop cluster on Linux, Alchemy API for Content Analytics, Apache Hive, Mahout, HP Vertica, MySQL, and BI dashboard with QlikView (in-memory DB).Focused at creating a Healthcare solution which integrates (Big Data) unstructured content with structured data (ERM, SNOMED, etc.), then applying predictive analytical models that will help healthcare specialists in understanding patient care and the effectiveness of patient treatment. Real world application on "big data" issues that generate impressive results for healthcare programs like COPD, CHF, Cancer Research.See the website for more! Media (1) This position has 1 media Hyooristik Home Page Hyooristik Home Page This media is a link Director, Sr. Data Scientist Company Name Perficient Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater Denver Area I've examined a "more optimal" way of data integration (aka ETL) and was able to find a more productive, cost-efficient, adaptable DI product(s) that lead me back to one of the most influential people I've ever worked with, Mike Kamfonas. As he explained, ETL has two functional components, mapping and program logic; the latter he took a step further, terming it Generative Programming or the ability for a program to generate other programs. In our case, we wanted to generate ETL independent of vendor (Informatica, IBM, MS, Oracle, Talend, etc.). Mike helped us uncover that Mapping has Patterns (for example: source -> stage -> type2 dim), and these patterns repeated themselves over & over again with only changes to metadata. The end result, was that you can optimally create generative programs for ETL based upon common patterns. Cost savings better than 50%, adaptable to nearly any ETL and flexible for any platform (including Big Data). Produced a White Paper on this subject and Webinar. Now I'm focused on delivering Big Data solutions for all of our customers. Media (1) This position has 1 media The Role of Data Lakes in Healthcare.pdf The Role of Data Lakes in Healthcare.pdf This media is a document Practice Director Big Data & Advanced Analytics Company Name Ciber Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos As the Practice Director and Data Scientist for Ciber I am responsible for leading the professional services and sales for Big Data and Advanced Analytics. I have personally developed, led and architected Big Data & Advanced Analytical solutions for numerous key customers delivering integrated solutions that are visual, predictive, prescriptive and descriptive for both structured and unstructured data. Most recently, I managed the team effort, designed, developed, tested and packaged a Big Data & Advanced Analytics solution on the Cloud that would help healthcare specialists measure, understand patient care, & predict the risk of readmissions due to Cardiovascular Heart Disease. The end result combined Cardio Patient Risk dashboards with an operational ER dashboard that simulated a 360 view of the patient/provider relationship.Now expanding my Big Data & Advanced Analytics solution for Healthcare to include the IBM product suite (IBM SPSS, BigInsights, Cognos, Optim, and perhaps even Watson). I'll be building out a solution that analyzes Clinical Trial data as well as building out a HIPAA/PHI Certification service. Enterprise Architect Company Name The Gap Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Francisco, CA Continuing my career as one of the leading principal architects in Information Integration & Data Warehousing at Stream Integration. Bang on the door & we'll chat... Sr. Sales IT Specialist & Principal Architect Company Name IBM Corp Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos As a Principal Technical Architect I designed, developed and managed enterprise BI/DW/ETL strategies for key customers to deliver integrated solutions across the enterprise. As Services Sales Leader I was responsible for the IBM Professional Services sales in the Pacific region, providing IBM Professional Service sales, strategy and support for IBM software & hardware engagements. As Sr. Sales Specialist I drove software deals for over $20M/Q that included business intelligence & analytics, master data management, data integration, data warehousing, and Big Data architectures. See more positions Education MIT, Professional Education Degree Name Certificates Field Of Study Tackling the Challenges of Big Data, The Analytics Edge Grade A Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Course topics in Big Data and Advanced Analytics, looking at data collection (smartphones, sensors, the Web), data storage and processing (scalable relational databases, Hadoop, Spark, etc.), extracting structured data from unstructured data, systems issues (exploiting multicore, security), analytics (machine learning, data compression, efficient algorithms), visualization, and a range of applications.The Analytics Edge examined real world use cases of how analytics have been used to significantly improve a business or industry. Course work included analytic examples from Moneyball, eHarmony, the Framingham Heart Study, Twitter, IBM Watson, and Netflix. Through these examples and more, I learned how to use the following analytics methods: linear regression, logistic regression, trees, text analytics, clustering, visualization, and optimization. University of Colorado Boulder Degree Name BA Field Of Study Computer Applications, Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1989 Major studies in Mathematics with a minor in Computer Application Programming. Senior project involved working with a sponsor (Mathematics Professor at CU) to create a program to compute advanced mathematical matrix algorithms. Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health Degree Name Data Science Specialization Field Of Study Data Science in Public Healthcare Grade A (95%) average Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Activities and Societies: IEEE Completed the Masters Certification for concepts and tools needed throughout the entire data science life cycle, from asking the right kinds of questions to making inferences and publishing results. This was a 36 week, 11 module, intensive, hands-on, web instructed led program covering the principles of Data Science, R Programming, Data Engineering, Exploratory Data Analysis, Reproducible Research, Statistical Inference, Regression Modeling, Practical Machine Learning and developing Data Science Products. The Capstone Project applied the skills learned by building a data product using real-world data. Completed May, 2016. Media (1) This position has 1 media Johns Hopkins Data Science Capstone Project Johns Hopkins Data Science Capstone Project This media is a link Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 68 endorsements for Business Intelligence 68 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Claudia Imhoff and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Al’s colleagues at Perficient Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 66 endorsements for Data Warehousing 66 Data Warehousing Endorsed by Michael Kamfonas and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Al’s colleagues at Perficient Click and drag to reorder skills Solution Architecture See 59 endorsements for Solution Architecture 59 Solution Architecture Endorsed by Vinay Bhat and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Al’s colleagues at Perficient Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Laura Morrow Healthcare Delivery Management, Sr. Consultant May 5, 2016, Al worked with Laura in the same group I had the privilege to work with Al Shain on a prior data engagement. Al possesses a deep knowledge of the healthcare data landscape ranging from data taxonomy and modeling to data integration and transformation to data security and analytics. He is professional, detail-oriented, and likes to think out of the box while encouraging others to. I covet the opportunity to work with him again, and consider him an exceptional asset to any data initiative, or project that your organization may be considering. Mark Laptin ThoughtSpot: Search-Driven Analytics for Business Intelligence. September 18, 2013, Mark worked with Al in the same group t is without reservation that I am honored to write a recommendation for Mark Laptin. For over a decade I have worked with Mark, and he has been a colleague who is beyond reproach. He is extremely client focused, talented, honest and reliable (probably would of made a great Eagle Scout)... but honestly I've seen Mark in action, he's the ONE sales account executive that I would want if I were a client. Mark has a proven track record, bringing in the most value (not just one time sales but a customer that wants to do business with him), dealing with the most difficult proposal or going to bat for a customer above & beyond any of expectations. When you think of a Sales Executive, you need to picture Mark Laptin as your representative! Fay Struble Sr. Director, Product Management, Government Services Division January 16, 2009, Al managed Fay directly Fay was by far, one of my best analysts at Acxiom. She listened intently, understood complex requirements, and provide valued insight. I would not hesitate ever, to rehire her or work with her... she's honest, cheerful, and a great co-worker. Accomplishments Al has 14 certifications 14 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Science Capstone Masters in Data Science Specialization Building a Data Science Team Building a Data Science Team Developing Data Products Regression Models Practical Machine Learning Getting and Cleaning Data Statistical Inference Exploratory Data Analysis Al has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization IEEE Al has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Predictive Analysis of Player or Team Play Effectiveness Al has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Predicting Cardiovascular Heart Disease Using Big Data & Advanced Analytics Al has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication The Operational Data Mart Interests Orion Omni 2,128 followers Pulse 1,535,165 followers Data Warehousing (Business Intelligence, ETL) Professional's Group 75,545 members IBM co/ex workers independent group 45,292 members The Big Data Institute - Premier Source for Big Data and Advanced Analytics 1,255 members Perficient 21,834 followers See all See all following
More Actions Heather has a account Heather Shapiro Data Science & Analytics Consultant Shap's Data House University of California, Davis - Graduate School of Management San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Ph.D. scientist with 10+ years experience in research and data. Passionate about startups, health, wellness, wearables, education, and the brain. Highlights Experience Data Scientist & Analytics Consultant Company Name Shap's Data House Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Super proud to be working with an incredible team on a revolutionary product for empowering new Moms! Media (1) This position has 1 media Willow: Wearable Breast Pump Willow: Wearable Breast Pump This media is a link Analyst-in-Residence Company Name HealthTech Capital Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Palo Alto, CA HealthTech Capital is a group of private investors dedicated to funding and mentoring new start-ups at the intersection of healthcare and technology.- Screen companies as potential investment opportunities at bi-monthly investor meetings.- Provide domain expertise for pitch feedback, support due diligence, and coach start-ups. Sr. Data Scientist Company Name Pebble Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Palo Alto, CA Proud to be part of an incredible, innovative team building an awesome smartwatch. Media (2) This position has 2 media The Secret to Happiness The Secret to Happiness This media is a link Pebble Sleep Data Demonstrates Biological Phenomena - Pebble Research Pebble Sleep Data Demonstrates Biological Phenomena - Pebble Research This media is a link Data Science Mentor Company Name Springboard Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Mentored aspiring data scientists. Co-Founder Company Name NeuRecall, Inc. Dates Employed May 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Co-founder of NeuRecall, a cognitive science-based technology startup built upon an adaptive learning platform. See more positions Education University of California, Davis - Graduate School of Management Degree Name Business Development Fellow Field Of Study Business Development Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 - Competitive fellowship for PhD Candidates interested in business development and entrepreneurship- Completed MBA courses related to business development and technology ventures- Developed and pitched business plans to angel investors University of California, Davis Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Neuroscience Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Neuroscience admissions committee student representative (2011-2012) Organizer of student-organized seminar series in neuroscience (2009-2011) Organizer of neuroscience graduate group recruitment weekend (2009) Organizer of neuroscience graduate group annual neuroscience retreat (2008-2009) Thesis: The Development of Cognitive Control in Children with Chromosome 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai Field Of Study Biological Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Sisters Tutor: Tutored underprivileged, inner-city high school students in science and math Graduate Student Researcher See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 53 endorsements for Data Analysis 53 Data Analysis Endorsed by Jeffrey Strickland, Ph.D., CMSP and 23 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Heather’s colleagues at Pebble Tech Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 43 endorsements for Statistics 43 Statistics Endorsed by Jeffrey Strickland, Ph.D., CMSP and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Heather’s colleagues at Pebble Tech Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 22 endorsements for Python 22 Python Endorsed by Vickie Zhang and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Heather’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Heather has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications The Development of Cognitive Control in Children with Chromosome 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome A cross-sectional analysis of the development of response inhibition in children with Chromosome 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome A cross-sectional study of the development of volitional control of spatial attention in children with Chromosome 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome. Subthalamic deep brain stimulation and impulse control in Parkinson's disease. Heather has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Pebble Sleep Data Demonstrates Biological Phenomena The Secret to Happiness Heather has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Interests HealthTech Capital 523 followers Insight Data Science 4,445 followers Hamilton College 19,319 followers University of California, Davis - School of Law 26,433 followers Neuroeconomics 4,354 members Willow Pump 167 followers See all See all following
More Actions Guillermo has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Guillermo Breto Rangel PhD. Senior Data Scientist Think Big, a Teradata Company University of California, Davis Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Cloudera certified (data science) since 2013. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Data Scientist Company Name Think Big, a Teradata Company Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Senior Data Scientist Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Mar 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Princeton Global Data Statistical Research group. Data scientist Company Name Skyhigh Networks Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Graduate Student Researcher Company Name UC Davis Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Davis CA Media (1) This position has 1 media Data Analysis Thesis work. Data Analysis Thesis work. This media is a link Grad Student Company Name San Francisco State University Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education University of California, Davis Degree Name High energy experimental - Nuclear (Heavy Ions) physics. Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 University of California, Davis Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Nuclear and High Energy Physics Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 177 endorsements for Python 99+ Python Endorsed by Diego Marinho de Oliveira and 19 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Guillermo’s colleagues at Think Big, A Teradata Company Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 127 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Guillermo’s colleagues at Think Big, A Teradata Company Click and drag to reorder skills R See 102 endorsements for R 99+ R Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 21 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Guillermo’s colleagues at Think Big, A Teradata Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Guillermo has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Guillermo has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Data Manipulation in R with dplyr Guillermo has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization ALPFA Guillermo has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Observation of Sequential Υ Suppression in PbPb Collisions Interests Larry FinkLarry Fink is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO at BlackRock 548,347 followers University of California, Davis 201,533 followers Apache Spark 30,118 members University of California, Davis 210,322 followers CERN 58,072 followers Big Data, Analytics, Hadoop, NoSQL & Cloud Computing 73,385 members See all See all following
More Actions Rhonda has a account Rhonda Phillips Senior Data Scientist at True Fit Corporation True Fit Corporation Virginia Tech Greater Boston Area 438 438 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Strive to understand and represent large, noisy, and messy data to build knowledge and make predictions using tools including probability theory, statistics, machine learning, computer vision, remote sensing, data fusion, high performance computing, compression, signal processing, and numerical analysis. Communicate new discoveries through publications and presentations. Realize large scale technical vision through team building and collaboration. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name True Fit Corporation Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Program Manager and Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft - Azure Machine Learning Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Technical Staff Company Name MIT Lincoln Laboratory Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Education Virginia Tech Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Upsilon Pi Epsilon Mansfield University of Pennsylvania Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Computer Science and Math Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 University of Pennsylvania Volunteer Experience Board Member Company Name Cambridge Women's Center Dates volunteered Jan 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 5 yrs 5 mos Cause Civil Rights and Social Action Featured Skills & Endorsements Signal Processing See 15 endorsements for Signal Processing 15 Signal Processing Endorsed by Kenneth Senne and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rhonda’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills High Performance Computing See 13 endorsements for High Performance Computing 13 High Performance Computing Endorsed by 2 of Rhonda’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 11 endorsements for Machine Learning 11 Machine Learning Endorsed by Hossein Mobahi and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rhonda’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Honor Society of Phi Kappa Phi 22,573 members IEEE Geoscience & Remote Sensing Society (IEEE GRSS) 9,525 members Pulse 1,535,166 followers Microsoft 3,687,186 followers Virginia Tech Alumni Group -- OFFICIAL ALUMNI ASSOCIATION COMMUNITY 38,858 members LinkedIn 2,127,787 followers See all See all following
More Actions Abhijit has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Abhijit Dasgupta Consulting Data Scientist and Statistician ARAAstat University of Washington Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an experienced data scientist and statistician with over 15 years experience in statistical modeling, machine learning methods and data visualization. I have a PhD in Biostatistics from the University of Washington and postdoctoral training at the National Cancer Institute, where I worked on genetic epidemiology, computational biology and analyses of microarrays and other genomic platforms for cancer research. I work with biomedical researchers and professionals, bioengineers, and startups in the DC Metro area to help develop ways (models, algorithms, predictive modeling, visualizations) to extract intelligence from data and reveal the story that the data is expressing. I have a great deal of experience with machine learning algorithms and statistical analyses of biological data, biomarkers, sensor data, outcomes research, business analytics, and Bayesian modeling. I have also helped developed front ends for end-to-end data pipelines for healthcare. I am increasingly involved in analyzing and integrating sensor data into data ecosystems and "internet of things". I also help organize the data community in DC, serving as an organizer of the Statistical Programming DC meetup and a board member of Data Community DC. I also regularly teach introductory and intermediate workshops on data analysis using R and Python through District Data Labs.Outside of my professional life, I am a 4th degree black belt in Kokikai-ryu Aikido and lead classes weekly in Frederick County, Maryland See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Abhijit’s Activity 900 followers Some thoughts on the downsides of current Data Science practice Abhijit shared this See all activity Experience Owner and Principal Data Scientist Company Name ARAAstat Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area High-level analytics consultant, specializing in statistical learning tools, data mining, visualization and optimization. Experienced in grantsmanship with statistical/data analytic/informatics components.Expert in R and Python for data analyses, providing training and consulting in both. Biostatistican (Contractor) Company Name National Institutes of Health Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Location Bethesda, Maryland Statistical consulting and collaboration on a variety of studies of arthritic diseases, including genetic and genomic aspects of disease.Research and collaboration on machine learning methods and R software development Media (1) This position has 1 media BioData Mining | Risk estimation using probability machines BioData Mining | Risk estimation using probability machines This media is a link Co-Founder and Chief Data Science Officer Company Name Zansors Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location McLean, Virginia Development of algorithms and validation studies for bioengineering products related to sleep quality.Member of the leadership team leading efforts in grantsmanship and thought leadership. Member, Data Safety Monitoring Board, FAST-RAPID Company Name National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Bethesda, Maryland My responsibilities include reviewing clinical trial protocols and data thereof from trial protocols submitted to NIMH under the FAST-RAPID program Board Member Company Name Data Community DC, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Board Member of Data Community DCCo-Organizer and Founding Member, Statistical Programming DC (formerly R Users DC) See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Biostatistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Aikido Kokikai Dissertation: Parametric Identifiability and Related ProblemsAdvisor: Dr. Steven G SelfCommittee: Drs. Patrick Heagerty, Thomas Lumley, Stephen SchwarzTrained in cancer epidemiology and statistical genetics alongside dissertation work University of Washington Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1994 Indian Statistical Institute Degree Name B.Stat Field Of Study Statistics, Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Statistics major with minors in mathematics and economics See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 89 endorsements for R 89 R Endorsed by Anthony Rossini and 18 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Abhijit’s colleagues at The National Institutes of Health Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 69 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 69 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Prof. Arnab K Laha and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Abhijit’s colleagues at The National Institutes of Health Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 68 endorsements for Statistics 68 Statistics Endorsed by Prof. Arnab K Laha and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Abhijit’s colleagues at The National Institutes of Health Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Abhijit has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Bengali English Hindi Abhijit has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Monitoring sleep quality Data Science Classroom: An Introduction to Cluster Analysis Abhijit has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Risk estimation using Probability Machines Brief review of regression-based and machine learning methods in genetic epidemiology: the Genetic Analysis Workshop 17 experience Abhijit has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Statistical Association Interests Eric RiesEric Ries is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Long-Term Stock Exchange 482,910 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,597,747 followers Indian Statistical Institute - Alumni 730 members Entrepreneurship 16,575,641 followers Data Science Central 291,506 members Joichi ItoJoichi Ito is a LinkedIn Influencer Director, MIT Media Lab 250,128 followers See all See all following
More Actions Karen J has a account Karen J Yang, PhD Data Scientist Serco-NA University of California, San Diego Greater St. Louis Area 171 171 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent EMAIL: kyang272@yahoo.comhttp://www.slideshare.net/KarenJYangGithub: http://github.com/kjy •Strong communication skills (written, oral presentation, personal interviewing, & teaching)•Excellent customer/public service skills •Ability to analyze data and extract the most salient points that provide important insights•Adaptable and able to learn new things quickly, self-starter•Computer Programming skills: Python, R, Scala•Google's TensorFlow, AWS GPU instance•Scalable Machine Learning using Apache Spark•SQL•Jupyter notebook, Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, SciPy, SciKit-Learn, Requests, Networkx, BeautifulSoup, MrJob, Pattern•Apache Cassandra, certified developer (exam date 9/22/2015)•Experience running MapReduce (Hadoop) on 1/2 Terabyte data using Amazon Web Services(AWS)•Familiarity with Pig, HIVE, and Impala•Data visualization with python's Bokeh, R (base plot, ggplot2, lattice, slidify), and Tableau•Web Applications (Shiny, Ruby on Rails)•LINUX•Git, Github See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience General Clerk III Company Name Serco-NA Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Wentzville, Missouri General Clerk III, Serco-NA, Wentzville, MO, 2nd shift from 3pm to 11:30pm, November 2014 – present. Government Contractor. Client is Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Help to implement the Affordable Care Act to provide affordable health insurance to the consumer. Primarily perform casework research to resolve household data matching issues and/or expired status applications based on inconsistencies identified from the government hub databases (The Department of Homeland Security, Social Security Administration, and The Internal Revenue Service). Make customer care outbound phone calls and/or send out notices to consumer requesting supporting documents (citizenship—US passport, Certificate of Naturalization, Driver’s License, Certificate of Report of Birth, immigration—permanent residency card, employment authorization card, Notice of Action, asylum or refugee documents, annual income—W2, 1040 tax returns, pay stub, disability, social security/pension income, unemployment benefit, self-employment profit and loss statements). Perform complex issue resolution, using the Department of Homeland Security’s SAVE database (Systematic Alien Verification for Entitlements) to verify lawful presence. Verify annual income using an Income Verification Tool. Compare documented income against attested income as well as use the Federal Poverty Level table. Approve or deny exemption requests from federal law health insurance requirement, using documents for religious sects, Indian status, incarceration, healthcare sharing ministry, and economic hardships such as bankruptcy, catastrophes such as fire and floods, homelessness, utilities shut-off notice, and domestic abuse.•Ability to interact with different cultures and backgrounds.•Provide excellent customer service by educating the consumer on eligibility requirements and the next steps to take. Adjunct Professor Company Name Lindenwood University Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area Higher Education. Teach part-time in the adult college evening program at Lindenwood University. Courses include Twentieth Century World History, Art & Culture of Latin America, and Contemporary Issues of Latin America. Motivate and inspire students to learn. Ability to set class agenda meetings, manage and organize classroom, present materials and lectures, lead focus group discussions, plan out-of-classroom events, write exams, and evaluate students. Experience in using ARTstor,YouTube, podcasts, videos, and films to engage student learning. Received "met and exceeded" performance scores on teaching review based on classroom observation held on 5/26/11. Field Interviewer (data collector) Company Name National Opinion Research Center (NORC) at The University of Chicago Dates Employed Nov 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Illinois Non-Profit Research Organization. Serving southern Illinois communities, conduct surveys for project on National Survey on Early Care and Education (NSECE). Objective is to better understand the usage and availability of early care and education options for parents as well as what providers have in terms of staffing credentials, enrollment numbers, marketing plans, curriculum types, revenue sources, planning, resources, and training, which impacts the quality of care and education that they offer.Caseload of 150+ involved households with children under age 13, center-based providers (Head Start programs and public schools), informal home-based providers, faith-based providers (Baptist schools), community organizations (community non-profits, title IV funded after-school programs or YMCA after school tutoring programs), and private providers (Montessori). Conduct both phone interviews and one-on-one face interviews with household members, center providers, school principals, assistant school principals, after school program directors, program coordinators, and workforce individuals such as pre-K teachers, elementary school teachers, daycare teachers, teacher's aides, daycare aides, and special education teachers. Training on Ethics Certification, April 4, 2012Training on Gaining Cooperation, April 2, 2012 Data Collector-National Children's Study Company Name Headway Corporate Resources for Battelle--The National Children's Study Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location St. Louis, Missouri Non-Profit Research Organization. Serving the St. Louis neighborhoods of North St. Louis City, Northampton-Tilles Park, Dutchtown South, and Tower Grove South, visited 500+ households to conduct screener and pregnancy-related surveys through face-to-face interviewing. Purpose is to understand factors affecting children’s health and well-being. Provide resource sheets to households to access social services. Ability to adapt to protocol changes and possess strong attention to details. Experience in conducting survey in Spanish.Field Issues, 4/12/2011 and 3-month follow up, 4/26/2011PRECISE certification, 3/31/2011Bereavement training, 2/23/2011Visit Choreography and Case Management training, 2/1/2011Informed Consent for Research Participation training,1/18/2011Certification for fieldwork, 12/22/2010Cultural Competency Training, 12/16/2010NIH training certificate on online courses "Protecting Human Research Participants" and "Information Security Awareness", 11/28/2010 Enumerator (census taker) Company Name US Department of Commerce, Census Bureau Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos Location St. Louis, MO Federal Government. Conducted 100+ face-to-face census interviews in St. Louis City, St. Louis County, and Jefferson County. Registered in database as an on-call Spanish language speaker for local area. Gained experience in problem-solving, persistence and tenacity, ambiguity tolerance, building trust and rapport, active listening, and empathy skills. See more positions Education University of California, San Diego Degree Name MA Field Of Study Latin American Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 Activities and Societies: Teaching Assistant, American Legal History, Spring 1997. Research Assistant, Latin Amer. Studies, Summer 1996. Language studied: Spanish The Ohio State University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Political Science Grade 3.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Instructor, Introduction to Comparative Politics, Fall 2001. Research and Teaching Assistant positions, 1999-2001. Skills in critical thinking and problem solving with the ability to communicate and collaborate effectively. Advance research training in online media research. Ability to conduct strategic analysis. Experience in research proposal writing, grant writing, cost estimating, and budget management.Pre-dissertation field work in Buenos Aires, Argentina, summer 2001 involved 24 personal interviews conducted in Spanish.Spanish fluency. Completed 20+ university courses of Spanish language, literature, and phonetics. Study abroad in Mexico, Spain, Ecuador, and Argentina. Cross-cultural competence. The Ohio State University Degree Name MA Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Served as a Representative on Graduate Studies Committee (elected by peer graduate students of cohort class). Language studied: Spanish See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Organizing for America, a grassroots organization of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) Dates volunteered Jul 2012 – Oct 2012 Volunteer duration 4 mos Cause Politics Work phone bank and help with voter registration for a grassroots organization of the DNC that supports Barack Obama's legislative agenda. Canvassed in South City neighborhood in 2008. Skills Training Training Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management Program Management Click and drag to reorder skills Multivariate Statistics Multivariate Statistics Click and drag to reorder skills Microeconomics Microeconomics Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Karen J has 50 courses 50 Expand courses section Courses 6.00.1x: Introduction to Computer Science and Programming Using Python 2.7 (part 1), using Enthought Canopy’s python distribution, Certification of Achievement, January 2014, MIT, edX.org Algorithmic Thinking, using Python implementation, Rice University, Coursera.com Algorithms: Design and Analysis Part I, using Python, Stanford University, Certificate of Completion, Coursera.com Algorithms: Design and Analysis Part II, using Python, Stanford University, Coursera.com Applied Data Science with Python(course 1): Introduction to Data Science in Python, using Python 3.5, Pandas, NumPy, and SciPy, with Jupyter notebook on Anaconda distribution, Univ. of Michigan, coursera.org, Certificate of Completion CS105x: Introduction to Apache Spark, UC Berkeley, using python API pySpark, Spark Core and Spark SQL on Databricks Community Edition 2.21.3 and Spark 1.6.1, UC Berkeley, edX.org, completed CS110x: Big Data Analysis with Spark, using python API pySpark, UC Berkeley, edX.org, completed CS120x: Distributed Machine Learning with Apache Spark, using python API pySpark with pyspark.mllib and pyspark.ml, UC Berkeley, edX.org, completed CS50x: Introduction to Computer Science, using C, PHP, JavaScript, MySQL, CSS, HTML 5, Certificate of Completion, Harvard University, edX.org Cassandra Day St. Louis 2015, one-day seminar, overview of NoSQL Apache Cassandra 2015, DataStax Interests MarketingProfs 11,653 followers Demandbase 5,900 followers Base CRM 6,858 followers Premise Data 2,108 followers DataSift 3,893 followers G2 Web Services 3,302 followers See all See all following
More Actions Abhijit has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Abhijit Dasgupta Consulting Data Scientist and Statistician ARAAstat University of Washington Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an experienced data scientist and statistician with over 15 years experience in statistical modeling, machine learning methods and data visualization. I have a PhD in Biostatistics from the University of Washington and postdoctoral training at the National Cancer Institute, where I worked on genetic epidemiology, computational biology and analyses of microarrays and other genomic platforms for cancer research. I work with biomedical researchers and professionals, bioengineers, and startups in the DC Metro area to help develop ways (models, algorithms, predictive modeling, visualizations) to extract intelligence from data and reveal the story that the data is expressing. I have a great deal of experience with machine learning algorithms and statistical analyses of biological data, biomarkers, sensor data, outcomes research, business analytics, and Bayesian modeling. I have also helped developed front ends for end-to-end data pipelines for healthcare. I am increasingly involved in analyzing and integrating sensor data into data ecosystems and "internet of things". I also help organize the data community in DC, serving as an organizer of the Statistical Programming DC meetup and a board member of Data Community DC. I also regularly teach introductory and intermediate workshops on data analysis using R and Python through District Data Labs.Outside of my professional life, I am a 4th degree black belt in Kokikai-ryu Aikido and lead classes weekly in Frederick County, Maryland See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Abhijit’s Activity 900 followers Some thoughts on the downsides of current Data Science practice Abhijit shared this See all activity Experience Owner and Principal Data Scientist Company Name ARAAstat Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area High-level analytics consultant, specializing in statistical learning tools, data mining, visualization and optimization. Experienced in grantsmanship with statistical/data analytic/informatics components.Expert in R and Python for data analyses, providing training and consulting in both. Biostatistican (Contractor) Company Name National Institutes of Health Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Location Bethesda, Maryland Statistical consulting and collaboration on a variety of studies of arthritic diseases, including genetic and genomic aspects of disease.Research and collaboration on machine learning methods and R software development Media (1) This position has 1 media BioData Mining | Risk estimation using probability machines BioData Mining | Risk estimation using probability machines This media is a link Co-Founder and Chief Data Science Officer Company Name Zansors Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location McLean, Virginia Development of algorithms and validation studies for bioengineering products related to sleep quality.Member of the leadership team leading efforts in grantsmanship and thought leadership. Member, Data Safety Monitoring Board, FAST-RAPID Company Name National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Bethesda, Maryland My responsibilities include reviewing clinical trial protocols and data thereof from trial protocols submitted to NIMH under the FAST-RAPID program Board Member Company Name Data Community DC, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Board Member of Data Community DCCo-Organizer and Founding Member, Statistical Programming DC (formerly R Users DC) See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Biostatistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Aikido Kokikai Dissertation: Parametric Identifiability and Related ProblemsAdvisor: Dr. Steven G SelfCommittee: Drs. Patrick Heagerty, Thomas Lumley, Stephen SchwarzTrained in cancer epidemiology and statistical genetics alongside dissertation work University of Washington Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1994 Indian Statistical Institute Degree Name B.Stat Field Of Study Statistics, Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Statistics major with minors in mathematics and economics See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 89 endorsements for R 89 R Endorsed by Anthony Rossini and 18 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Abhijit’s colleagues at The National Institutes of Health Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 69 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 69 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Prof. Arnab K Laha and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Abhijit’s colleagues at The National Institutes of Health Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 68 endorsements for Statistics 68 Statistics Endorsed by Prof. Arnab K Laha and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Abhijit’s colleagues at The National Institutes of Health Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Abhijit has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Bengali English Hindi Abhijit has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Monitoring sleep quality Data Science Classroom: An Introduction to Cluster Analysis Abhijit has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Risk estimation using Probability Machines Brief review of regression-based and machine learning methods in genetic epidemiology: the Genetic Analysis Workshop 17 experience Abhijit has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Statistical Association Interests Indian Statistical Institute (ISI) - Calcutta 1,687 members Chevron 1,280,062 followers Dharmesh ShahDharmesh Shah is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CTO at HubSpot 752,596 followers Pulse 1,535,167 followers Tranzxn, Inc. 28 followers Data Science Central 291,506 members See all See all following
More Actions Rhonda has a account Rhonda Phillips Senior Data Scientist at True Fit Corporation True Fit Corporation Virginia Tech Greater Boston Area 438 438 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Strive to understand and represent large, noisy, and messy data to build knowledge and make predictions using tools including probability theory, statistics, machine learning, computer vision, remote sensing, data fusion, high performance computing, compression, signal processing, and numerical analysis. Communicate new discoveries through publications and presentations. Realize large scale technical vision through team building and collaboration. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name True Fit Corporation Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Program Manager and Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft - Azure Machine Learning Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Technical Staff Company Name MIT Lincoln Laboratory Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Education Virginia Tech Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Upsilon Pi Epsilon Mansfield University of Pennsylvania Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Computer Science and Math Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 University of Pennsylvania Volunteer Experience Board Member Company Name Cambridge Women's Center Dates volunteered Jan 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 5 yrs 5 mos Cause Civil Rights and Social Action Featured Skills & Endorsements Signal Processing See 15 endorsements for Signal Processing 15 Signal Processing Endorsed by Kenneth Senne and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rhonda’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills High Performance Computing See 13 endorsements for High Performance Computing 13 High Performance Computing Endorsed by 2 of Rhonda’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 11 endorsements for Machine Learning 11 Machine Learning Endorsed by Hossein Mobahi and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rhonda’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests True Fit Corporation 1,236 followers IEEE-USA 8,147 members Virginia Tech 199,499 followers The Honor Society of Phi Kappa Phi 22,573 members Mansfield University of Pennsylvania 12,300 followers Pulse 1,535,167 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jorge Armando has a account Jorge Armando Benitez VP Trading Products - Data Science Lead BMO Capital Markets Michigan State University Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Vast experience in Data Science: mining large data sets using machine learning techniques• Classification, Anomaly Detection, Recommender Systems, Experimental Data, Statistical modelling• Feature Engineering• Skilled in the Hadoop Ecosystem, Spark Framework, and distribute computing• Extensive programming skills: Scala, Python, C, C++, Java, Fortran, shell scripting, SQL, git• Broad understanding of batch processing and cloud computing• Specific domain knowledge on Fraud detection and mitigation• Comprehensive knowledge of Unix based operative systems, Linux, OS X, and Windows• Proficiency with statistical analysis: MLlib, spark-ml, scikit-learn and pandas, R, MATLAB, Mathematica, ROOT (data analysis framework), Talented Data Scientist with background in experimental particle physics. I have expertise in software development and machine learning. I believe data helps us live better. I leverage technology to get us there. I specialize in large-scale statistical data mining. My passion is in solving unique problems and developing insightful solutions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Jorge Armando’s Activity 1,006 followers The time is now for Canadian tech, Chinese VC says – Communitech News Jorge Armando liked David’s photo Jorge Armando liked Mackenzie Investments Opens the NEO Exchange Jorge Armando liked Innovations in Data Science Jorge Armando liked Uber opening Toronto research hub for driverless car technology | Toronto Star Jorge Armando liked Machine Learning Today & Tomorrow Jorge Armando liked See all activity Experience VP Trading Products - Data Science Lead Company Name BMO Capital Markets Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Toronto, Canada Area - Lead quantitative analysis of market data using machine learning techniques- Direct statistical recommendations for trading desk operations- Advice on AI initiatives Data Scientist Company Name Paytm Labs Dates Employed Jan 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Areas of experience:- Fraud mitigation- Monitoring- User segmentation - Scenario/rules tuning- Model validation- Machine Learning- Business Feedback- Develop anomaly detection framework to identify fraudulent customers, transactions and merchants- Rules monitoring scenario aimed to reduce fraud alerts while maximizing savings to the business. Tuning user-based limits and holds- Developed a model for detecting fraudulent users based on their similarity to already known fraud patterns.- Helped train review agents on evaluating fraud signals.- Directed the ML model building and tuning to enhance business key indicators- Analyzed large amounts of in-house data within the hadoop/spark ecosystem. - Interact with business Technical gadgets : Apache Spark, Scala, Python, Sckit-learn, Random Forest, Logistic regression, Deep Learning, Clustering, Hadoop, Hive, Pig. Research Scientist - Data Science Company Name York University Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Toronto, ON Canada • Develop software in cloud environment for the statistical analysis of ~2.5 petabytes of data from the Large Hadron Collider• Build algorithmic models to describe and explain the trends observed in the datasets: Including the fine-tuning of ~1M constants which resulted in an enhancement of over 40% of the bottom-line metrics compared to previous analyses• Automate a pipeline for obtaining data insights to facilitate the decision-making process and perform ad-hoc analysis• Directed production and validation of Monte Carlo simulations improving upon existing models and exploring new signals • Built a Quality Analysis infrastructure for testing mission critical data acquisition hardware, validated hardware has run at expected levels of fault tolerance for two years in a high radiation environment• Mentor graduate students and colleagues on how to program and on data analysis techniques• Selected by leadership to represent the collaboration to present results at international conferences Research Scientist - ATLAS Experiment Company Name CERN Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Site of the ATLAS experiment, and where I conduct research. Research Assistant Company Name Michigan State University Dates Employed Aug 2004 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos • Developed expertise in data mining, statistics, Monte Carlo methods, coding, and machine learning• Responsible for data preparation and analysis which led to a major science discovery - Single top quark production• Delivered results and provided recommendations to the analysis team resulting in a performance improvement of 50%• In charge of the testing and delivery of key hardware components used for the fast selection of relevant data• Provided weekly presentations and updates of research results to colleagues and seniormanagement in the collaboration See more positions Education Michigan State University Degree Name Ph. D. Field Of Study Physics - Particle Physics (High Energies) Activities and Societies: • Elected Officer, Graduate Students Association • Discovered Single Top Production utilizing machine learning algorithms (Boosted Decision Trees, BNN)• Awarded, Graduate School Dissertation Completion Fellowship, given to 1% of advanced degree graduates • Winner, Graduate Student Association Poster Award at Fermilab User’s meeting (2008)• Wrote and published three articles in peer-reviewed journals Universidad de Los Andes Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Physics • Courses in numerical methods, programming, probability, financial forecasting, neural networks, data analysis Universidad de Los Andes Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 60 endorsements for Data Mining 60 Data Mining Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Jorge Armando’s colleagues at Paytm Labs Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 55 endorsements for Data Analysis 55 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Jorge Armando’s colleagues at Paytm Labs Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 47 endorsements for Statistics 47 Statistics Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Jorge Armando’s colleagues at Paytm Labs Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jorge Armando has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Process Mining: Data science in Action Mining Massive Datasets Social Network Analysis Introduction to Data Science Machine Learning Jorge Armando has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Data Science Hadoop Machine Learning Jorge Armando has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Jorge Armando has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Observation of single top quark production Uncovering the single top: observation of electroweak top quark production Interests Data Science Community 15,310 members Mental Floss 61,663 followers Entrepreneurship 16,575,654 followers Best Advice 6,720,224 followers Big Data, Analytics, Hadoop, NoSQL & Cloud Computing 73,385 members Caledon Capital Management Inc. 2,223 followers See all See all following
More Actions Takahisa has a account Takahisa Hasegawa Data Scientist, Siri at Apple Apple Georgia Institute of Technology San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Scientist at SiriSpecialties: Analytics, data visualization, big data Highlights Experience Data Scientist, Siri Company Name Apple Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Location Cupertino, CA Data Scientist for Siri Senior Analyst, App Store Company Name Apple Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Cupertino, CA Conducted various types of analysis of the iTunes Store and App Store including forecasting estimates, product launch assessments, marketing initiative assessments, customer segmentation, and customer behavior analysis. Strategy Consultant Company Name IBM Dates Employed Nov 2005 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Advised clients on global alliance strategies, operational improvements and business plan execution. Conducted client interviews, quantitative analysis, and presentation to CxO level client management. Software Engineer Company Name IBM Dates Employed Apr 2004 – Nov 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Developed and managed a key cost accounting application for IBM and Lenovo. Working closely with the users of the application, shipped improvements managing a team of 6 programmers. Trained in web development, shell scripting and database design. Education Georgia Institute of Technology Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2019 Harvard Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Member: Consulting, Turnaround, Venture Capital/Private Equity, Finance and Asian Business Clubs. Lead organizer for the HBS Japan Trip 2009. Awarded the Edmund J. Curley Scholarship (2010). 慶応義塾大学 Degree Name BA Field Of Study Environmental Information Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Big Data See 11 endorsements for Big Data 11 Big Data Endorsed by 8 of Takahisa’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 7 endorsements for Forecasting 7 Forecasting Endorsed by 4 of Takahisa’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills Segmentation See 7 endorsements for Segmentation 7 Segmentation Endorsed by 5 of Takahisa’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Alex Rofman Director, App Store at Apple Inc. February 21, 2013, Alex was senior to Takahisa but didn’t manage directly I worked with Taka for 2 years in his role as Senior Analyst, App Store at Apple. I found Taka to be smart as a whip, detail oriented, personable and just a great person to work with. He is an invaluable resource to the App Store team, always delivering high quality work on time. I would welcome the opportunity to work with Taka again. Kevin Rochowski Product manager building systems at scale September 21, 2011, Kevin worked with Takahisa but at different companies I have worked with Taka on a number of Apple related projects in which a clear understanding of both the underlying data and its interpretation were key. His understanding of the business, combined with his knowledge of streaming at global scale, made this easy and straightforward. He has always been keen to understand and extract meaning from the data at hand, and has always acted in both a professional and pleasant manner. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Anurika Saran Business Intelligence Product Manger at Apple March 29, 2012, Takahisa worked with Anurika in different groups Anurika has great project management skills and an uncanny ability to understand business requirements and execute on a tough schedule. The internal system that we deal with is complex with multiple dimensions of big data, so it is very challenging to maintain and enhance the system. Anurika is able to handle these challenges with grace because she has a good understanding of the underlying database and technologies involved. She is also very responsive to the needs of the business. Vinay Narsingoju Senior Data Analyst at Apple December 13, 2011, Vinay worked with Takahisa in the same group Vinay had great understanding of our database and was great at solving difficult technical problems. I worked with Vinay on many projects at Apple, and he was smart and got things done. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Takahisa has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Entrepreneurship Leadership Marketing Strategy Takahisa has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Japanese Spanish Takahisa has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Machine Learning Takahisa has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent System and method for assembling personalized offers Interests Big Data 5,065,083 followers 慶應義塾大学 31,221 followers Coursera 172,372 followers Dropbox 157,942 followers Forbes 4,463,104 followers eBay 274,359 followers See all See all following
More Actions Koyuki has a account Koyuki Nakamori Senior Data Scientist Globant Galvanize - San Francisco, SoMa San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a data scientist with deep understanding of computer science, applied mathematics, statistics and operation research. I currently work at Globant solving various data problems for clients.I have a Master’s degree in Operations Research and Bachelor’s degree in Applied Mathematics.I understand the power of data and have a passion for transforming business thorough real time analytics. My data analytic skills include Python, R, Pandas, SQL, Java, C, C#, Spark, MapReduce, Flask, MongoDB, AWS, Seaborn, regression analysis, machine learning, natural language processing, time series, clustering, principal component analysis, dimensionality reduction, and recommender system, neural network, deep learning, and data visualization. My experience from past roles in finance, marketing, business consulting, information systems combined with formal education and language skills(Japanese, Mandarin) makes me a unique candidate. Project Summary: https://github.com/knakamor/projects See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Globant Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area • Oversee data scientists, providing technical oversight and mentoring• Help recruit for, and grow current team• Collaborate with company leadership to define and prioritize the development of data-centric features and products• Work closely with the larger engineering team to provide production ready systems• Represent the research team in top level strategic decision making Manager, Analytics and Insights Company Name LoyaltyOne Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Toronto Solve analytical problems using quantitative approaches using machine learning methods, advanced statistical methods, information retrieval, data mining techniques (boosting, random forest etc.) Lead all stages of model development from data collection, model building, model validation, testing and calibrationAnalyze a wide range of inputs, including quantitative data, use cases, market research, and personal experience to identify new opportunities to improve pattern detectionMine large multi-disciplinary data sets including financial information, bureau records, structured sources, unstructured to gain deep business knowledge and insights of embedded relationships and behaviorsLead, coach, develop and retain a team of data scientistsInteract with upper management on client side Coach the team to integrate customer insights to business decision Change Management / Planning / StrategyLead to work collaboratively with key internal business partners Role model to approach analytics with a business impact mentalitySupport development of and execute strategic analytics roadmap with focus on loyalty KPI achievement for clientsLead and contribute to the development, execution and measurement of all loyalty marketing campaigns for the assigned client portfolioDevelop, prioritize, and manage the ongoing analytics resource plan for assigned client portfolio; ensure enough resources to fulfill the client demand; communicate deliverables to stakeholders Contribute to drive best-in-class thought-leadership to solve complex business problems Contribute to understand client’s business needs, provide guidance to define campaign scope/objectives, campaign design, success criteria, targeting & measurement plan, client marketing calendar to optimize client’s loyalty marketing ROI Marketing Technology CRM Manager Company Name Questrade Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Toronto, Canada Area • Lead organizational use of CRM, database marketing, and advanced data science in support of marketing and sales to drive client acquisition, retention, and organic growth• Manage end-to-end execution of CRM programs, from ETL, data governance, model development, interface development to implementation and reporting• Oversee sourcing, summarizing, and analyzing pertinent data from multiple data sources• Manage cross functional programs and campaign analysis, and quarterly forecasting• SME on use of CRM and related technologies at the enterprise level• Use CRM technology to deliver efficiencies and improvements for existing and net-new cross-departmental workflows, as they relate to client retention, cross sell and up sell• Customer segmentation, including micro and macro segmentation • Support initiatives through opportunity identification, CRM campaign design, and data extraction briefing & validation• Identify opportunities for deepening customer relationships through advanced analytics including predictive models• Salesforce, Marketo, SiteCatalyst Customer Marketing Consultant Company Name CIBC Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Toronto, Canada Area • Managing marketing analytics and reporting including pre and post campaign analytics and insight generation using statistical analysis and data mining techniques• Customer Segmentation, identifying key customer segments using data mining techniques and analyzing the customer base across all product lines and channels to define varying segments including Market, Life Stage, Behavior. Lifetime Value and Propensity Segmentation• Working with Reporting & Analytics, implement and manage customer data infrastructure including customer data development and acquisition• Define, build and manage the customer information management resources and supporting business processes required to sustain the bank’s customer data needs• Coordinate with business stakeholders and participate in requirements gathering and reviews sessions for determining data needs in support of customer analytics• Identify and investigate any data anomalies and provide recommendations for addressing same• Manage User Acceptance Testing for any solutions in support of data for customer insights including UAT test case development and execution• Present insights and recommendations that drive business results• Financial engineering-simulations/partial deferential equations• Process re-engineering• Scope, advise, design, develop, test, maintain, support the proposed and existing business intelligence and data warehouse solutions• Collaborate with end users and responsible for identifying business needs, translating those into analytics/reporting requirements • Develop new BI services offerings, content creation, value propositions, revenue/expense projections and technology approach• Write relational and multidimensional database queries• Project management• Qualitative and Quantitative market research Project Analyst Company Name Itron Dates Employed May 2011 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area • Produced and maintained database queries for ad-hoc reporting metrics• Participated and provided feedback to development teams• Audited deliverable reports for installation and network performance• Liaised with customers and project managers to ensure project deliverables, deadlines, and deployment metrics See more positions Education Galvanize - San Francisco, SoMa Degree Name Data Science Immersive Program Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2017 The University of British Columbia Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Management in Operations Research Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Tennis,squash • Business: Consulting, Quality Management, Brand Management • Business Models: Process maps, Supply chain analysis, Transportation analysis • Decision Analysis: Decision trees, Multi-criteria methods, Risk analysis • Optimization: Linear programming, Integer programming • Probabilistic systems: Stochastic processes, Queuing theory, Simulation analysis • Statistics: Data analysis, Regression and forecasting, Survey methods Simon Fraser University Degree Name BSc Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 Activities and Societies: First Class Honours NSERC Undergraduate Student Research Award • Mathematics: Analysis, Algebra, Discrete mathematics, Linear and nonlinear programming • Numerical analysis (MATLAB, Maple) • Ordinary and partial deferential equations, Dynamical systems• Calculus of variations, Mathematical modeling • Computer science: Java, Web page development • Science: Physics, Astronomy Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 2 endorsements for Data Science 2 Data Science Endorsed by Marco Lunardi, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 27 endorsements for Data Analysis 27 Data Analysis Endorsed by Marco Lunardi and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Koyuki’s colleagues at Questrade Financial Group Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 18 endorsements for SAS 18 SAS Endorsed by 2 of Koyuki’s colleagues at CIBC Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Koyuki has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Accounting Information Systems Advanced Financial Accounting Advanced Management Accounting Audit and Assurance Business Law Corporate Finance Strategy and Governance Taxation Koyuki has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Japanese Mandarin Koyuki has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests Hyundai Capital Canada 3,970 followers FILD 81,107 followers Business Analytics - Predictive Analytics - Big Data 13,423 members Bay Street Staffing 8,225 followers Ibotta, Inc. 6,420 followers Delphinus Engineering, Inc. 634 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Daniel Yehdego, PhD Senior Data & Applied Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft The University of Texas at El Paso Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Marketing Data analytics and research, Predictive modeling, multi-channel analytics and market segmentation strategy.- Recommendation Engine model development. - Data Mining techniques for Imbalanced Datasets- New probabilistic models and distributed computational techniques to establish new approaches to computationally intensive problems.- Advanced knowledge of statistical models and Data mining techniques. Extensively used statistical software packages (SAS, R, SPSS), ANOVA, GLM, Logistic, Poisson, Mixed models, longitudinal data analysis, categorical data analysis, and statistical learning. - Big Data Marketing analysis: Exploratory data analysis (EDA), Cluster Analysis, PCA, MDS, Factor Analysis.- Proficient in Hadoop MapReduce, Oracle PL/SQL, WPS, Alteryx, Cognos analytics application, See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Daniel’s Activity 1,896 followers Ramping Up Predictive Maintenance Using Machine Learning Daniel liked See all activity Experience Senior Data & Applied Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Redmond, WA Data Scientist Company Name Hewlett-Packard Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Plano, TX * Works in areas such as machine learning, predictive modelling, and optimization applied to massive amounts of data using cutting edge software technologies including SQL, NoSQL, Python, MapReduce- Hadoop, HIVE, SAS, R, and machine learning approaches. Data Science, Customer Insight Company Name Brierley+Partners Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Plano, TX * Consumer Insight & Marketing Data analytics and research, Predictive modelling, multi-channel analytics, market segmentation strategy and experience in Customer Loyalty (CRM)* Quantitative research in manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying data warehouse sources Research Associate and Data Analyst Company Name The University of Texas at El Paso Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location El Paso, Texas Area • Working on different areas of research pertaining to computational biology and statistical probability models, development of new probabilistic models (e.g., excursions) and distributed computing techniques to establish new approaches to computationally intensive problems stemming from bio-molecular sequence and structure analyses (Problem of interest was long RNA structure prediction). Physics Instructor Company Name Western Technical College Dates Employed May 2010 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location El Paso, Texas Area Instructor for the courses: "Principles of Physics", and "College Algebra" for a Physical Therapy Assistant students at Western Technical College. See more positions Education The University of Texas at El Paso Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Computational Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2013 The University of Texas at El Paso Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Computational Science - Computational Biology Concentration Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 The University of Texas at El Paso Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2009 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 68 endorsements for R 68 R Endorsed by Adel Bedoui and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Daniel’s colleagues at Hewlett Packard Enterprise Click and drag to reorder skills Physics See 55 endorsements for Physics 55 Physics Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Daniel’s colleagues at Hewlett Packard Enterprise Click and drag to reorder skills Hadoop See 25 endorsements for Hadoop 25 Hadoop Endorsed by 3 of Daniel’s colleagues at Hewlett Packard Enterprise Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Pravesh Kushwaha, PMP Data Integration Architecture, Data Governance and Project Management February 9, 2016, Pravesh managed Daniel directly Daniel is an excellent resource. He is a team player always willing to help others. Goes above and beyond what is expected from him. No matter how complex the problem, Daniel always has an answer to it. Daniel earns my highest recommendation. Clemente Aguilar-Bonavides Sr. Bioinformatics Scientist January 17, 2013, Daniel worked with Clemente in the same group Daniel and I are students in the same program. He is a dedicated student and has a calming personality that makes you feel completely comfortable. He is one of the most patient people I know. Clemente Aguilar-Bonavides Sr. Bioinformatics Scientist January 20, 2013, Daniel and Clemente were students together It is a privilege knowing Clemente for the past 3 years. We are working under the same advisor and he is always organized, focused and very creative. His skills in Bioinformatics and computational biology are amazing. His ability to connect people and presentation skills are outstanding. I will recommend Clemente for any company and for any high level role. Samuel Habtemariam Senior Software Engineer at Wells Fargo Bank January 17, 2013, Samuel worked with Daniel in the same group I am pleased to write a recommendation for Mr. Samuel. We have worked together as a graduate teaching assistants at Asmara University from 2004-2007. He is extremely knowledgeable and always anxious to get involved in projects. Furthermore, he is highly motivated, creative individual who works well independently as wells as collaboratively on teams of scientists from diverse backgrounds. His tireless work ethic is second to none! Accomplishments Daniel has 22 courses 22 Expand courses section Courses Adv. Numerical Analysis Advanced Algorithms Advanced laboratory practices Advanced statistical mechanics Bio Statistical Analysis Bioinformatics I and II Classical Mechanics Comptutational Method of Linear Algebra Computer Vision Data Mining and Statistical Learning Daniel has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Enhancement of Accuracy and Efficiency for RNA Secondary Structure Prediction by Sequence Segmentation and MapReduce Secondary Structure Predictions for Long RNA Sequences Based on Inversion Excursions and MapReduce Secondary Structure Predictions for Long RNA Sequences Based on Inversion Excursions. A modularized MapReduce framework to support RNA secondary structure prediction and analysis workflows Daniel has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Vertica Solutions SAS Certified Advanced Programmer for SAS 9 Daniel has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Tigrinya Daniel has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Outstanding Graduate Teaching Assistant of the Department of Physics for the 2009 academic year. Interests SC Conference 4,111 members EMBL 19,489 followers Oracle 2,119,603 followers University of Chicago Medicine 23,518 followers JOBS 2.0 Graduates & Graduating Students: Careers Internships Alumni University College School Job 7,162 members Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center 15,145 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anisur Rahman has a account Anisur Rahman Alamgir - LSSBB, Data Scientist Technical Lead and Senior Software Engineer at DataSoft DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited QAI, Six Sigma Bangladesh 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an IT professional with extensive background in Software Design, substantial experience designing ,executing solutions for complex business problems involving large scale data warehousing, real-time analytics, development, backed by proven ability and experience to lead technical and business analyst teams. My career vision is to design quality software by acquiring and implementing knowledge of technologies, architectures, frameworks and best development practices.My main strength is that I can take up any responsibility and can carry them out to the best of my ability. I do have problem solving capability. Around 10 years of my job experiences in different companies I have carried out many different role and responsibilities including Requirement Collection & Analysis , Software Design and Development, HR Recruiting and Process Improvement functions.Experience includes software development for micro-finance institutions (Microfinance Software), financial accounting management, human resource management, management information system for government bodies like SDF, garments company management, dynamic website development, web-optimizations(SEO).I have working experience with .NET, Java, Python and PHP technologies with MySQL, MS SQL Server, Oracle, NoSQ database. I’ve experience of developing software using popular frameworks like CodeIgniter, Zend, CakePHP, Symfony in PHP.Data Analysis Tools: Hive, Pig and Hadoop Streaming, MapReduce, R, MATLAB. I have participated in the 9+ workshops related to Project Management, Software Engineering, Quality Assurance and CMMI 5.# I completed Become a Data Scientist learning path on November 2, 2016. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Anisur Rahman’s Articles & Activity 1,140 followers Bangladeshi TV guide featuring complete program listings Anisur Rahman Alamgir - LSSBB, Data Scientist on LinkedIn See all articles M Manjur’s photo Anisur Rahman liked See all activity Experience Senior Software Engineer Company Name DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location Dhaka Software Architecture. Object Oriented Analysis and Design. Design Patterns. Database design. Software Development, Technical Document , bug fixing and support, Created reports and dashboards using structured and unstructured data, Loaded unstructured data into Hadoop File System (HDFS).Projects: 1. Microfinance Software : Technical lead2. Smart-Enterprise : Technical lead3. TV-Guide: Technical lead Media (2) This position has 2 media A financial inclusion workflow driven solution - Microfin360 A financial inclusion workflow driven solution - Microfin360 This media is a link Web and data security Web and data security This media is an image Lead developer at Prima pagina diggita.it Company Name diggita Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Location Italy Development, add new modules, bug fix, SEO etc Media (1) This position has 1 media Prima Pagina Prima Pagina This media is a link Developer Company Name oDesk Freelancer Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs Development Media (1) This position has 1 media Certificate of earnings Certificate of earnings This media is a document Software Engineer Company Name DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Developed skill of Software Engineering and expertise on CakePHP , VB.net and Crystal Report.System analysis, design, development, technical documents(BRD,SRS,LLD) & User manual writing.Package and deployment of software project using Install Shield.Conduct training for Client. Team Lead Company Name STM Software Ltd Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 7 mos Complete developed a real life project as team lead. See more positions Education QAI, Six Sigma Degree Name Six Sigma Black Belt Field Of Study Six Sigma Black Belt Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Daffodil International University Degree Name B.Sc. Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering Field Of Study Computer Science and Engineering Grade 3.25 Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Stood 2nd in the DIU Local Computer Programming Contest 2005. Stood 1st in the DIU Local Computer Programming Contest 2006. Stood 77th in the ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest 2005. Stood 53rd in the ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest 2006. Stood 78th in the ICPC 2006. Stood 1st in the ISTT Local Computer Programming Contest 2003. Solved ACM Contest (24 hour) 100+ problems. ID: 1027833 Media (2) This position has 2 media ACMSolver Coding Championship ACMSolver Coding Championship This media is a document ACM Asia Programming Contest ACM Asia Programming Contest This media is a document B.A.F Shaheen College, Kurmitula Degree Name HSC Field Of Study Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Activities and Societies: Debate Team See more education Volunteer Experience Developer/Software Enginner Company Name DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 7 endorsements for Data Mining 7 Data Mining Endorsed by 6 of Anisur Rahman’s colleagues at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Click and drag to reorder skills MySQL See 75 endorsements for MySQL 75 MySQL Endorsed by Milan Saha and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 46 of Anisur Rahman’s colleagues at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 6 endorsements for Big Data 6 Big Data Endorsed by 5 of Anisur Rahman’s colleagues at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (7) Md. Mahbubur Rahman Tito Senior Software Engineer at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited April 23, 2014, Anisur Rahman worked with Md. Mahbubur in the same group He is a very good team player, professional, genius guy. I am really enjoy working with him. Filippo Della Bianca Digital Entrapreneur & Strategist, Social Networking Expert, Content & Community manager, Owner diggita.it cinquee.it November 2, 2016, Filippo managed Anisur Rahman directly Anis is a fantastic developer, he has great problem-solving ability on the php code and mysql databases. He's costantly developing and updating new innovative solutions to improve the web services into modern standards. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Badsha Faysal Kabir Lead Manager at Grameenphone Ltd November 2, 2016, Anisur Rahman and Badsha were students together Mr. Badsha Faysal Kabir is a great personality to work with. His knowledge, integrity and professionalism is outstanding and remarkable. I wish him a good health and great success Md. Zohurul Islam Senior Software Engineer at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited November 2, 2016, Anisur Rahman managed Md. Zohurul directly Mr. Zohurul Islam is a great personality to work with. His knowledge, integrity and professionalism is outstanding and remarkable. I wish him a good health and great success. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Anisur Rahman has 26 projects 26 Expand projects section Projects TV Guide Bangladesh Microfin360 Micro finance Solution CMMI Maturity Level 5 Appraisal at DataSoft Smart Enterprise Big Data Analysis Solar360 Wordpress Expert Wordpess Development Microfin360 Mobile Apps Anisur Rahman has 22 certifications 22 Expand certifications section Certifications Become a Data Scientist Code Clinic: Python Data Science Foundations: Data Mining Excel 2016: Managing and Analyzing Data Introduction to Data Governance Introduction to Data Science Python GUI Development with Tkinter Statistics Fundamentals - Part 1: Beginning Up and Running with Cloud Service APIs Up and Running with Python Anisur Rahman has 20 courses 20 Expand courses section Courses A Crash Course in Data Science A developer's guide to the Internet of Things (IoT) Algorithms Artificial Intelligence Big Data Fundamentals Complier Design Computer Graphics Data Structure Database Management System Discrete Mathematics Anisur Rahman has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Bangla English Japanese Interests Danny SullivanDanny Sullivan is a LinkedIn Influencer Founding Editor at Marketing Land & Search Engine Land 268,556 followers gTeam FZ LLC 6,595 followers Kanshudo 6 followers Magento Users Group 22,183 members McKinsey & Company 1,368,478 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,854,348 followers See all See all following
More Actions Huibin (Mary) has a account Huibin (Mary) Hu Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft University of Nevada-Reno, College of Business Redmond, Washington 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Passionate about partnering with business groups to deliver data analysis that supports business decisions and drives efficiencies. Analytical and conceptual mindset with hands-on experience in big data analysis. Experience delivering measurable global business insights. Seeking to expand my business intelligence skillset on a team supporting revenue growth for the company. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Huibin (Mary)’s Activity 760 followers So apt... Huibin (Mary) shared this See all activity Experience Data scientist, Core Data Science Team Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Redmond, Washington Worked on the Commercial Insights initiative where we apply machine learning to classify Windows users, understand Windows Business Users behaviors and explore new business model opportunities for feature teamsWorked on text analysis on users' feedbackA/B test on network congestion algorithm Business Analyst Intern, Worldwide Credit Services Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Reno, Nevada Area • Drove annual time savings of 15 business days through the standardization and automation of Monthly Business Review report globally utilizing internal Business Intelligence tool • Collaborated with the Finance Revenue Recognition team to optimize the Cash Basis Policy. Analyzed the collectability of customers on cash basis for the past 3 and half fiscal years, containing millions of data points and impacts $1.4 billion accounts receivables • Collaborated with teams across NA, LATAM, EMEA, and Asia to propose the use of Bloomberg Data License, which can improve financial data accuracy by eliminating manual work, reduce data entry time from 30 minutes to 5 seconds by automating the process, and enrich the dataset by involving longer historical period• Delivered monthly regional and global summary scorecards and drafted the monthly executive communications.• Managed internal reporting system tools transition including impact analysis, ensured data integrity across WWCS• Delivered a presentation to WWCS General Manager and obtained budget to justify purchase of financial data from Bloomberg• Created the Rhythm of Business (ROB) calendar of key deliverables and meeting dates for WWCS (Worldwide Credit Services), a team of 54 FTEs and 1 General Manager• Supported sales enablement pilot project for government establishments and education districts implementing pre-approved credit lines at five Microsoft Retail Stores. Upon successful pilot, roll out to additional 75 stores, which will help drive sales and market share for Surface Pro 3• Managed the complex end-to-end integration of Bloomberg Data License, which contains partnerships with multiple businesses to implement a standardized risk solution process, creating data feed queries using SQL Server Integration Services Data analyst Company Name University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute Dates Employed Apr 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Ann Arbor, Michigan • Researched data mining methods and algorithms, analyzed data from multiple sources to fulfill Ford’s goal on learning the traffic conditions in Ann Arbor, Michigan and the United States• Prioritized project tasks based on grant objectives, trusted to find new approaches to data analysis• Presented findings to the project management team from Ford, resulting in additional grants and project continuation Finance Intern Company Name China Galaxy Securities Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Beijing City, China Collaborated with other interns to optimize the structure of hedged portfoliosCommunicated with customers and organized portfolios of different volatility levels forcustomers of various risk-aversion levelsUsed quantitative measures including VaR, Greeks' sensitivity and stress tests to manage market risk for equity Research assistant Company Name Canadian Parliament Dates Employed May 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area • Researched multilingual regulations and laws for international trades of renewable energy between China and US, Canada, and Denmark• Examined multiple resources for current events and consulted with member of Parliament to prioritize events for presentation in Open House See more positions Education University of Nevada-Reno, College of Business Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 University of Michigan Degree Name BS Field Of Study Statistics; Financial Math and Risk Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 beida resource middle school See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 13 endorsements for Statistics 13 Statistics Endorsed by Wei Guo, Ph.D. and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Huibin (Mary)’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 12 endorsements for Research 12 Research Endorsed by 3 of Huibin (Mary)’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills C++ See 9 endorsements for C++ 9 C++ Endorsed by 2 of Huibin (Mary)’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Huibin (Mary) has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Interests Alumni Association of the University of Michigan--OFFICIAL GROUP 46,492 members Analytic Recruiting Inc. 24,568 followers Licensing specialist 7,687 members General Motors 859,945 followers Python Data Science and Machine Learning 32,411 members Microsoft 3,687,196 followers See all See all following
More Actions Udi has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Udi Schlessinger Tech Entrepreneur, Data Scientist, Software Developer Freshly Inc. University of London Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Tech Entrepreneur, Data Scientist, Software Developer, Ph.D. (University College London), M.Sc. (New York University)Specialties: Machine Learning, Data Mining, Predictive Analytics, Recommender Systems, Evolutionary Computation, Text Mining, Neuroevolution, Clustering, Multiagent SystemsProgramming Languages: Python, R, Java, C++, SAS, SPSS, K, C, PHP, VB, SQL, Unix ShellsDatabases: MySQL, Postgres, Oracle, MS SQL server, Sybase.Big Data: Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Impala, GreenplumOther: Social Media, SEO See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Manager, Data Science Company Name Freshly Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Co-founder and CTO Company Name REAL - Real Engagement And Loyalty Inc. Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Head of Data Science Company Name VTS, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 7 mos Senior Manager, Data Science Company Name AIG Science Dates Employed 2015 – 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area I lead a team of data scientists that builds predictive models for the purpose of solving problems within the claims business unit. Python, R, Text Mining, GBM, Random Forests. Director of Data Science Company Name Fever Labs Inc. Dates Employed 2014 – 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area Setting up the Data Science department. Implementing Event Recommender Systems: content based recommender integrates with Fever's app and offers personalized event suggestions for users based on their given interests, past event participation, usage patterns and social connections. Using topic modeling (LDA), written in Python.Fraud detection See more positions Education University of London Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: . New York University Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Computer Science Activities and Societies: . GPA: 3.93/4.00 The Hebrew University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics and Business Administration Activities and Societies: . Featured Skills & Endorsements Big Data See 12 endorsements for Big Data 12 Big Data Abhishake Gajja (arawali(AT)gmail) and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 11 endorsements for Data Mining 11 Data Mining Endorsed by Christopher Peter Makris and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Udi’s colleagues at AIG Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 11 endorsements for SQL 11 SQL Endorsed by Christopher Peter Makris, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Maria Elena Villalobos Ponte MS in Data Science Candidate, NYU August 28, 2016, Udi managed Maria Elena directly Maria worked for me during her summer internship at Science. She possesses strong technical skills: both in terms of her ability to understand the necessary theoretical data science knowledge as well as her technical ability to execute. Her project was very ambitious and required gaining a solid understanding of an existing complex project, and later on, expanding it in a new framework (Spark). Maria did a fantastic job. On top of that, she is very organized, diligent and overall a pleasure to work with. I recommend her strongly and hope to work with her again in the future. Natan Fisher Cofounder at SingleSprout July 28, 2016, Udi was a client of Natan’s I had the pleasure of working with Natan during a recent job search. Unlike some recruiters, who try to trick you into interviewing for a job you're not really interested in or would be bad for you, Natan takes the time to get to know you and only gets you the right interviews at the right companies. But it doesn't end there: he offers useful interview and career advice. While working together, I got the feeling that Natan genuinely cares both for my interests as well as the prospective employer - truly a win-win-win situation. On top of all that, he's a very nice guy and we've spent time just chatting about the industry and life in general. Highly recommended! Accomplishments Interests Hadoop/Spark Jobs and Recruitment 6,545 members R Programming 33,742 members Artificial Intelligence Applications 12,003 members The Hebrew University 63,621 followers Data & Text Analytics Professionals (1800+ members) 16,075 members The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,575 members See all See all following
More Actions Jesmer has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Jesmer Wong Process Analyst @ Cargo Services Far East Cargo Services Far East General Assembly Hong Kong 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent 【Career To-be】A holistic company doctor backed by a spectrum of scientific tools.As-is Analyses -✔ Viable Vision & Strategic Directives Feasibility Study & Departmental goal cascading due-diligence✔ Business & Operational Process Analysis, KPI reviews, Span of Control, Management Control SystemTo-be Proposals -✔ Improvement Gap Discovery & Continuous Improvement proposals using Lean, Six Sigma, TOC, ERM, BPR, TRIZ, DADS (Data Science & Data Analytics)✔ Program Management, Improvement progress & Benefit Tracking✔ Business Analysis, Requirement Understanding & Use Case fabrications✔ Data Visualization, BI Modelling, Project Management & Implementation Deployment w/ UAT testing【Pastime】✔ Volunteer Chambers of Commerce, Professional Affiliations & Associations✔ Lean Six Sigma Coaching (Lean Leader, Lean Specialist, Green Belt, Black Belt, Master Black Belt)✔ Freelance Data Analyst, Data Scientist & Management Consulting【Entrepreneurial Projects】✔ Founder - business networking portal in HKhttp://hk-networking.org【Interests】✔ Language learning, Reading✔ Choir singing & Music-listening✔ Some golf, Gym, Badminton & some swimming【Tags】#DataScientist | #DataAnalyst | #Process Analyst | #MBA | #Lean | #SixSigma | #MasterBlackBelt#TRIZ | #TOC | #BPM See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Jesmer’s Activity 2,610 followers Your chance to join us in transforming an industry. We're hiring a product manager to be based in Madison, Wisconsin, USA. Create world-class tailored solutions for our insurance partner. Drive the end-to-end feature delivery cycle. Grow team to drive solution to commercialization. Be champion and voice of insurance partner(s). Skills: 4+ years experience building / developing / managing enterprise SaaS product. Proven ability to excite and lead cross-functional engineering team. Gather/transform business requirements and market needs into successful product strategy. Competitive salary and benefits. Jesmer liked KPMG Digital Village is now the official innovation partner for TIA. First offering: Corporate Acceleration delivered by KPMG Digital Village x Tag.Pass. Stay tuned for more offerings! #KPMGDigitalVillage #techinasia #TagPass https://lnkd.in/fniYVgS Jesmer liked Nice meeting friends in CAIA: Frontier Market seminar~ Jesmer liked Great to support the HK Fintech community Jesmer liked Come say hi to our team at Singapore Casual Connect! Jesmer liked Beyond the Hype: Creating an Enterprise AI Strategy that Makes Sense Jesmer liked See all activity Experience Process Analyst Company Name Cargo Services Far East Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Hong Kong 【Job Description】A. Process Analysis● Internal Consultant cum Business Analyst under Program Management Office (PMO) to work for Business Operational Efficiency Enhancement of all BUs on a 3PL logistics firm including LCL/FCL, NVOCC, S&P, P&P, P&L, VAS, Cross Border eCommerce Trade Platforms etc.● Report to CFO, CPO & GMs for continuous improvement activity status.● Perform As-is Business Operational Process reviews for improvement opportunities through -- Top-down for strategic & corporate business process standardization & enhancements as release of corporate constraints;- Bottom-up for onsite operational pain-points & constraints.● Conduct Case Study & market researches to provide best practice internal consulting.B. Business AnalysisPerform Business Analysis roles for software-based Continuous improvement projects (BU based IT automation softwares, Business Intelligence dashboard, Data Science modelling) including -● Business Requirement Elicitation from BUs● Business Requirement Analysis for scope definition & requirement traceability● Documentation on Functional Specification, Use Case, Test Plan, User Acceptance Tests, etc【Achievements】● Oversee a few IT system integration projects which allows headcount redeployment of about 10-30 FTEs internationally.● Review & implement new methods on day-to-day operational processes which target to reduce 20-30% FTEs per production line.● Oversee continuous improvement in all international footprints.● Perform BA, Testing Analyst roles for financial systems as internal enhancement projects● Establish documentation standards on corporate departmental manuals.● Conduct Lean Six Sigma web based training & administer e-learning portal materials to ensure information & communication consistencies with cultural build-up.● Review and align management grades' span of control. Freelance Management Consultant Company Name SBTI Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Hong Kong Freelance Management Consulting Projects on -(A) A renown training institution in HK- Business Process Analysis & Review- Identify Improvement & Throughput breakthrough optimization opportunities- Quality Assurance System Framework Setup- Project Planning & Stakeholder Management- Operational Data Analytics & Data Visualization- Conduct Lean, Six Sigma & TOC Executive Trainings(B) A governmental facility in HK- Conduct Lean, Six Sigma & TOC Facilitation & Mentoring Trainings- Idea proposals for potential operational enhancements Part Time Six Sigma Trainer cum Project Marker Company Name Six Sigma Institute (Hong Kong) Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location Six Sigma Institute Hong Kong 【Job Description】Professional Lean Six Sigma coaching courses with proven track record of not less than 500 man-hours of training.【Training Areas】● Lean Leader (LL) | Lean Specialist (LS) | Lean Practitioner (LP)● Green Belt (GB) | Black Belt (BB) |● Master Black Belt (MBB): Advanced Six Sigma Tools (ASST)● Master Black Belt (MBB): Design for Six Sigma (DFSS)● Technical Training Series: Hypothesis Testing, Decision Analytics, Predictive Analytics【Achievements】Practical consulting experience to Lean & Six Sigma Green/Black Belt course students' on-the-job Six Sigma improvements projects (for Viva Exam) on various industries including -● Finance (Inter-department processing time risk arbitraging)● Pharmaceutical (Solvent Composition Analysis Turnaround Time optimization)● Textile / Garment (Master Sample Taping)● IT (Resource Utilization rate)● FMCG (Customer waiting time, SOP standardizations)● Supply Chain (Service Delivery Time & Lean Repacking)● Construction (Precast Facade Quality Improvements)● Education (Headcount scheduling & New market exploitation strategies) Founder Company Name Business Networking @ HK Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 11 mos Location Hong Kong 【Job Description】● Business Networking activities of chambers of commerce, associations, government parties etc. in HK, reaching 6000+ subscribers (Dec-13) of broad spectrum of Finance, Law, Consulting, & other industries w/ executives ranging from CEOs to junior levels.● Currently in newsletter format. Now (slowly) setting up commercialization procedures.● Subscription is available at - j.networking00@gmail.com Media (1) This position has 1 media Integrated Business Networking Services HK Integrated Business Networking Services HK This media is a document Project Manager & Test Analyst Company Name IBM Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Hong Kong 【Job Description】● Assist BAs for UAT Test Scope audit & reporting,● Requirement Traceability, Auditing & Reporting,● Data Migration Auditing, Reporting & Discrepancy checking● Post-cutover Command Center supports, Incident Management● Specification Change Requests & Change Deployment preparations See more positions Education General Assembly Degree Name Certificate, Data Science Field Of Study Data Science, Data Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2015 Machine Learning, modelling, Feature Engineering, Database Technologies, Data Exploration, Information Retrieval, Signal Processing, Data Visualizations【Data Science modellings】● Regression & Regularization, KNN, NBC, K-Means Clustering, Ensemble Techniques, Decision Trees & Random Forests, Dimensionality Reduction & Principle Component Analyses, Recommendation Systems, Network Analysis, Map-Reduce【Graduation Project】● Image (Numeric & English characters) recognition by Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) using Histogram of Oriented Gradients (HOG) with MNIST & Chars74K Database.【Softwares used】● Python, R Coursera Degree Name Certificate in Machine Learning Field Of Study Data Science Grade 3ND8UKR3RBNM Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2015 Online course from Coursera by famous Data Scientist Prof. Andrew Ng.【Supervised Learning】● Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Regularization● Artificial Neural Networks● Supported Vector Machine● Machine Learning System Design & Large Scale System Design & Advices【Unsupervised Learning】● Dimensionality Reduction● Anomaly Detection● Recommendation System & Collaborative Filtering【Softwares used】● Octave / MATLAB General Assembly Degree Name Certificate, Data Analytics Field Of Study Data Science, Data Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2015 【Analytics Flow】● Business Understanding & Requirement Discovery● Data Extraction● Data Understanding● Data Preparation (Data structuring & Cleansing)● Data Analysis● Data Visualization & Reporting【Softwares Used】● Data Preparation & Analytics: MS Excel & PostgreSQL● Database: PGAdmin III & DBVisualizer● Data Communication & Contextualization: Tableau【Graduation Projects】1) Walmart - Sales in Stormy Weather. (Source: Kaggle Competition data)2) A case study in a media industry on - Subscription churn analysis See more education Volunteer Experience Founder Company Name Integrated Business Networking Services, Hong Kong Dates volunteered Jul 2008 – Present Volunteer duration 8 yrs 11 mos Cause Economic Empowerment ・Business Networking activities of chambers of commerce, associations, government parties etc. in HK.・Reaching 6000+ subscribers (Dec-13) of broad spectrum of Finance, Law, Consulting, & other industries w/ executives ranging from CEOs to junior levels.・Active primary-tier subscription rate > 60% w/ numerous compliments received from various professionals.・Currently in newsletter format. Now (slowly) setting up commercialization procedures.・Subscription is available at - j.networking00@gmail.com Annual Ball Event Volunteer Company Name Various Chambers of Commerce & Associations Dates volunteered Jun 2009 – Jun 2011 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo ・Event Management in Annual Balls -Silent Auction, Live Auction, Cocktail Arrangement, Event Rundown & Performers arrangements・Canadian Chamber of Commerce in HK, Rotary Club, FCC, Diocesan School Old boy Association etc. Volunteer Consultant Company Name Asian Charity Services Dates volunteered Sep 2016 – Sep 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services 【Strategic Recommendations】● Perform SWOT analysis for associations to identify bottlenecks for sustainability development, and provide consulting advice on the association To-be. Featured Skills & Endorsements Six Sigma See 97 endorsements for Six Sigma 97 Six Sigma Endorsed by Bob Sproull LSS Master BB TOC Jonah, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jesmer’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 73 endorsements for Analysis 73 Analysis Kassian Polin, CFA and 72 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 66 endorsements for Project Management 66 Project Management Endorsed by 3 of Jesmer’s colleagues at IBM Endorsed by 7 people who know Project Management Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Aylwin Wan, CBAP® Multilingual｜Business Analyst at Cathay Pacific Airways｜VP, IIBA (HK)｜MSc. in E. E. Management April 29, 2017, Aylwin worked with Jesmer in the same group In-borne with professionalism and charisma, Aylwin has been always demonstrating his brilliant and detailed communication skills in performing professional Business Analysis, in order to understand requirements and Business needs from all levels of stakeholders.Also, benefited from his Science & Management background, he has also got critical mindset with meticulous skill sets in Program and Project Planning to ensure every task goes smooth and soft landing for his Business Transformation Projects.Even from his volunteering service as VP of Membership Services in IIBA Hong Kong also suggests that his smart use of various tools and presentation slides provide effective and efficient ways to the decisions within our Board.I would thus strongly recommend this professional which would be a great asset to the company for any future employers considering him. Simon Mak CEO of Ascent Partners Group Limited April 22, 2014, Jesmer worked with Simon but at different companies Simon has detail-oriented know-how in valuations for individual/corporate asset management service and has well-versed vision & knowledge in various industries and is highly responsive to speculative economic activities & their corresponding effects to provide the optimal solutions to his clients.Having a gigantic business network relationship and possessed with Six Sigma methodologies, Simon is renowned to be able to meet his own client KPIs with outstanding achievements. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Jesmer has 11 certifications 11 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Scrum Master Big-Data and Hadoop Developer Machine Learning Certificate in Data Analytics Certificate in Data Science Certified TRIZ User Level 2 (Пользователь ТРИЗ) Certified Business Process Associate Certified TRIZ User Level 1 (Пользователь ТРИЗ) Lean Six Sigma Master Black Belt JLPT: Level N1 Jesmer has 6 languages 6 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English French Japanese Mandarin Russian Jesmer has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations Six Sigma Institute Hong Kong Institute of Business Analysts (Hong Kong Chapter) Institute of Electrical & Electronics Engineers CAN Cham HK Jesmer has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Big Data & Hadoop Developer Certification Training Data Science and Engineering w/ Spark Jesmer has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Hong Kong Business Networking Eco-Portal (Newsletter) Interests Entrepreneur Media 1,639,602 followers The Coca-Cola Company 1,264,132 followers Ascent Partners Group Limited 350 followers GSK 962,902 followers IIBA (International Institute of Business Analysis) 141,186 members Zero2IPO Group 824 followers See all See all following
More Actions Haifeng has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Haifeng Li Chief Data Scientist at ADP ADP University of California, Riverside New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Strong thought leadership and extensive accountability for strategic initiatives• Innovative leader with a proven history in delivering end-to-end solutions• Diverse and lucubrated background and experience in a broad range of areas See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Haifeng’s Articles & Activity 2,094 followers The Future Business Model of Payroll Haifeng Li on LinkedIn See 33 more articles The Future Business Model of Payroll Haifeng shared this Dear Class of 2017… Haifeng liked Choosing The Best Tools Haifeng shared this See all activity Experience Chief Data Scientist Company Name ADP Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Leading the big data and data analytics to build an all new Human Capital Management system.• Personalized, event driven, intelligent HCM system• Data management and data governance• NoSQL persistence engine, Hadoop and SQL-on-Hadoop• Knowledge graph, intelligent Q&A system, and next-gen UX• Enterprise social network and collaborative network• Data migration and integration Senior Software Engineer Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area • Created a domain-specific language for modeling exotic derivatives (including equity, interest rate, FX, and more) in a functional programming approach.• Automatic market data, life cycle, and risk management.• Automatic payoff code generation for Monte Carlo simulation.• Automatic trade-capture UI generation.• Research on a new way for American Monte Carlo pricing instead of Longstaff-Schwartz regression. Principal Research Scientist Company Name Motorola Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location Phoenix, Arizona Area Lead research on advanced intelligent systems of next-generation automotive, mobile, and home devices.• Created the world first transparent multi-touch force-sensing touch screen. Solved a series of fundamental theoretical and practical problems including Monte Carlo simulations, system design, software architecture and communication protocol, and algorithm design (detection, interpolation, signature verification, etc.).• Created a large scale TV recommendation system. Designed various recommendation and fusion algorithms including collaborative filters, Bayesian networks, adaptive mixture models, stochastic data fusion, etc.• Researches on natural language processing, including sentiment analysis, named entity recognition, topic detection, topic segmentation, etc.• Accelerometer based gesture recognition for advanced human-machine interface on mobile devices. • Geospatial data mining on mobile devices.• EU project AIDE – Adaptive Integrated Driver-Vehicle Interface. Research Fellow Company Name University of Southern California Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Los Angeles Area Research on systematic characterization of dynamic functional landscape in human genome and optical mapping• Developed a novel approach to integrate and analyze large-scale microarray gene expression data.• Developed the next generation nano technology based optical mapping systems. Education University of California, Riverside Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Computer Science Grade GPA 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 * Machine Learning and Data Mining* Computational Biology and Bioinformatics* Design and Analysis of Algorithms University of New Orleans Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Statistics Grade GPA 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 Statistical inference and pattern recognition. Sichuan University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Computational Mathematics Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 60 endorsements for Machine Learning 60 Machine Learning Endorsed by Tie Wang and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Haifeng’s colleagues at ADP Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 32 endorsements for Big Data 32 Big Data Endorsed by 5 of Haifeng’s colleagues at ADP Endorsed by 7 people who know Big Data Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 58 endorsements for Algorithms 58 Algorithms Endorsed by Tie Wang and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Haifeng’s colleagues at ADP Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Shayne Fletcher Quant Library Architect at Bloomberg L.P. November 12, 2014, Shayne worked with Haifeng in different groups I worked closely with Haifeng for 2 years or so. I can say without hesitation that he is an extraordinarily creative thinker and one of the smartest individuals I've met. It is Haifeng you rely upon when you need a breakthrough on those toughest of problems. He's equally at home in mathematics as in technology and coupled with all of this, has good communication skills and a great work ethic! Hao Li Founder at New Degree Technology Co., Ltd. February 15, 2009, Haifeng worked with Hao in the same group Haifeng and I collaborate on a touch screen project. I'm responsible for the hardware part and he's in charge of software applications. He's very quick in learning the hardware principles and apply the knowledge to the hardware software interface design. He is also very capable of taking a task at hand and dissect it into managable pieces, and finish it with a clear direction. We have very good collaboration and are making great progress on this project. BTW, he's also very easy going person and really nice to talk to. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Papu Maniar NDT June 29, 2010, Haifeng worked with Papu in different groups I have collaborated with Papu and his team on several advanced research projects leaded by him. The collaborations have always been a pleasant journey. He is a manager good at leading us to the strategic objectives by maintaining a motivating, flexible, and friendly environment in which we can explore with our full creative potentials while keeping projects on track. With his vision and direction, our projects came out fruitful results that were not only advanced technologies but also have great business impacts. Papu is also a guru to build external business relationships that built up our reputations and bought substantial values to the company. Overall, Papu is one of greatest directors who I have worked with. Accomplishments Haifeng has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Wall Street Journal Technology Innovation Award BRAVO! Award Campus Prize of UC Data Mining Competition Outstanding Graduate Research Award Haifeng has 3 patents 3 Expand patents section Patents Communication Processing Systems and methods for pressure-based authentication of a signature on a touch screen Systems and methods for pressure-based manipulation of content on a touch screen Haifeng has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Unicorn Smile Eagle Eye Haifeng has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Haifeng has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Introduction to Big Data Applications of Machine Learning Techniques to Bioinformatics Interests Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,425,411 followers Cathy EngelbertCathy Engelbert is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Deloitte 17,009 followers Data Science for Finance and Economics 609 members C++ professionals group 88,297 members Scala Data Analyst (SDA, formation continue, 150 heures) 30 members GPGPU / GPU Users 9,164 members See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Wilson Principal Data Scientist at Knewton Knewton Princeton University New York, New York 297 297 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Been fiddling with computers for a long time. Started off as a mathematician. Currently a data scientist at an education technology company. But still up for chatting about the prime number theorem. Highlights Experience Principal Data Scientist Company Name Knewton Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Much the same as my previous responsibilities as a Data Scientist, but more in the direction of shaping and coordinating Knewton's research program among its many-more-than-when-I-started data scientists and data analysts. Data Scientist Company Name Knewton Dates Employed Aug 2012 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Working with a bunch of really smart people to build a recommendation engine for online education. Involves various tasks from the mundane (ETL on AWS with EMR, code speedups in Python and Java, even at times helping maintain our code review and continuous integration systems) to the profound (data analysis, model development and comparisons, developing new and testing old algorithms on an extremely interesting data set). Education Princeton University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 University of Michigan Degree Name BS Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Teacher, Curriculum Designer, and Coordinator Company Name Lee County Schools Kentucky and TEALS Dates volunteered Jul 2013 – Jul 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Working with several other volunteers, remotely teach a class on computer science to high school sophomores through seniors in the mountains. Many kids don't have reliable or unlimited internet access at home (satellite providers still police bandwidth), and so it is a huge challenge to tailor assignments in a way that students can get the most out of in class time and still be able to work at home.I have also worked with the district and the local computer science teacher to build or edit other curriculum offerings in the school district and have advocated for these opportunities in front of the state education committees. I also, from time to time, help the district to better leverage technology and to seek funding sources for new software or hardware that can help kids learn.The TEALS program, more generally, has volunteers in many schools across the United States, especially in Seattle. Their work has been recognized by many major news outlets, and in particular, the work bring computer science to rural Kentucky has jump started Kentucky's own efforts to improve computer science education throughout the state. Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 12 endorsements for Python 12 Python Endorsed by Sidharth Gupta and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Kevin’s colleagues at Knewton Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 10 endorsements for Statistics 10 Statistics Endorsed by Yuri Broze, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Kevin’s colleagues at Knewton Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 8 endorsements for Machine Learning 8 Machine Learning Endorsed by 6 of Kevin’s colleagues at Knewton Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Princeton University 107,906 followers University of Michigan 368,382 followers University of Michigan 388,110 followers Dennis R. MortensenDennis R. Mortensen is a LinkedIn Influencer ceo and founder at x.ai 278,062 followers Pulse 1,535,168 followers Princeton University 120,082 followers See all See all following
More Actions Samuel (Shengyang) has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Samuel (Shengyang) Xu Data Scientist at Priceline.com Priceline.com Columbia University in the City of New York Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Priceline.com Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Data Scientist Company Name Zenabi Analytics LLC Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Greater New York City Area  Data Processing: Retrieved data from databases with SQL (Oracle) or script public data from websites with R.  Data Validation: Winsorized, discretized, and normalized datasets to clean missing values and outliers. Data-driven Modeling: Analyzed data through supervised data mining methods (classification/regression) and unsupervised methods (clustering and feature extraction) and implemented them with R or SQL.  Model Validation: Calculated key statistics and presented results with Excel and Tableau. Model Automation: Automated the process from data processing and preparation to model calibration and validation with scripting in Unix Shell, SQL, Excel VBA, Outlook VBA, and R. MS degree Company Name Columbia University in the City of New York Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Part-time Financial Analyst Company Name JK Investment Consulting Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area  Large Data Manipulation: Retrieved and processed historical return data for a variety of assets from a variety of academic and practitioner sources, including finance databases such as GFD and CRSP. Term Structure: Constructed constant maturity bond yield indices model disaggregating capital appreciation, income return and total return. VBA Implementation: Derived the model that enabled calculation of rolling returns over whatever time period specified, and implemented it in Excel VBA. Course Assistant Company Name Columbia University in the City of New York Dates Employed Feb 2014 – May 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Course Assistant of Term Structure.Responsibilities&Achievements:- Graded exams, quizzes and weekly homework assignments for over 60 students- Explained financial concepts, theories and models to students in clear and understandable format- Proctored midterm and final exams- Course administration and liaison See more positions Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name Master of Science (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Operations Research Grade 3.93 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Course Assistant of Term Structure 2014 Spring Term Shandong University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Financial Mathematics Grade 86.3 Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: News Reporter of TV Station of Shandong University. 2010~2011 Team Leader of Street Dance Club of Shandong University. 2008~2011 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name New York Cares Dates volunteered Apr 2015 – Apr 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 21 endorsements for Financial Modeling 21 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Anna Di and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Samuel (Shengyang)’s colleagues at Zenabi Analytics LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 20 endorsements for Matlab 20 Matlab Endorsed by Arka Bandyopadhyay and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Samuel (Shengyang)’s colleagues at Zenabi Analytics LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 17 endorsements for Statistics 17 Statistics Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Samuel (Shengyang)’s colleagues at Priceline.com Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Samuel (Shengyang) has 26 courses 26 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Algebra Application Programming for Financial Engineering Applied Statistics Corporate Economics Deterministic Model Economics Financial Engineering Financial Investment Financial Mathematics Geometry Samuel (Shengyang) has 6 projects 6 Expand projects section Projects Customer Satisfaction (CSAT) Dashboard Customer Lifetime Value Anlaysis Average Daily Rates (ADR) Analysis Portfolio Constructor via Mean – Variance Model Robust Arbitrage Detector Littlefield Technologies Simulation Samuel (Shengyang) has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests Finance Club 1,035,506 members National Museum of Mathematics 20,099 followers The D. E. Shaw Group 19,381 followers Trepp, LLC 5,093 followers Dennis K. BermanDennis K. Berman is a LinkedIn Influencer Financial Editor of the Wall Street Journal 151,679 followers Columbia University Alumni Subgroup - Greater New York 374 members See all See all following
More Actions janardhan has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd janardhan reddy Freelance Hadoop/ Spark Trainer ...../Data Engineer /Data scientist using Hadoop,Spark,Machine learning in R LinkedIn Birla Institute of Technology Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My objective is to pursue career in data mining and data sciences using bigdata flaforms and also interested in integrating data platforms.Research interest in the field of Machine Learning,Information Retrieval,Information Extraction..Currently working on Big Data and data science platform.Data tells us a lot of stories. I am proud to be at a position that not only I can play with data, but also can provide useful insights from the data and can be valuable to the business and decision making process.I am always willing to learn new things and try to blend technologies to produce better, optimized and useful results.VSKILLS certified hadoop developerFamiliar with design ,develop and implement large scale and high dimensional databases.Strong Interest in discovering the pattern behind the data to aid business decision making.Specialties: Knowlodge of Mathematical modeling and optimization, AlgorithmsWorking exprince of Hadoop - HDFS, Map Reduce, PIG, HIVE.Basic understanding of FLUME, SQOOP, OOZIE, MAHOUT.Data Analysis using Rwork experience in of Core Java 5 years of experience in SQL & NOSQL Databases(mongo,Hbase).Worked extensively on RDBMS. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} janardhan’s Articles & Activity 7,750 followers Blockchain unleashed janardhan reddy on LinkedIn See 3 more articles Your 'inner voice' is an as*hole. Here's how you can shut it down janardhan liked Richard’s photo janardhan liked See all activity Experience Data Specialist Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Banglore do all things with data Data scientist Company Name Manthan Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India I am working as Data scientist using Different tools for Data Engineering and Data Science Hadoop developer/Analytics Company Name Tata Consultancy Services Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India Hadoop developer and Analyst in R,SAS software engineer Company Name Cegedim Dendrite Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo worked as as data engineerresponsible for loading customer data using to Hiveresponsible for queries in HIve,Oracleresponsibe for maitanance of hadoop data systemResponsible for Unix monitoring system software engineer Company Name Mphasis Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs worked as database programmer in datawarehousing project using plsql and shell scipting as developer resposible for deveoping and enhancement of plsql objects,datamart ,shell scipts Education Birla Institute of Technology Degree Name MCA Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Debate room,group discussion,algorithm design MCA APRS Tadikonda Degree Name schooling Field Of Study all subjects Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Hadoop See 235 endorsements for Hadoop 99+ Hadoop Endorsed by Slim Baltagi and 30 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of janardhan’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 39 endorsements for Machine Learning 39 Machine Learning Endorsed by Ujjwal Karn, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of janardhan’s colleagues at Tata Consultancy Services Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 190 endorsements for Big Data 99+ Big Data Endorsed by Slim Baltagi and 22 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 17 of janardhan’s colleagues at Tata Consultancy Services Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Monimala Chatterjee Business Develoment Manager at Vskills February 5, 2014, Monimala was janardhan’s mentor Janardhan has successfully cleared Hadoop(Big Data) Certification of Vskills. Vskills is a prior learning assessment programme run by a Govt of India Enterprise. Janardhan has cleared the assessment exam with a top percentile score and recommend him to any prospective employer.http://www.vskills.in/certification/mycertificate/Janardhan-Reddy-1051ZKA140100014.jpg Ranganathan Chidambaranathan Actively Seeking Full Time Opportunity in the field of Software Engineering. February 5, 2016, janardhan was senior to Ranganathan but didn’t manage directly I had the pleasure of working with Ranga for 1 year at Cegedim on various products. I was impressed with Ranga’s ability to handle multiple clients as a Fresher. His Technical skills were very good. It was great working with him and I am sure he would be an asset to any company. Accomplishments janardhan has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Kannada Telugu janardhan has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications AMCAT Certified Data Processing Specialist AMCAT Certified Software Engineer - IT Services Hadoop developer janardhan has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses MCA VSKILLS certified Hadoop developer janardhan has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project GMAC Interests KPMG 583,316 followers Kiran Mazumdar-ShawKiran Mazumdar-Shaw is a LinkedIn Influencer CMD at Biocon Limited 463,961 followers MITRE 30,913 followers NTT DATA Corporation 33,561 followers Fiserv 138,968 followers Cognizant 1,095,344 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ling has a account Ling Cheng Lead Data Scientist at Glassdoor (Hiring!) Glassdoor Columbia University in the City of New York San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Lead Data Scientist Company Name Glassdoor Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Helping people make better decisions about where to work. Senior Data Scientist Company Name Glassdoor Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Live projects include:- Content auto-moderation algorithm using text features and machine learning models- Classifier of eclectic job titles to Glassdoor occupations- Job Explorer to visualize job opportunities and career progressions, presented at the White House- Predicted sales renewal/win probabilities, churn risk types, and deal sizes Data Science Consultant Company Name Samasource Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Develop mathematical models to optimize performance of digital workforce in emerging markets. Head of Data Science & Developer Company Name Sustainability Start-up Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos - Developed and maintained site to collect, aggregate, and display sustainability practices of businesses data (using python Django)- Won second place at the Business for Social Responsibility Hackathon- At the time, I was one of two full-time co-founders, and left before the start-up was funded Sr Business Analyst/Data Scientist Company Name Simply Hired Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Sunnyvale, CA - As one of the first two data analysts/scientists, built data tools for Sales and self-service program, and coded our first web analytics dashboards for business managers- Product manager for marketing automation (Google Adwords), search, and job quality.- Reported to COO (2011) and CPO (2012) See more positions Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Applied Math Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 La Canada High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 University Hill Secondary Degree Name High School Volunteer Experience Coach Company Name Girls on the Run of the Bay Area Dates volunteered Sep 2010 – Dec 2010 Volunteer duration 4 mos Cause Health At East Palo Alto Charter School Tutor Company Name 49ers Academy Dates volunteered Sep 2010 – Dec 2010 Volunteer duration 4 mos Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 38 endorsements for Analytics 38 Analytics Endorsed by James Beriker and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ling’s colleagues at Glassdoor Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 27 endorsements for Python 27 Python Endorsed by Ji-Hun Cho and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ling’s colleagues at Glassdoor Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 21 endorsements for Data Analysis 21 Data Analysis Endorsed by Nicholas Litombe, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ling’s colleagues at Glassdoor Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Gloria Tian Data Scientist - Auction & Delivery at Facebook January 4, 2017, Ling managed Gloria directly Gloria is a skilled data scientist and valued team player. She executes well, whips up beautiful visualizations, keeps on top of new technical skills, and provides thoughtful opinions. It was a pleasure to work with Gloria! Lavanya Kona Software Quality Developer at Adobe January 28, 2012, Ling worked with Lavanya in different groups Lavanya takes initiative, understands business implications, and is a pleasure to work with. She initiated development on our first online ads bid automation tool —an important lever in our business— on top of her QA responsibilities. Lavanya understands the business logic, and was a valuable contributor to our initial business systems discussions. She also prototyped an internal web dashboard to help spot searcher issues. Lavanya exudes a positive and patient attitude, which is inspiring during challenging times. Accomplishments Ling has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Machine Learning Stochastic Models Ling has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Salary Prediction Kaggle Data Science Competition Interests Tim WestergrenTim Westergren is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO, Pandora 181,490 followers Ron ShaichRon Shaich is a LinkedIn Influencer founder, chairman, & CEO at Panera Bread 224,649 followers Jeffrey WalkerJeffrey Walker is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman, New Profit 87,948 followers Leila JanahLeila Janah is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO of Samasource and Co-Founder and CEO of LXMI 458,869 followers Columbia University in the City of New York 283,715 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,361 followers See all See all following
More Actions Leslie has a account Leslie Pham - Data Scientist Field Energy Specialist at SolarCity SolarCity General Assembly Orange County, California Area 38 38 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My name is Leslie Pham and I am a Data Scientist based in the Orange County area. My previous studies at Orange Coast College and San Francisco State University are focused in Physics and Astronomy. I was introduced to the world of tech and coding while in San Francisco and decided to go to General Assembly to study Data Science. In a short amount of time I have learned Python, SQL, Tableau, Data Visualization, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Web Scraping and many more skills. I chose General Assembly's Data Science Immersive program because I felt it would provide me with a curriculum to challenge my abilities while also providing ample resources for me to do my best. I believe my time at Starbucks provided me with the endurance and concentration to work through the vigorous program GA provides as I would work through a busy, never-ending shift at work. Fast-paced, high-pressure work environments have taught me to remain calm and focused to work through problems and piece together solutions as efficiently as possible. My field of interest with Data Science is within Fashion and Beauty but I am open to any workplaces that will challenge me as a Data Scientist and allow me to grow my skill sets as well. I personally would like to work in an office with other Data Scientists or as part of a team. Please contact me to have a chat about all things Data Science. Thanks!Languages: Python , SQL, PandasVisualizations: Seaborn, Matplotlib, TableauWeb Scraping Tools: BeautifulSoup, XPath, ScrapyDatabases: PostgreSQL, AWS, Spark, HadoopVersion Control: Git, GithubOther Skills: Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Field Energy Specialist Company Name SolarCity Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Education General Assembly Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 General Assembly's Data Science Immersive program is a grueling 40 hr/ week hands on program that trains programmers of all ages and skill sets to excel at the everyday roles of a Data Scientist. I am constantly engaged in class and motivated to work with other students to feed off each others knowledge and grow as a group. Our weekly regiment consists of daily Python challenge problems (normally taken from Project Euler), code-along lessons to introduce new skills, group or individual lab sessions to practice and refine our skills, and then a weekly project to showcase our skills for the week. San Francisco State University Field Of Study Physics and Astronomy Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 I transferred to San Francisco State University for the 2015-2016 school year. During my year at SFSU I studied Physics, Math, and Astronomy to further my degree but I was also introduced to the world of tech and programming. I decided to put my degree on hold to pursue a possible career in Data Science back in Los Angeles. Orange Coast College Degree Name GED Field Of Study Physics and Astronomy Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Astronomy Club - Events Coordinator I've spent 3 years of my college career at Orange Coast College to explore possible career paths I could invest in as well as broaden my knowledge of many useful skills. At Orange Coast College I decided to focus my studies on Physics and Astronomy. I also discovered a great passion for Communication Studies and Human Sexuality in Psychology while I was there. Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 2 endorsements for Python 2 Python Bea Casey and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 2 endorsements for Machine Learning 2 Machine Learning Bea Casey and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Git See 2 endorsements for Git 2 Git Bea Casey and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Leslie has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Capstone - Yelp Dataset Challenge ***In progress Project 5 - Titanic Dataset Analysis Project 1 - SAT Scores and Summary Statistics Interests Orange Coast College 45,722 followers Information Technology 2,335,730 followers General Assembly 28,553 followers Entertainment 3,472,696 followers Travel & Leisure 2,834,450 followers General Assembly 59,712 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mathieu has a account Mathieu Besançon Process and Industrial Engineering Master student Equisense Université de Technologie de Compiègne Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am currently studying in Process and Industrial Engineering at the UTC, in France, with a minor in Mathematical Modeling. My education and different experiences give me a strong and broad background to understand, model and optimize complex systems.Curious, dynamic and enjoying team work, I'm always looking for new opportunities and challenges, especially on industrial or energy projects with high impact and using technologies from different fields.I will be looking for a 6-month placement starting in January or February 2016, feel free to contact me. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Research Engineer, Data Scientist Company Name Equisense Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Lille Area, France Equisense is bringing IoT technologies and data science to horse owners and riders, to understand and improve horse health, wellness and performance. The Research team discovers new ways to build an objective view of horses wellfare and develops the associated data analysis techniques in collaboration with the Product Management and developers. The mission involves several fields including:- Design of experiments- Digital Signal Processing- Statistical analysis- Machine Learning- Development of embedded algorithmsData science activities consist in understanding the data available across all Equisense activities, the questions that can be answered in those areas and make the magic happen. Master Thesis Company Name Siemens Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Karlsruhe Area, Germany Master Thesis at the Technology and Innovation team of the Digital Factory division. Study of event data generated by automated industrial systems.Modeling of production phenomena as stochastic processes.Design of algorithms building alarm chains following given models Tests, improvement and validation on several production data sets.Development of a library for the analysis of new industrial processes.Keywords: pattern discovery, control, automation, stochastic processes, Markov models Research Engineer Company Name Equisense Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Compiègne Equisense is a promising start-up bringing analytics insights Internet of Things to horse riders. I joined a multi-skilled team tackling engineering, business and applied science challenges. Junior Process & Improvement Engineer Company Name ArcelorMittal Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Hamburg, Germany In charge of several projects for the improvement of the rolling mill process.- Analysis of the process and of potential sources of metal loss- Benchmark of other plants- Use of the 6-Sigma framework- Crossing and analyzing the production data, using different statistical methods.- Collaborative work with the production teams, maintenance and IT Media (1) This position has 1 media ArcelorMittal Hamburg - Production Process ArcelorMittal Hamburg - Production Process This media is an image Head of the Process Engineering Unit Company Name USEC - Junior Entreprise de l'UTC Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Managing the projects for companies such as industrial process improvement, thermal simulation and optimization.Recruitment, training and coaching of consultants and business managers. Media (1) This position has 1 media USEC Junior Entreprise de l'UTC USEC Junior Entreprise de l'UTC This media is a link See more positions Education Université de Technologie de Compiègne Degree Name Master of Science (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Process and Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Students-Companies forum, Junior-Enterprise, Fablab This master of engineering provides me with key technical skills and applied sciences required for understanding, designing and implementing industrial processes and systems, with the wide application fields it covers.Aside from these key aspects of my major, I am following two minors: - FIRME dealing with the international aspects of business and strategy (courses in marketing, competitive intelligence, international economics and management, ...)- Mathematical Modeling (numerical methods in engineering, operational research & optimization, advanced stochastic). Université de Montréal - Ecole polytechnique de Montréal Degree Name Exchange Program in Applied Science and Engineering Field Of Study Mathematics and Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2015 Technische Universität Carolo-Wilhelmina zu Braunschweig Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.Eng.) Field Of Study Energy and Process Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 This exchange semester at the University of Technology of Braunschweig (one of the top technological universities in Germany) was a great opportunity for me to develop my technical skills in Process, Bioprocess and Energy engineering, and numerical techniques for engineering. I also took part in the publication of a group project on power plants technology. See more education Volunteer Experience First aid team member Company Name Croix Blanche Secourut's Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Jun 2014 Volunteer duration 6 mos Cause Health Equipier secouriste PSE1 sur les postes de secours. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 13 endorsements for Data Analysis 13 Data Analysis Endorsed by Flávio Mariano A P Carvalho and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mathieu’s colleagues at USEC - Junior Entreprise de l'UTC Click and drag to reorder skills R See 10 endorsements for R 10 R Endorsed by Flávio Mariano A P Carvalho, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mathieu’s colleagues at USEC - Junior Entreprise de l'UTC Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 8 endorsements for Python 8 Python Endorsed by Jaafar ELALAMY, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mathieu’s colleagues at USEC - Junior Entreprise de l'UTC Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Benoit BLANCHER Co-founder & CEO at Equisense October 6, 2015, Benoit managed Mathieu directly Mathieu worked as a R&D Engineer at Equisense which is an innovative startup bringing IoT and analytics to horseriders. He is a proactive guy who proved himself able to drive a team. I was impressed by Mathieu's curiosity and maturity. These allowed him to handle various issues from technology to business very easily. Moreover, he is a great engineer that can address technical and scientific issues in depth. Furthermore, he is friendly and easily takes part in the team life and it is a pleasure to work with him everyday. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mathieu has 26 courses 26 Expand courses section Courses Bioprocess Engineering Chemical Kinetics and Reactors Competitive Intelligence and Strategy Control Engineering Control and Automation of Industrial Processes Data Mining Design of an Industrial Unit Economic Analysis of Industrial Processes Fluid mechanics Heat Transfer Mathieu has 15 certifications 15 Expand certifications section Certifications Big Data Analysis with Scala and Spark Practical Machine Learning Data Analysis and Statistical Inference Getting and Cleaning Data R Programming Advanced Competitive Strategy Exploratory Data Analysis Regression Models Reproducible Research The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Mathieu has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French German Spanish Mathieu has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Sequential control system for operating a mobile hoist Design of an industrial unit : post-combustion compression and cryogenic purification of CO2 Technical and economical study of the pyrolysis of waste tires Increase in power plants flexibility for a higher integration of renewable energy. Interests James Caan CBEJames Caan CBE is a LinkedIn Influencer Serial Entrepreneur and Investor in People with Passion 2,834,891 followers Sales Strategies 3,608,048 followers Technip 483,655 followers École Polytechnique de Montréal 11,963 followers VIZIMAX 817 followers Ecole polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne 51,607 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steven has a account Steven McAlpine Data Scientist and Masters Candidate at Columbia University Anthro Agency Columbia University in the City of New York Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist (Independent Contractor) Company Name Anthro Agency Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Responsible for a variety of tasks related to gauging public opinion through surveys and predictive modeling. Primarily use R for modeling / analysis and often use QGIS for visualization. *Use polling data combined with voter data to build models that identify issue importance and persuadability, then identify best targets for campaigns*Measure campaign effectiveness at moving ballot intention and candidate image using test/control methodologies and determine significance with t-tests and Bayesian modeling in RStan*Perform Multilevel Regression and Poststratification (MRP) to estimate geotemporal variations of public opinion Data Scientist (Independent Contractor) Company Name Grocery Retailer Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 2 mos Assisted retailer in predicting individual customer satisfaction by modeling transactional data combined with survey responses to identify correlates with customer satisfaction. Analysis performed primarily in SAS and SQL. Senior Manager Company Name UM Worldwide Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location New York, New York Managed a team of fellow analytical planners tasked to assist the integrated planning team with media decisions. Created multiplicative marketing-mix models to assess the impact of marketing efforts and utilized non-linear programming optimization software to determine the most effective use of media spend. Primarily used SAS for modeling and GAMS for optimization. Senior Associate Analyst Company Name dunnhumbyUSA Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location New York, New York Helped clients better understand their customers by deriving insights from behavioral data mined using SAS/SQL. Used insights and regression modeling to create multi-channel targeted communications with relevant offers for customers. Analyzed customer behavior across product categories and channels to provide merchandising recommendations. Measured engagement with loyalty programs to discover improvement areas. Identified patterns within customer behavior to create segmentations. Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Field Of Study Quantitative Methods in Social Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 University of Virginia Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Commerce, Marketing and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Duke University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: President of Delta Tau Delta, Senator of Student Affairs in Duke Student Government, Student Staff at the Office of the Vice President of Student Affairs, Organic Chemistry Tutor Featured Skills & Endorsements Segmentation See 13 endorsements for Segmentation 13 Segmentation Endorsed by Elena Bond, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Steven’s colleagues at UM Worldwide Click and drag to reorder skills Multi-channel Marketing See 3 endorsements for Multi-channel Marketing 3 Multi-channel Marketing Endorsed by 2 of Steven’s colleagues at dunnhumby Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 23 endorsements for Data Analysis 23 Data Analysis Endorsed by Anthony Kilili and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Steven’s colleagues at UM Worldwide Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Steven has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores GRE GRE Interests Anthro 69 followers University of Virginia 165,385 followers Duke University 140,313 followers SAS/SPSS Marketing & Data Analysts 6,965 members University of Virginia Alumni, Students and Friends 45,168 members UM Worldwide 41,183 followers See all See all following
More Actions Colin Clemence has a account Colin Clemence - Data Scientist Machine Learning | Big Data Analytics | Python | SciKit Learn | Scipy | Pandas | Gensim | NLTK | MatPlotLib | Postgres | SQL Brown Armstrong Certified Public Accountants General Assembly Santa Monica, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Languages: Python, SQL, RegexModules: Pandas, Numpy, Scipy, SciKit Learn, StatsmodelsNLP: spaCy, nltk, gensimWeb Scraping: BeautifulSoup, Selenium, XpathVisualizers: Tableau, Matplotlib, Pyplot, Seaborn, ExcelDatabases: PostgresSQL, SQLVersion Control: GIT, GitHubBig Data: Hadoop, Spark, AWS, Databricks See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Information Technology Specialist Company Name Brown Armstrong Certified Public Accountants Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Bakersfield, California Customer Care Company Name The Black Tux Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Santa Monica, CA Director Of Operations Company Name Grace's Limousine Services Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Location Beverly Hills Key Responsibilities:-Brand Strategy and Development-Define and Exact Service Standards-Client Retention and Recovery-Hiring/ Training New Chauffeurs-Public Relations-New Account Generation-Logistics Management-Fleet ManagementKey Technologies:- LimoWiz- LimoAnywhere Guest Services Associate Company Name Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Beverly Hills Served as a proud member of the Guest Services Department expediting various requests from the world's most discerning clientele in accordance with Four Seasons service standards.Key Technologies:- Micros OES- Hotel Expert- GoConcierge - OpenTable Senior Account Manager Company Name Cydcor Dates Employed Nov 2003 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater Pittsburgh Area Lead and developed outside sales force to conduct face-to-face sales on behalf of clients AT&T and Quill.comKey Responsibilities:-Team Building and Motivation-Sales Training and Mentorship-Gather and Interpret Performance Statistics-Hiring-New Account Generation-Service Recovery Education General Assembly Field Of Study Data Science Immersive Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Python (SciKit Learn, StatsModels, Scipy, Numpy, Pandas, Patsy, MatPlotLib, Seaborn, BeautifulSoup), SQL, PostgreSQL, Regex, GIT, Tableau, Big Data, Machine Learning, Web Scrapping, Data Analysis, Data Mining Lehigh Carbon Community College Degree Name Associate's Degree Field Of Study Business Administration, Radio and TV Production Grade 3.5 Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa, Student Government Phi Beta Kappa, Student Government Featured Skills & Endorsements Hospitality See 35 endorsements for Hospitality 35 Hospitality Endorsed by Kevin King and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Colin Clemence’s colleagues at Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts Click and drag to reorder skills Hospitality Management See 28 endorsements for Hospitality Management 28 Hospitality Management Endorsed by Kevin King and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Colin Clemence’s colleagues at Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 25 endorsements for Customer Service 25 Customer Service Endorsed by 7 of Colin Clemence’s colleagues at Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Neohire South 1,239 followers Lehigh Carbon Community College 9,575 followers Hotel Bel-Air 1,620 followers Big Data | Analytics | Strategy | Finance | Innovation 229,953 members The Global Institute for Visionary Executives, Entrepreneurs and Those Executives in Transition 961 members Crowne Plaza Beverly Hills 40 followers See all See all following
More Actions Aous has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Aous Abdo, Ph.D. Lead Data Scientist at JLL JLL Michigan State University Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Scientist (with PhD in Physics) with 12+ years of experience in analyzing structured, unstructured, and semi-structured data using R, Python, etc. and utilizing statistical and quantitative tools to analyze and transform data into business insights. 8+ years of experience in project management: from proposal preparation and funding to project management and resource allocation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Lead Data Scientist Company Name JLL Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Chicago Area Founder and President Company Name Analytica Data Science Solutions Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Falls Church Virginia Lead Data Scientist Company Name Hewlett-Packard Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Herndon Virginia Senior Data Scientist Company Name Hewlett-Packard Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Herndon Virginia Senior data scientist with the Analytics and Data Management division. Project Leader Company Name Institute for Defense Analyses Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr - Developed and implemented a suite of web-based interactive statistical analysis tools to be used by analysts in the DoD community. The suite included apps for: 1. Statistical power and confidence tool for various common distributions (binomial, chi-square, etc.) 2. Reliability Analysis: Mean-time-between-failure calculator with confidence intervals 3. Operating Characteristic Curves calculator 4. Linear regression 5. Logistic regression 6. ANOVA See more positions Education Michigan State University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Physics Grade Summa Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: The National Honor Society On the discovery of new Galactic sources of very high energy radiation through the development of a set of advanced algorithms to search large data sets, ~ 10s of billions of events data sets, for a faint signal in an overwhelming background. Michigan State University Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Theoretical Nuclear Physics Grade Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Built a theoretical model, which was later verified by data, for the effect of phonon anharmonicity in even-even spherical nuclei. University of Jordan Degree Name Bachelor's Degree in Science Field Of Study Physics Grade Summa Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Volunteer Experience Reviewer for the NASA Postdoctoral Program Company Name NASA Goddard Space Flight Center Dates volunteered Mar 2009 – Mar 2009 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Serves as a reviewer for the NASA Postdoctoral Program (NPP). The NPP provides postdoctoral scientists and engineers with valuable opportunities to engage in ongoing NASA research activities and serves as a source of talent to ensure the continued quality of the NASA research workforce. This is an ongoing role that I serve on about 3 times a year. Journal Referee Company Name IOP Publishing Dates volunteered 2008 – 2008 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Science and Technology Referee for the Astrophysical Journal. Journal Referee Company Name Elsevier Dates volunteered 2009 – 2009 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Science and Technology Journal Referee See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Mathematical Modeling See 55 endorsements for Mathematical Modeling 55 Mathematical Modeling Endorsed by Roshan Foadi, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Aous’ colleagues at Institute for Defense Analyses Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 38 endorsements for Matlab 38 Matlab Endorsed by Professor Rustom Mamlook, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Aous’ colleagues at Institute for Defense Analyses Click and drag to reorder skills Mathematica See 25 endorsements for Mathematica 25 Mathematica Anas S. and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (13) Given (6) Bo Dagnall Chief Technologist, VA Account at Hewlett-Packard August 21, 2015, Bo was senior to Aous but didn’t manage directly I worked with Dr Abdo at HP on a real-time health systems project. We needed a data scientist to do data simulations and help with analytics. Dr. Abdo completed tasks and brought fresh thinking and innovation to the team. He was eager to problem solve and was creative in his solutioning. I recommend Dr. Abdo for projects needing innovation, creativity and deep thinking. Alex Vig Research Assistant at Institute for Defense Analyses March 31, 2014, Alex worked with Aous in different groups Aous always has a smile on his face and is a pleasure to interact with. His energy and enthusiasm in developing web-based apps has resulted in streamlined and effective tools for statistical analyses. View 11 more recommendations View 11 more recommendations recommendations Kristian L. Rucker Executive Information Technology Department & Project Coordinator February 13, 2017, Kristian L. worked with Aous in the same group Kristian is a fantastic person to work with. She is one of the best office managers I have worked with. She is an experienced team player and is always ready to deal with difficult situations and solve problems on time. She has a great sense of humor and is a pleasure to work with. Michele Usuelli Lead Data Scientist at Microsoft - Technical Author August 8, 2016, Aous worked with Michele but at different companies Michele is one of the authors of the excellent book "Building a Recommendation System with R"This book, as far as I know, is the only book on the subject of recommender systems in R. The book is a great resource for those interested in building a recommender system in R from the grounds up. The authors start by giving a good overview of the recommender problems with detailed examples, then in the second chapter they cover the techniques used in recommender systems. The last three chapters present the in-depth process of building and evaluating a recommender system in R. Chapter 5 gives a very detailed example of building a recommender system using unstructured data. I would highly recommend this book! View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Aous has 11 publications 11 Expand publications section Publications Multi-wavelength Observations of the Binary System PSR B1259-63/LS 2883 Around the 2010-2011 Periastron Passage PSR J0007+7303 in the CTA1 SNR: New Gamma-ray Results from Two Years of Fermi-LAT Observations Discovery of High-Energy Gamma-Ray Emission from the Binary System PSR B1259-63/LS 2883 Around Periastron with Fermi PRECISE γ-RAY TIMING AND RADIO OBSERVATIONS OF 17 FERMI γ-RAY PULSARS EIGHT γ-RAY PULSARS DISCOVERED IN BLIND FREQUENCY SEARCHES OF FERMI LAT DATA PSR J1907+0602: A Radio-Faint Gamma-Ray Pulsar Powering a Bright TeV Pulsar Wind Nebula Detection of 16 Gamma-Ray Pulsars Through Blind Frequency Searches Using the Fermi LAT The Fermi Large Area Telescope discovers the pulsar in the young galactic supernova remnant CTA 1 DISCOVERY OF LOCALIZED TEV GAMMA-RAY SOURCES AND DIFFUSE TEV GAMMA-RAY EMISSION: FROM THE GALACTIC PLANE WITH MILAGRO USING A NEW BACKGROUND REJECTION TECHNIQUE TeV Gamma-Ray Sources from a Survey of the Galactic Plane with Milagro Aous has 8 honors 8 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Continuous Research Award NASA Group Achievement Award NASA's Fermi Cycle III Guest Investigator Program Grant NASA's Fermi Cycle III Guest Investigator Program Grant National Research Council Postdoctoral Research Publication Award Sherwood K. Haynes Graduate Physics Award for the Outstanding PhD. Student in Physics and Astronomy The Outstanding Scientific Achievement in Natural Sciences The Outstanding Scientific Achievement in Physics Aous has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations American Astronomical Society Academy of Model Aeronautics National Honor Society Aous has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Interactive Statistical Analyses Web Apps Predicting the Quality of Weight-Lefting Exercises With Machine Learning Time Series Analysis of Fermi LAT Pulsars Aous has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English Interests useR! 2015 73 members Green Jobs & Career Network 141,046 members ROOT 1,616 members KPMG US 450,233 followers PhD Physicists 10,357 members Pulse 1,535,170 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Kevin Novak Pricing and Operations Tools at Uber Freight Data Collective Michigan State University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Equity Partner Company Name Data Collective Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Excited to be a member of the Data Collective group! Head of Data & Engineering, Pricing & Operations Tooling Company Name Uber Advanced Technologies Group Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Building the world's most intelligent freight marketplace. Head of Data Science Platform Company Name Uber Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Building a research focused, analytically driven group of data professionals. The Data Science & Analytics team is responsible for pre-feature development research and feasibility experimentation, as well as post-facto analysis to determine the efficacy and quality of complex data features and products. Head of Data Science Company Name Uber Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Data Scientist Company Name Uber Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco, CA Mathematics, Applied Statistics, Demand Forecasting,Computer Programming, Dynamic Pricing algorithms. Solving mathematical problems in the transportation industry. See more positions Education Michigan State University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Graduate Student Union (member), American Physical Society, Physics Dept. Softball Team GPA: 4.0. Awarded Teaching Assistantship three times (Fall 2008, Spring 2009, Summer 2009). Xavier University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Physics (major), Math/Computer Science (minor) Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Sigma Pi Sigma, American Physical Society, Xavier Club Football Team (Founding Member, Captain), Physics Club, Outdoors Club, Xavier Rugby Team, Society of Physics Students Graduated with a 3.2 (3.65 Physics) GPA. Awards include:Michigan Merit Award (2004-2005) and the Xavier Presidential Scholarship (2004-2008). Awarded a Hauck Research Grant twice (Summer 2005, Fall 2007), as well as being a Hauck Scholar. Helped to organize and found the Xavier Club Football Team and was elected game captain three times by teammates. Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 57 endorsements for Statistics 57 Statistics Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 22 of Kevin’s colleagues at Uber Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 44 endorsements for Data Analysis 44 Data Analysis Endorsed by Bradley Voytek and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 17 of Kevin’s colleagues at Uber Click and drag to reorder skills Physics See 34 endorsements for Physics 34 Physics Endorsed by Renjun Xu, Ph.D., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Kevin’s colleagues at Uber Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Mark P Xu Neyer Software Engineering and Technical Leadership April 15, 2014, Mark P Xu worked with Kevin in the same group Mark is an incredibly insightful engineer and technologist. He had a passion for tackling the hardest problems we had, often innovating and solving other engineering problems along the way. Accomplishments Kevin has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Determining Fundamental Properties of Matter Created in Ultrarelativistic Heavy-Ion Collisions Interests Michigan State University 347,175 followers Andrew ChenAndrew Chen is a LinkedIn Influencer Growth at Uber 119,161 followers Data Collective 1,115 followers Xavier University 53,668 followers Pierre-Dimitri Gore-CotyPierre-Dimitri Gore-Coty is a LinkedIn Influencer Head of EMEA at Uber 41,140 followers Dennis R. MortensenDennis R. Mortensen is a LinkedIn Influencer ceo and founder at x.ai 278,064 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steven has a account Steven McAlpine Data Scientist and Masters Candidate at Columbia University Anthro Agency Columbia University in the City of New York Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist (Independent Contractor) Company Name Anthro Agency Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Responsible for a variety of tasks related to gauging public opinion through surveys and predictive modeling. Primarily use R for modeling / analysis and often use QGIS for visualization. *Use polling data combined with voter data to build models that identify issue importance and persuadability, then identify best targets for campaigns*Measure campaign effectiveness at moving ballot intention and candidate image using test/control methodologies and determine significance with t-tests and Bayesian modeling in RStan*Perform Multilevel Regression and Poststratification (MRP) to estimate geotemporal variations of public opinion Data Scientist (Independent Contractor) Company Name Grocery Retailer Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 2 mos Assisted retailer in predicting individual customer satisfaction by modeling transactional data combined with survey responses to identify correlates with customer satisfaction. Analysis performed primarily in SAS and SQL. Senior Manager Company Name UM Worldwide Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location New York, New York Managed a team of fellow analytical planners tasked to assist the integrated planning team with media decisions. Created multiplicative marketing-mix models to assess the impact of marketing efforts and utilized non-linear programming optimization software to determine the most effective use of media spend. Primarily used SAS for modeling and GAMS for optimization. Senior Associate Analyst Company Name dunnhumbyUSA Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location New York, New York Helped clients better understand their customers by deriving insights from behavioral data mined using SAS/SQL. Used insights and regression modeling to create multi-channel targeted communications with relevant offers for customers. Analyzed customer behavior across product categories and channels to provide merchandising recommendations. Measured engagement with loyalty programs to discover improvement areas. Identified patterns within customer behavior to create segmentations. Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Field Of Study Quantitative Methods in Social Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 University of Virginia Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Commerce, Marketing and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Duke University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: President of Delta Tau Delta, Senator of Student Affairs in Duke Student Government, Student Staff at the Office of the Vice President of Student Affairs, Organic Chemistry Tutor Featured Skills & Endorsements Segmentation See 13 endorsements for Segmentation 13 Segmentation Endorsed by Elena Bond, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Steven’s colleagues at UM Worldwide Click and drag to reorder skills Multi-channel Marketing See 3 endorsements for Multi-channel Marketing 3 Multi-channel Marketing Endorsed by 2 of Steven’s colleagues at dunnhumby Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 23 endorsements for Data Analysis 23 Data Analysis Endorsed by Anthony Kilili and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Steven’s colleagues at UM Worldwide Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Steven has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores GRE GRE Interests Duke University 149,662 followers Duke University Alumni Network 39,678 members McIntire School of Commerce 5,795 members Retention , CRM, Customer Insights & Loyalty Marketing professionals 22,747 members RDataMining: R and Data Mining 25,912 members Pulse 1,535,171 followers See all See all following
More Actions Colin Clemence has a account Colin Clemence - Data Scientist Machine Learning | Big Data Analytics | Python | SciKit Learn | Scipy | Pandas | Gensim | NLTK | MatPlotLib | Postgres | SQL Brown Armstrong Certified Public Accountants General Assembly Santa Monica, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Languages: Python, SQL, RegexModules: Pandas, Numpy, Scipy, SciKit Learn, StatsmodelsNLP: spaCy, nltk, gensimWeb Scraping: BeautifulSoup, Selenium, XpathVisualizers: Tableau, Matplotlib, Pyplot, Seaborn, ExcelDatabases: PostgresSQL, SQLVersion Control: GIT, GitHubBig Data: Hadoop, Spark, AWS, Databricks See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Information Technology Specialist Company Name Brown Armstrong Certified Public Accountants Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Bakersfield, California Customer Care Company Name The Black Tux Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Santa Monica, CA Director Of Operations Company Name Grace's Limousine Services Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Location Beverly Hills Key Responsibilities:-Brand Strategy and Development-Define and Exact Service Standards-Client Retention and Recovery-Hiring/ Training New Chauffeurs-Public Relations-New Account Generation-Logistics Management-Fleet ManagementKey Technologies:- LimoWiz- LimoAnywhere Guest Services Associate Company Name Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Beverly Hills Served as a proud member of the Guest Services Department expediting various requests from the world's most discerning clientele in accordance with Four Seasons service standards.Key Technologies:- Micros OES- Hotel Expert- GoConcierge - OpenTable Senior Account Manager Company Name Cydcor Dates Employed Nov 2003 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater Pittsburgh Area Lead and developed outside sales force to conduct face-to-face sales on behalf of clients AT&T and Quill.comKey Responsibilities:-Team Building and Motivation-Sales Training and Mentorship-Gather and Interpret Performance Statistics-Hiring-New Account Generation-Service Recovery Education General Assembly Field Of Study Data Science Immersive Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Python (SciKit Learn, StatsModels, Scipy, Numpy, Pandas, Patsy, MatPlotLib, Seaborn, BeautifulSoup), SQL, PostgreSQL, Regex, GIT, Tableau, Big Data, Machine Learning, Web Scrapping, Data Analysis, Data Mining Lehigh Carbon Community College Degree Name Associate's Degree Field Of Study Business Administration, Radio and TV Production Grade 3.5 Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa, Student Government Phi Beta Kappa, Student Government Featured Skills & Endorsements Hospitality See 35 endorsements for Hospitality 35 Hospitality Endorsed by Kevin King and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Colin Clemence’s colleagues at Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts Click and drag to reorder skills Hospitality Management See 28 endorsements for Hospitality Management 28 Hospitality Management Endorsed by Kevin King and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Colin Clemence’s colleagues at Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 25 endorsements for Customer Service 25 Customer Service Endorsed by 7 of Colin Clemence’s colleagues at Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Executive Coach 30,528 members Cloudera 78,369 followers Big Data, Analytics, Business Intelligence & Visualization Experts Community 232,433 members Pulse 1,535,171 followers Austrian School of Economics: Finance and Investing 9,953 members Tableau Software 201,780 followers See all See all following
More Actions Zhibiao Rao has a account Zhibiao Rao Data Scientist Postdoctral Associate at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Massachusetts Institute of Technology Cambridge, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A bright, creative and self-motivated data scientist with proven data analytics and programming skills plus extensive experience in decision making at MIT is seeking a full-time Data Scientist Position in an ambitious company which is dedicated to apply state-of-the-art technologies to tackle business needs and create a better life for customers.Dr. Rao is eager to apply his solid math skill, excellent organization skills, business sense and rich experience in leaderships to fields, such as pricing, logistics, optimization, operation and others.Specialties:Real data processing, Linear & Logistic regression, Machine Learning, OptimizationStatistics tools: R programming tools: Python, Matlab, VBDatabases: SQL See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Postdoctral Researcher Company Name Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location 5-435, 77 Mass Ave, Cambridge, 02139 Research Assistant Company Name Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location MIT Dynamics Research Group Under the supervise of Prof. J. Kim Vandiver, my research is summarized as:- Processed and analyzed billions of high resolution sensor data points for SHELL Oil Company- Proposed a simple but effective excitation winner predictor for staggered buoyancy pipes - Built the first proven vibration response predictive model for long flexible cylinders which overcamethe shortcoming of traditional models used in the last 60+ yearsDetails: https://dspace.mit.edu/handle/1721.1/100141 Research Intern Company Name ExxonMobil Upstream Research Company Dates Employed May 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Houston, Texas Area - Extracted, manipulated and consolidated large structure and ocean environment datasets acrossoperations and metaocean teams to drive long-term strategy with vendors - Identied 5 major bugs in the programs to avoid severe accidents in pipe operations - Presented research ndings directly to the VP of GLOBAL RESEARCH and led an extensivewritten report Research Assistant Company Name Shanghai Jiao Tong University Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location The State Key Laboratory of Ocean Engineering Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name Ph.D Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2015 Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Sloan School of Management Degree Name Minor in Entrepreneurship Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Shanghai Jiao Tong University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Ocean Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Deepwater Offshore Technology Symposium Dates volunteered 2008 – 2008 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Science and Technology Volunteer Company Name Marintec Dates volunteered 2007 – 2007 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Science and Technology Featured Skills & Endorsements Java See 5 endorsements for Java 5 Java Endorsed by 2 of Zhibiao Rao’s colleagues at Massachusetts Institute of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 16 endorsements for Python 16 Python Endorsed by Wei Sun and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Zhibiao Rao’s colleagues at Massachusetts Institute of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills R See 12 endorsements for R 12 R Endorsed by 8 of Zhibiao Rao’s colleagues at Massachusetts Institute of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Wen Sang CEO at Smarking Inc. - We Are Hiring!! February 4, 2013, Zhibiao Rao and Wen were students together Wen is full of passion and dreams, and he is dedicated to the work he takes. His leadership in MIT VentureShips club is highly appreciated by the members, including me. Accomplishments Zhibiao Rao has 12 publications 12 Expand publications section Publications Effects of Strake Coverage and Marine Growth on Flexible Cylinder Vortex-Induced Vibrations From Raw Acceleration Data to Activity Count The flow of power in the vortex-induced vibration of flexible cylinders Estimation of the damping parameter governing the VIV of long flexible cylinders Vortex induced vibration excitation competition between bare and buoyant segments of flexible cylinders Effects of strake coverage and marine growth on flexible cylinder VIV The identification of power-in region in vortex-induced vibration of flexible cylinders VIV excitation competition between bare and buoyant segments of flexible cylinders The effect of exposure length on Vortex-Induced Vibration of flexible cylinders Vortex-Induced Vibration Analysis of Steel Catenary Riser Zhibiao Rao has 11 courses 11 Expand courses section Courses A/B Testing Convolutional Neural Network Data Visualization Deep Learning Developing Data Products Machine Learning Poker Theory and Analytics Practical Machine Learning Regression Models Statistical Data Analysis Zhibiao Rao has 6 organizations 6 Expand organizations section Organizations ASME International Conference on Ocean, Offshore and Arctic Engineering (OMAE) Shanghai Jiao Tong University Alumni Association at Greater Boston MIT Ventureships Club Shanghai Jiao Tong University Alumni Association at Greater Boston Chinese Students Scholars Association MIT Ventureships Club Zhibiao Rao has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests Rhode Island School of Design 33,990 followers Underwater Video Services 86 followers AMOG Consulting 7,061 followers Sohum Inc 1,701 followers PatientsLikeMe 3,629 followers Chevron 1,280,068 followers See all See all following
More Actions Neha has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Neha Kothari Director of Product Management MindMeld, Inc Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Product builder passionate about teams where great partnerships spark and unlock solutions to hard problems. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Neha’s Activity 912 followers Cisco acquires conversational AI startup MindMeld for $125 million Neha liked a comment Personalized, short-form audio content--looking forward to seeing this grow. Neha shared this Amazon just launched a totally new Echo speaker with a touchscreen Neha liked See all activity Experience Director of Product Management Company Name MindMeld, Inc Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area MindMeld is a platform for building domain-specific natural language voice and conversational interfaces for any application or device. MindMeld enables companies to transform their proprietary content into a knowledge graph that users can search or interact with using natural language. We power industry-leading applications for food and beverage ordering, music and video streaming, and fashion retail.Director of Product Management (September 2015 - Present)Responsible for setting product roadmap and leading execution with a 20 member development team. I work with product, engineering, and design to translate customer-specific use cases into NLP platform features that enable intuitive conversational interactions in end-user applications. I also work with the sales team to scope statements of work and phases of growth from proof-of-concept through production releases in order to build strategic customer partnerships.--Delivered platform integrations on iOS, Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant, and Facebook Messenger--Developed work-flows for generating, annotating, and processing crowd-sourced natural language queries used in training domain, intent, and facet classifiers--Developed best practices for conversational applications that include voice, chat, and screenless dialogue interactions--Provided quarterly updates to board members on progress against roadmap and customer presentations to communicate strategic value of the productProduct Manager (December 2014 - August 2015)I was the first PM hired at MindMeld (fka Expect Labs) and worked on the developer platform for building natural language voice interfaces used by over 1800 developers. Media (1) This position has 1 media MindMeld Deep-Domain Conversational AI Platform MindMeld Deep-Domain Conversational AI Platform This media is a video Senior Data Scientist Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Growth Team: August 2012 - September 2013Product manager and data scientist for new user experience.Projects--Contact Join Notification: Defined and led the development of a notification system for generating inbound connections to new members--New member onboarding: Analyzed and communicated strategy across product teams for driving sign-ups through registration funnel and address book import optimizations--Mobile vs. Desktop entry points and usage: Worked with the mobile team to define a unified framework for measuring the user engagement impact (organic vs. transactional) of mobile traffic to LinkedIn--Most Valued Member email marketing campaign: Delivered insights for identifying the top X% of members within industry, skill, and demographic segmentsTalent Solutions Business: April 2011 - July 2012Projects--Job seeker propensity model: What is the likelihood that a person will change jobs?My team developed and put into production a model for measuring a user's "flight risk" based on behavioral, demographic, and network signals. The scores from the model were used for targeting and relevance in job-related products including Jobs You May Be Interested In, Job seeker premium subscriptions, and Recruiter (enterprise product).--U.S. employment trends 2008-2011: Published for a discussion led by Barack Obama and Jeff WeinerDelivered insights about U.S. employment trends for discussion at a town hall meeting led by Barack Obama and Jeff Weiner. These were published as part of the 2011 Economic Report of the President.Infographic: http://blog.linkedin.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/lnkd_infographic_f_11.png--Sharing platforms and the content ecosystem: Understanding the engagement impact of sharing across networksDefined success metrics for evaluating platform partnerships including Twitter, Hootsuite, and others. Provided a comprehensive view of sharing activity across channels which informed LinkedIn's platform strategy. Media (1) This position has 1 media Finding Economic Opportunity Finding Economic Opportunity This media is a link Senior Pricing Analyst, Revenue Management Company Name Hotwire Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos I was the lead for car pricing and analytics. My involvement spanned across many aspects of running Hotwire's car rental business including inventory forecasting, pricing optimization, geographical market segmentation, competitive analysis, and email marketing.Projects--Multivariate Discrete Choice model for pricing car margins (markups). Led model development, implementation, and subsequent A/B testing which resulted in an XX% lift in contribution margin ($XM in incremental profit on an annual basis).--Customer Lifetime Value (CLV)Starting from a RFM framework (recency, frequency, monetary value), built a model for segmenting customers (accross all Hotwire businesses). This became the driving tool for measuring churn and led to the development of a customer loyalty program.--Hackday winner, Car Upsell marketing campaignConceived of and implemented a data-driven email marketing campaign aimed at delivering luxury car rentals to customers at an equal or lesser price as their original booking. Cash prize and private team lunch with Dara Khosrowshahi, CEO of Expedia.--Carbon offsets for travel: business partnership with TerapassBrought executive leadership on board to sponsor an industry-first cost matching program for selling carbon offsets alongside travel. Financial Analyst Company Name Hotwire Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Nov 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr Built monthly financial performance and forecasting reports and presented insights to executive team. Monitored daily business trends and was the first point-of-contact for understanding fluctuations in performance metrics. Education Stanford University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Management Science & Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Iowa State University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Mathematics, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Management See 5 endorsements for Product Management 5 Product Management Endorsed by Aatif Awan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Neha’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills A/B testing See 5 endorsements for A/B testing 5 A/B testing Aatif Awan and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 62 endorsements for Analytics 62 Analytics Endorsed by Jim Baer and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 34 of Neha’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Christopher Gutierrez Head of Analytics at Mesosphere, Inc. July 30, 2012, Neha worked with Christopher in the same group Neha works hard to evaluate several solutions to a problem, then choose the right approach, or combination of approaches. What really sets her apart, however, is her attention to detail and her tenacity. Her projects get done, and they get done right. If I managed Neha, she’d be someone I’d be comfortable handing an important project. I know she’d keep me abreast of progress, ask questions where needed (but with her own thoughts added), cover all her bases, and complete the project. Most important, I’d be confident in her work. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Neha has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Neha has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Techniques for quantifying the job-seeking propensity of members of a social network service Neha has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project St. Lawrence String Quartet Chamber Music Seminar at Stanford Interests Music @ LI 440 members Reid HoffmanReid Hoffman is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur. Product Strategist. Investor. 1,397,929 followers Payability 902 followers Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,356,942 followers Evernote 43,720 followers Iowa State University 165,387 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stanislav has a account Stanislav Semenov The Quant Quantstellation Yandex School of Data Analysis Russian Federation 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Top-1 Data Scientist in the World. My profile on Kaggle:https://www.kaggle.com/stasg7/competitions Have extensive experience of solving practical problems of data analysis and machine learning, predictive modelling. Highlights Experience The Quant Company Name Quantstellation Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Moscow Providing the best solutions for HFT trading strategies using modern data science approaches on various financial markets. Data Scientist Consultant Company Name ... Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Moscow Consulting Russian companies on solving complex data analysis and machine learning problems. Communicate with customers, formulate problems. Teacher Company Name Yandex School of Data Analysis Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Moscow Teacher of Machine Learning class. Portfolio Analyst Company Name TCS Bank Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Moscow Portfolio management and product development department. Big Data Analysis, programming on SAS. Analysis of the quality of deposit portfolio, cost sources, core account transactions. Creating new business strategies. Software Developer, Researcher Company Name Air Graphics LTD Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Moscow Work on the project RenderBro - innovating GPU and CPU physically - based unbiased renderer. Programming on C++ and implementing new mathematical algorithms, research of Bounding Volume Hierarchy Trees. See more positions Education Yandex School of Data Analysis Degree Name Specialist Field Of Study Data Analysis Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 National Research University - Higher School of Economics Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Applied Mathematics and Informatics Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (State University) (MIPT) Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Applied Mathematics and Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Featured Skills & Endorsements Public Speaking See 38 endorsements for Public Speaking 38 Public Speaking Endorsed by 4 of Stanislav’s colleagues at Yandex Click and drag to reorder skills Deep Learning See 41 endorsements for Deep Learning 41 Deep Learning Dmitry Shipilov and 40 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Teaching See 32 endorsements for Teaching 32 Teaching Endorsed by 4 of Stanislav’s colleagues at Yandex Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Davut POLAT PhD(c) Data Scientist | Consultant | Machine Learning Enthusiast | Big Data Analytics September 4, 2015, Stanislav worked with Davut in the same group Stanislav is focused and dedicated to producing his very best at all times.If you ever need someone to deliver under pressure, no slip-ups, just results, Stanislav is your man! He is great in dealing with difficult situations and a fantastic problem solver. Vladimir Shumsky Head of Cloud Rendering June 2, 2013, Stanislav worked with Vladimir in the same group Brilliant R&D skills! Was a great pleasure to crack some mathematical puzzles and develop state of the art rendering technologies with such a bright person. Don't miss your chance to work with Stanislav! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Stanislav has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Mathematics for all (with Honors) The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Introduction to LaTeX Financial Markets and Institutions Stanislav has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Medical Informatics Molecular Modelling and Parallel Computing Programming on Ruby Selected Chapters of Graph Theory Stanislav has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Gold Medal at WorldQuant Alpha Challenge Gold medal at the International Olympiad “Tuymaada” in Physics Prizewinner of "WikiMart" Competition in Machine Learning Winner of Online Competition "SNA Hackathon" in Machine Learning Stanislav has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Английский Испанский Русский Stanislav has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Novel feature extraction, selection and fusion for effective malware family classification WISE 2014 Challenge: Multi-label Classification of Print Media Articles to Topics Interests Economy 15,706,933 followers Technology 20,768,491 followers Coursera Course Certificates 103,617 followers Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (State University) (MIPT) 14,790 followers Kaggle 30,757 followers Coursera 172,376 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anthony has a account Anthony Scriffignano, Ph.D. SVP, Chief Data Scientist at Dun & Bradstreet Dun & Bradstreet Columbia University - Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Anthony Scriffignano in an internationally recognized data scientist with experience spanning over 35 years, in multiple industries and enterprise domains. Dr. Scriffignano has extensive background in linguistics and advanced algorithms, leveraging that background as primary inventor on multiple patents worldwide. He provides thought leadership globally. Recently, he briefed the US National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee regarding reports to the President on Big Data Analytics and Emerging Technologies Strategic Vision. Additionally, provided expert advice on private sector data officers to a group of state Chief Data Officers and the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy.He served as a forum panelist and keynote speaker at the World Internet Conference hosted by Chinese President Xi Jinping in Wuzhen, China. He was recently published in CIOReview, Huffington Post, Mint (India) and quoted in various publications including China Daily, Xinhua and Peoples Daily. He was profiled by InformationWeek and by BizCloud, and is a recurring CXOTalk and Churchill Club guest . He regularly presents at business, government and academic venues globally regarding emerging trends in data and information stewardship, the “Big Data” explosion, artificial intelligence, multilingual challenges in business identity and malfeasance in commercial settings. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Anthony’s Articles & Activity 2,285 followers Warning: Keep This Door Closed at All Times! Anthony Scriffignano, Ph.D. on LinkedIn See 15 more articles How to Better Understand Unstructured Data - D&B Anthony liked Predictive Analytics World San Francisco Anthony shared this A New Kind of Science: 15th anniversary & more relevant than ever—and it just became free, open, and high-res on the web! https://lnkd.in/d2yWUsq Anthony shared this See all activity Experience SVP, Chief Data Scientist Company Name Dun & Bradstreet Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 5 mos Location Short Hills, NJ Lead a team of senior data scientists focusing on four key areas: 1) Expanding core capabilities in discovery, curation, synthesis of data and insight with particular focus on emerging data science and new customer needs. 2) Drive global reach of the business with focus on key commercial and government customers and partners. 3) Global thought leadership including publication, forum/keynotes and customer events. 4) Proactive engagement in regulatory and other government initiatives related to data globally. VP/Leader Global Data Strategy Company Name D&B Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Leader, Global Data Strategy Company Name Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. (D&B Inc.) Dates Employed 2009 – 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs Leader Global Data Strategy (operations and technology) Company Name Dun & Bradstreet Dates Employed Jan 2002 – 2009 Employment Duration 7 yrs Leader Global DUNSRight Linkage and Matching Company Name Dun & Bradstreet Dates Employed 2002 – 2009 Employment Duration 7 yrs See more positions Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1990 Antioch University Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Leadership and Change Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2010 Dissertation topic related to successful multicultural strategic alliances and asymmetric relationshipsDissertation completed May, 2010. Degree awarded June 30, 2010Certified Principal InvestigatorResearch selected for presentation at 2011 IAMB conference in Istanbul, Turkey Montclair State University Degree Name BA, MA Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1985 Activities and Societies: Calculus, Computer Science tutor, Water Polo, Swim Team Volunteer Experience EMT/ Senior Officer / Board Member Company Name West Essex First Aid Squad Dates volunteered Jun 1980 – Jun 1980 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Health Various positions including Senior officer, President, Board Member, Extrication instructor, Training officer, Statistician Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 228 endorsements for Strategy 99+ Strategy Endorsed by Kerri K. Nelson and 33 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 155 of Anthony’s colleagues at Dun & Bradstreet Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 166 endorsements for Leadership 99+ Leadership Endorsed by Shawn Lewis and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 108 of Anthony’s colleagues at Dun & Bradstreet Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 126 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by William Groves and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 84 of Anthony’s colleagues at Dun & Bradstreet Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (11) Given (24) Carly Ramsey Associate Director at Control Risks July 12, 2016, Carly worked with Anthony but at different companies Working with Anthony navigating China's complex and challenging market was a once-in-a-lifetime experience. His ability to distill complex theories into clear, easily-applicable ideas has lead to dynamic conversations and cooperation with Chinese and US senior-level policy makers around global best practices in big data. On a personal level, Anthony is inspiring, collaborative, and, most importantly, fun. Christopher Dole Co-Founder @ Soothsayer Analytics April 1, 2016, Anthony was a client of Christopher’s Anthony is one of the most interesting and intelligent people on earth. He has a prodigious brain, supernatural foresight, and the ability to recognize problems and opportunities light-years ahead of industry. Whether the conversation revolves around science, strategy, economics, or anything else, he always seems to be the smartest person in the room.Given that he leads one of the most advanced analytics teams on earth, is a member of MENSA, has a PhD and MBA from top schools, holds several patents, and speaks seven languages, he could justifiably be arrogant. But he is not. Anthony is a genuinely humble, thoughtful, and likable guy that everyone respects. It is a privilege to work with him, and I am glad to call him a friend. View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Carly Ramsey Associate Director at Control Risks March 16, 2017, Anthony worked with Carly but at different companies Carly Ramsey is a visionary leader with a passion that is truly inspiring. Her clear, collaborative communication style is truly a superpower. Additionally, she has a thirst for learning and teaching that inspires those around her. She models the skill of appreciative inquiry, embracing what is good about a situation and using it to explore what can be done next, in event the most difficult and stressful situations. It was my great good fortune to work with Carly in the context of a very complex business challenge that included understanding complex stakeholders' positioning and motivation, evolving regulatory requirements, and geopolitical implications of strategies. Her ability to assemble an all-star team and to drive enormously complex objectives was critical to the success of the effort. Her open and receptive approach to feedback was also critical to success. I have no doubt that her personal contribution was one of the critical success factors of a mission-critical engagement. Samiran Ghosh Digital Advisor @Microsoft September 12, 2016, Anthony was senior to Samiran but didn’t manage directly It has been my great good fortune to work with Samiran. He has great domain knowledge, striving always to understand and to improve his scope of expertise. At the same time, he is very generous in sharing what he knows and in helping others. I have been very impressed with his reflective leadership, questioning why things are done in a way that leads to better understanding and growth. His willingness to spend time writing and sharing his knowledge is testament to his nature of helping others to improve. View 22 more recommendations View 22 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Anthony has 23 publications 23 Expand publications section Publications How We'll Be Using Data 175 Years From Today Thinking About ERP in an Ever-Changing World of Data The Skills That Matter in a World Awash in Data Here’s What This Top Data Scientist at Dreamforce Taught Me About the Emotional Secrets of Data Maintaining Social Responsibility While Drowning In Data Big Data​: More Grey Than Black or White Big Data Red Queen Problems: Making New Mistakes, Meeting New Challenges Dun & Bradstreet: Big Data -- Lead with a Critical Business Need (邓白氏：大数据运用应着眼于企业自身需求 而非盲目使用) Data is Key to New Economic Profile (数据是新经济燃料 中国的作用很关键) Big Data Trends for CXO's Anthony has 12 patents 12 Expand patents section Patents Enhancement of Multi-Lingual Business Indicia Through Curation and Synthesis of Transliteration, Translation and Graphemic Insight System and Method For Recursively Traversing the Internet and Other Sources to Identify, Gather, Curate, Adjudicate, and Qualify Business Identity and Related Data A Multidimensional Recursive Learning Process and System Used to Discover Complex Dyadic or Multiple Counterparty Relationships System and Method Using Multidimensional Rating to Determine an Entity's Future Financial Viability System For Non-Deterministic Disambiguation and Qualitative Entity Matching of Geographical Locale Data For Business Entities System and Method for Aggregation and Association of Professional Affiliation Data with Commercial Data Content SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR ASCRIBING ACTIONABLE ATTRIBUTES TO DATA DESCRIBING PERSONAL IDENTITY SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR SEARCHING AND MATCHING DATA HAVING IDEOGRAMMATIC CONTENT SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR SEARCHING AND MATCHING DATABASES System and Process For Analyzing, Qualifying and Ingesting Sources of Unstructured Data Via Empirical Attribution Anthony has 10 honors 10 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 10 Most Fascinating People in B2B Marketing in 2016 Distinguished Alumni Award, College of Mathematics and Science Internship Supervisor of the Year Doctoral Research selected for presentation, IAMB Conference, Istanbul, Turkey 30 year Lifetime Service Award Distinguished Alumni Award - Hall of Distinction Inductee Outstanding Dedication Award Above and Beyond Award for Technology in Schools Jack N. Popper Award for Achievement Selected for Putney Examination in Mathematics Anthony has 6 languages 6 Expand languages section Languages Chinese French Greek Italian Japanese Spanish Anthony has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Montclair State University Computer Science Department Advisory Board APICS - American Production & Inventory Control Society American MENSA Anthony has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects BizCloud Interviews - Data Privacy BizCloud Interviews - Problem Formulation Interests D&B360 Data-as-a-Service 1,931 members Dun & Bradstreet Nederland 970 followers Columbia Business School 82,453 followers Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,429,349 followers ZDNet 251,907 followers TechCrunch 1,619,778 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jason has a account Jason Zhang Data Scientist at Quora Quora UC Berkeley Palo Alto, California 226 226 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Quora Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Data Scientist Company Name DaVita Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Worked with senior executives and clinical leadership to build an industry-leading predictive analytics and machine-learning team to improve the quality of care delivered to over 150,000 patients.Delivered ad hoc analyses and dashboards to track and quantify impacts of clinical interventions and pilot programs Technical Research Analyst Company Name Linfo Research Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Assisted in researching natural language processing technologies and developed products for extracting insights from massive amounts of unstructured data, for both individuals and enterprises.Website: http://www.linfocloud.com/ Research Intern Company Name Acree Technlogies Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Concord, California Responsible for running advanced thin-film deposition equipment and material analysis software Summer Intern Company Name Cal Energy Corps Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location The Chinese University of Hong Kong Conducted research on novel CIGS thin film solar cells and modules. Education UC Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: BioE Honor Society, Cal Energy Corps Volunteer Experience Physics Tutor Company Name UC Berkeley BioEHS Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 7 endorsements for Data Analysis 7 Data Analysis Endorsed by Wenwen Tao and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jason’s colleagues at DaVita Kidney Care Click and drag to reorder skills Physics See 3 endorsements for Physics 3 Physics Andrew Barba and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 2 endorsements for Data Mining 2 Data Mining Lana Nguyen and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jason has 3 patents 3 Expand patents section Patents Systems, methods, and user interface for effectively presenting information System and methods for determining sentiment based on context Automated topic discovery in documents and content categorization Jason has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Kaggle GitHub Jason has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Chinese Interests Elite Home Tutoring 4,801 members Design 3,728,527 followers Editor's Picks 3,897,375 followers Healthcare 6,528,456 followers Quora 22,198 followers University of California, Berkeley 498,458 followers See all See all following
More Actions George has a account 3rd degree connection3rd George Roumeliotis Data Science Manager at Airbnb Airbnb Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a Data Scientist with extensive experience leading high-performing teams from Silicon Valley startups to Fortune 1 public companies.My passion is conceiving and building new-to-the-world data products that delight customers and provide competitive advantage. I'm also committed to coaching early career data scientists, helping them develop the business acumen, interpersonal skills, and design thinking approach that I believe are critical to their success. I've led the development of innovative data products in fields ranging from computational advertising to supply chain optimization. And, in a previous life, I was a theoretical and computational astrophysicist at Stanford University, where I created ground-breaking 3D algorithms for inferring the twisted magnetic field structures that produce solar flares. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} George’s Articles 3,345 followers Three Things I've Learned About Selling Data Science Solutions To The Enterprise George Roumeliotis on LinkedIn Publish dateMay 24, 2016 See 8 more articles Big Tent Data Science George Roumeliotis on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 20, 2015 Experience Data Science Manager Company Name Airbnb Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Proud to be part of an amazing team of Data Scientists working on exciting Growth initiatives. Distinguished Data Scientist, Head of Data Science for the eCommerce Product Catalog Company Name Walmart Global eCommerce Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area Responsible for leading a team of Data Scientists and Machine Learning Engineers to continuously improve the Walmart.com product catalog. Initiatives included classification, attribute extraction, matching, and deep learning on images and text. Senior Data Scientist, Data Innovation Leader Company Name Intuit Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Responsible for equipping and inspiring employees across Intuit to develop innovative data applications. The role encompassed hands-on development of strategic data applications, creating effective learning experiences so that employees at all levels could access, analyze and apply data, and facilitating product teams to create customer-centric data-driven products and services. As a change agent, I accelerated the creative application of data and analytics to marketing, customer care, user experience, and especially to new product development. Principal Data Scientist, New Business Initiatives Leader Company Name Intuit Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Responsible for developing innovative data applications that drive revenue growth across Intuit. Led a team of data scientists, software engineers, and product managers whose accomplishments included developing the Commerce Graph which fuses together diverse data sources from across Intuit to create a database that captures 15% of all financial transactions in the US economy, conceiving and prototyping multiple end-user financial applications based on the Commerce Graph, applying new data sources and innovative predictive modeling techniques to deliver highly relevant cross-sell and 3rd party offers within Intuit's products, and dramatically increasing the accuracy of transaction classification in Intuit's consumer finance products. Also filed dozens of patents for financial software innovations powered by data and analytics. Data Scientist Company Name Intuit Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Responsible for initiating, designing, and executing diverse data science projects across Intuit's business units. As one of Intuit's first data scientists, drove millions of dollars of incremental revenue and cost savings. Accomplishments included increasing the yield from multi-channel online advertising through attribution modeling, reducing the abandonment of SaaS products through behavioral analysis, and improving SaaS products through automated detection of new topics in customer support queries. See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name MSEE... Dropped out to found a startup University of Alabama Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Astrophysics University of Sydney Degree Name BSc with First Class Honors Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Skills Data Science Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills New Business Development New Business Development Click and drag to reorder skills Product Innovation Product Innovation Click and drag to reorder skills People Development People Development Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (11) Brian Wilt Data Science at Facebook December 30, 2014, Brian reported directly to George George is a passionate and effective leader at Intuit. The products his teams built drove millions of dollars of incremental revenue for the company and changed Intuit's culture around data. But what I most appreciated working for George was the time he took to help me transition from academia into data science. He recruited and mentored a stellar team of data scientists that I am proud to have been part of. The vision was lofty, the approach was personal + practical, and the results were outstanding. Michael Radwin Director, Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning at Intuit February 21, 2013, Michael managed George directly George is an incredibly creative and effective data science leader. He has a rare confluence of both product mindfulness and technical background. His team has driven millions of dollars of revenue growth from text mining, unsupervised clustering, and crowd-sourcing techniques. During a year of investment in data talent, he was successful in recruiting and hiring a half-dozen scientists and interns. His innovative approach for solving hard problems has led to dozens of patent filings. And, he has become a strategic advisor and data thought leader within the company. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Brian Wilt Data Science at Facebook March 24, 2015, George managed Brian directly I know Brian from his tenure as a Data Scientist at Intuit, where he was on a team of Ninjas who prototyped innovative data-driven applications. I've managed a lot of Data Scientists in my time, and Brian is among the very best I've had the privilege of supervising. What makes him special is his sharp intellect, excellent people skills, fearlessness in the face of a challenge, and relentless focus. In particular, Brian was instrumental in creating Version 1.0 of the Intuit Commerce Graph that maps the flow of payments between US businesses, capturing on the order of 15% of US GDP. But he did not stop at simply creating this new data platform. He also prototyped multiple end-user applications that demonstrate the power of the Intuit Commerce Graph. For example, one of his prototypes enables small businesses to identify the best geographical locations for expansion, where consumer demand is high but competition is low. His work on the Commerce Graph ultimately contributed to Intuit embracing network effects as a core product strategy. I could go on, but in short Brian is a superb Data Scientist who makes profound contributions, and is also a quintessentially nice guy. Heather Wasserlein Senior Product Manager at Teradata October 25, 2013, George managed Heather directly Heather is a highly creative and multi-talented individual. As product manager for data products that relied heavily on big data and advanced analytics, she was able to balance mastery of complex technical details, with an unwavering focus on business outcomes and customer benefits. I would be delighted to working with Heather again. View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments George has 6 patents 6 Expand patents section Patents Method and system for identifying entities and obtaining financial profile data for the entities using de-duplicated data from two or more types of financial management systems Message recommendation using word isolation and clustering System and method for adaptive text recommendation Classifying a financial transaction using a search engine Method and apparatus for planning a manufacturing schedule using an adaptive learning process. Method for calculating a transition preference value between first and second manufacturing object attributes George has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Stanford University 373,239 followers The University of Alabama 156,756 followers Data Science for Women 127 members Walmart 865,073 followers Stanford University 435,570 followers Pulse 1,535,173 followers See all See all following
More Actions Austin F. has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Austin F. Frank Data Science Manager at Riot Games Riot Games University of Rochester Saint Louis, Missouri 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data scientist by way of cognitive science and psycholinguistics. Using ideas and methods from psychology, linguistics, statistics, and computer science to facilitate understanding and inference from large data sets.Specialties: statistics, data exploration, data visualization, machine learning, experiment design, corpus studies, eye tracking, acoustic analysis See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Science Manager Company Name Riot Games Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area Senior Data Scientist Company Name Riot Games Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater St. Louis Area Data Scientist, Recommendations Company Name Amazon Dates Employed May 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Seattle, WA Post-doctoral fellow Company Name Haskins Laboratories Dates Employed Jan 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location New Haven, CT Established research program linking psycholinguistics to speech pathology and articulatory phonology, with an emphasis on the role of motor control.Responsible for designing, programming, and analyzing behavioral experiments. Managed compliance with human subjects protocols. Teaching assistant Company Name Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs Clearly communicated sophisticated theoretical, mathematical, and programming concepts to college undergraduates. See more positions Education University of Rochester Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Brain and Cognitive Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Center for Language Sciences Thesis: Integrating linguistic, motor, and perceptual information in language production.Studied psycholinguistics in the department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences. Research emphasis on cognitive processing during speech production. Methodological emphasis on statistics, signal processing, and eye tracking. Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Behavioral Neuroscience, Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Ultimate frisbee, Uptown Local, Columbia Undergraduate Philosophy Review, Columbia Neuroscience Socienty, Club Sports Board Honors in Psychology Shaker Heights High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 24 endorsements for R 24 R Endorsed by Kang Tu, PhD and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Austin F.’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 13 endorsements for Statistics 13 Statistics Endorsed by Gregory Duncan and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Austin F.’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 12 endorsements for Python 12 Python Endorsed by Beau Cronin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Austin F.’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Austin F. has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects Biometric investigation of adult language learning Information-theoretic account of speakers’ language choices in conversation Novel Bayesian analysis of spatial time-series data Real-time manipulation of acoustic feedback to test error correction in speech Used Internet text to predict people’s reactions and decisions Austin F. has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Bloch Fellowship, alternate Honorable Mention, Graduate Research Felowship Interests Machine Learning and Data Science 60,869 members Columbia Alumni Association Network 55,782 members University of Rochester 65,341 followers University of Rochester Alumni 16,525 members Amazon Alumni 8,830 members Amazon 2,206,143 followers See all See all following
More Actions George has a account 3rd degree connection3rd George Roumeliotis Data Science Manager at Airbnb Airbnb Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a Data Scientist with extensive experience leading high-performing teams from Silicon Valley startups to Fortune 1 public companies.My passion is conceiving and building new-to-the-world data products that delight customers and provide competitive advantage. I'm also committed to coaching early career data scientists, helping them develop the business acumen, interpersonal skills, and design thinking approach that I believe are critical to their success. I've led the development of innovative data products in fields ranging from computational advertising to supply chain optimization. And, in a previous life, I was a theoretical and computational astrophysicist at Stanford University, where I created ground-breaking 3D algorithms for inferring the twisted magnetic field structures that produce solar flares. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} George’s Articles 3,345 followers Three Things I've Learned About Selling Data Science Solutions To The Enterprise George Roumeliotis on LinkedIn Publish dateMay 24, 2016 See 8 more articles Big Tent Data Science George Roumeliotis on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 20, 2015 Experience Data Science Manager Company Name Airbnb Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Proud to be part of an amazing team of Data Scientists working on exciting Growth initiatives. Distinguished Data Scientist, Head of Data Science for the eCommerce Product Catalog Company Name Walmart Global eCommerce Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area Responsible for leading a team of Data Scientists and Machine Learning Engineers to continuously improve the Walmart.com product catalog. Initiatives included classification, attribute extraction, matching, and deep learning on images and text. Senior Data Scientist, Data Innovation Leader Company Name Intuit Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Responsible for equipping and inspiring employees across Intuit to develop innovative data applications. The role encompassed hands-on development of strategic data applications, creating effective learning experiences so that employees at all levels could access, analyze and apply data, and facilitating product teams to create customer-centric data-driven products and services. As a change agent, I accelerated the creative application of data and analytics to marketing, customer care, user experience, and especially to new product development. Principal Data Scientist, New Business Initiatives Leader Company Name Intuit Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Responsible for developing innovative data applications that drive revenue growth across Intuit. Led a team of data scientists, software engineers, and product managers whose accomplishments included developing the Commerce Graph which fuses together diverse data sources from across Intuit to create a database that captures 15% of all financial transactions in the US economy, conceiving and prototyping multiple end-user financial applications based on the Commerce Graph, applying new data sources and innovative predictive modeling techniques to deliver highly relevant cross-sell and 3rd party offers within Intuit's products, and dramatically increasing the accuracy of transaction classification in Intuit's consumer finance products. Also filed dozens of patents for financial software innovations powered by data and analytics. Data Scientist Company Name Intuit Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Responsible for initiating, designing, and executing diverse data science projects across Intuit's business units. As one of Intuit's first data scientists, drove millions of dollars of incremental revenue and cost savings. Accomplishments included increasing the yield from multi-channel online advertising through attribution modeling, reducing the abandonment of SaaS products through behavioral analysis, and improving SaaS products through automated detection of new topics in customer support queries. See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name MSEE... Dropped out to found a startup University of Alabama Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Astrophysics University of Sydney Degree Name BSc with First Class Honors Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Skills Data Science Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills New Business Development New Business Development Click and drag to reorder skills Product Innovation Product Innovation Click and drag to reorder skills People Development People Development Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (11) Brian Wilt Data Science at Facebook December 30, 2014, Brian reported directly to George George is a passionate and effective leader at Intuit. The products his teams built drove millions of dollars of incremental revenue for the company and changed Intuit's culture around data. But what I most appreciated working for George was the time he took to help me transition from academia into data science. He recruited and mentored a stellar team of data scientists that I am proud to have been part of. The vision was lofty, the approach was personal + practical, and the results were outstanding. Michael Radwin Director, Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning at Intuit February 21, 2013, Michael managed George directly George is an incredibly creative and effective data science leader. He has a rare confluence of both product mindfulness and technical background. His team has driven millions of dollars of revenue growth from text mining, unsupervised clustering, and crowd-sourcing techniques. During a year of investment in data talent, he was successful in recruiting and hiring a half-dozen scientists and interns. His innovative approach for solving hard problems has led to dozens of patent filings. And, he has become a strategic advisor and data thought leader within the company. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Brian Wilt Data Science at Facebook March 24, 2015, George managed Brian directly I know Brian from his tenure as a Data Scientist at Intuit, where he was on a team of Ninjas who prototyped innovative data-driven applications. I've managed a lot of Data Scientists in my time, and Brian is among the very best I've had the privilege of supervising. What makes him special is his sharp intellect, excellent people skills, fearlessness in the face of a challenge, and relentless focus. In particular, Brian was instrumental in creating Version 1.0 of the Intuit Commerce Graph that maps the flow of payments between US businesses, capturing on the order of 15% of US GDP. But he did not stop at simply creating this new data platform. He also prototyped multiple end-user applications that demonstrate the power of the Intuit Commerce Graph. For example, one of his prototypes enables small businesses to identify the best geographical locations for expansion, where consumer demand is high but competition is low. His work on the Commerce Graph ultimately contributed to Intuit embracing network effects as a core product strategy. I could go on, but in short Brian is a superb Data Scientist who makes profound contributions, and is also a quintessentially nice guy. Heather Wasserlein Senior Product Manager at Teradata October 25, 2013, George managed Heather directly Heather is a highly creative and multi-talented individual. As product manager for data products that relied heavily on big data and advanced analytics, she was able to balance mastery of complex technical details, with an unwavering focus on business outcomes and customer benefits. I would be delighted to working with Heather again. View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments George has 6 patents 6 Expand patents section Patents Method and system for identifying entities and obtaining financial profile data for the entities using de-duplicated data from two or more types of financial management systems Message recommendation using word isolation and clustering System and method for adaptive text recommendation Classifying a financial transaction using a search engine Method and apparatus for planning a manufacturing schedule using an adaptive learning process. Method for calculating a transition preference value between first and second manufacturing object attributes George has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Airbnb 359,136 followers Stanford University 373,239 followers Data Science for Women 127 members Walmart 865,075 followers The University of Alabama 150,922 followers University of Sydney 216,698 followers See all See all following
More Actions Keith has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Keith Snow President / Data Scientist B2E Direct Marketing, Inc Simpson College Des Moines, Iowa Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Accomplished, results-oriented, strategically-minded marketing and technology professional with expertise in leading the design, development, and implementation of leading-edge direct, database and visual business intelligence solutions. Adept in evaluating critical business needs and developing creative solutions to improve client revenue.Responsible for the day to day operations of the business and development of the key product and service offerings of the company. B2E provides 100% data driven marketing solutions and is a long-term partner for success. Because of our great clients, B2E is the only marketing business of our size in Iowa that has won three International ECHO awards through the Data & Marketing Association. The ECHO is the most prestigious honor awarded in direct marketing. This award honors the most successful and innovative data, direct and interactive marketing campaigns of the previous year with phenomenal response results, brilliant marketing strategy and breakthrough creative components.Industries:Ad Agencies, Financial and Insurance, HVAC/Windows/Home Services, Health Care (HIPPA Compliance), Non-Profits Specialties: Franchise/Dealers/Stores/Agents, data and direct marketing, analytics, business insights, campaign strategies. Prospect lists, direct and email marketing strategies and solutions, email append and launch, database marketing, data hygiene and appends (demographics, predictive contact models, life stage segmentation models), customer cloning, customer and market analysis, consulting, annual strategic marketing plan, high level strategy, tactical level execution, strategic planning, customer relationship management, visual business intelligence, market segmentation/analysis, list services. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Keith’s Articles & Activity 833 followers 'Big Data for Non-Profits' Grant Program Keith Snow on LinkedIn See 4 more articles Picking up the pieces of a failed campaign | B2E Direct: Data, Analytics, Insights, Strategy Keith shared this We honor all women leading the way in manufacturing including our own Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Joni Campidillli. Read the full special feature here http://bit.ly/2qkGYcy Keith liked Spent today with Dr. Moffitt and his wife. Great people doing great things in Eagle Grove. Thank you for allowing us to help with your new office! Iowans helping Iowans. It's just the right thing to do. For more on our DENTAL LOAN PROGRAM, click the link below. ://https://lnkd.in/eKiNuYs Keith liked See all activity Experience President / Data Scientist Company Name B2E Direct Marketing, Inc Dates Employed Feb 2003 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 4 mos Location Des Moines, Iowa Area Responsible for the day to day operations of the company as well as providing professional database marketing, analytics, insights and strategy to our clients. Media (2) This position has 2 media 2014 DMACC Small Business Award 2014 DMACC Small Business Award This media is a video B2E - Data and Marketing B2E - Data and Marketing This media is a video Member Board Of Directors Company Name Healthy Birth Day, Inc. Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Des Moines, Iowa Area Healthy Birth Day is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, dedicated to the prevention of stillbirth and infant death through education, advocacy, and support. The organization's Count the Kicks program was launched in 2009 in Iowa and now reaches the entire U.S. through state ambassadors and a kick counting app.www.healthybirthday.orgwww.countthekicks.org Immediate Past President, Board of Directors Company Name Governors District Alliance Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 4 mos Provide strategic leadership for the non-profit Governors District Alliance and to promote the development and growth of the Downtown Business District area of Grimes, Iowa. The Governors District Alliance will be the driving force to create a destination called the “Governors District”. This district will be for ALL Iowans to come and celebrate the history of our 40 Governors since Iowa became a state in 1846. The Governors District will serve as an historic link to Iowa's past and become a fun, shopping and entertainment destination Mentor Company Name Global Insurance Accelerator Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Des Moines, Iowa Area The Global Insurance Accelerator is a mentor-driven accelerator designed to foster innovation in the insurance industry through early-stage companies targeting the global insurance markets. Board Member Company Name Historic East Village, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Des Moines, Iowa Area The Historic East Village is located in downtown Des Moines on the east side of the Des Moines River near the the Iowa Capitol building. As one of the original commerce areas of Des Moines, East Village encompasses some of Iowa’s most significant buildings, including the State Capitol and numerous buildings on the National Register of Historic Places. Our mission is “to lead the preservation, support and development of the East Village community.” Our vision is to create a thriving, energized, self-sustaining association that assures East Village is an eclectic, diverse, beautiful, unique and prosperous, welcoming community. See more positions Education Simpson College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Computer Science / Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Des Moines Area Community College Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Computer Languages Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1990 Kirkwood Community College Degree Name Diploma Field Of Study Computer Operations Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1987 Featured Skills & Endorsements Direct Marketing See 93 endorsements for Direct Marketing 93 Direct Marketing Endorsed by Jill Johnson and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Keith’s colleagues at B2E Direct Marketing, Inc Click and drag to reorder skills Email Marketing See 66 endorsements for Email Marketing 66 Email Marketing Endorsed by Chad Zenner and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Keith’s colleagues at B2E Direct Marketing, Inc Click and drag to reorder skills Marketing See 52 endorsements for Marketing 52 Marketing Endorsed by Jill Johnson and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Keith’s colleagues at B2E Direct Marketing, Inc Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (9) Angela Ten Clay, PCM Connector | Engager | Spark | Marketer | Relationship Builder | Writer | Difference Maker | Volunteer December 28, 2013, Angela was a client of Keith’s Keith is absolutely fantastic to work with. Knowledgeable, results-oriented and intuitive, he provides quality work every time that improves our marketing strategies and our business. Keith is a great partner to work with, and I highly recommend him for any company looking for a deeper dive on their numbers to drive business decisions. Shawn Drafahl Owner, Drafahl Design Co. May 7, 2009, Shawn reported directly to Keith Keith has a vast knowledge of direct marketing and I value his strategic ideas on all phases of getting messages out to clients. The response his tactics help garner is invaluable. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Matt Oakley CMO at B2E Direct Marketing, Inc November 13, 2014, Matt was a client of Keith’s Matt is one of the best marketing strategists I have ever met. He is very detailed orientated and always keeps the return on marketing investment in mind. I have worked with Matt the past 10 years and few people compare with his insights and goal development. With the industry's current use of Big Data, Matt is skillful how to use what is available internally and externally to garner success for his company. Angela Ten Clay, PCM Connector | Engager | Spark | Marketer | Relationship Builder | Writer | Difference Maker | Volunteer December 30, 2013, Angela was a client of Keith’s Angela is a great client to work with. She is result driven and detailed orientated. She has a very strategic thought process which has been very helpful in many situations. Angela understands how information drives marketing decisions. She makes the client/vendor relationship work! View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests V12 Data 1,831 followers Social Media Marketing 1,976,942 members Greater Des Moines Partnership 3,595 followers Des Moines Social Club 665 followers GuideOne Insurance 3,059 followers Percival Scientific 132 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Chris Walker Principal Data Scientist and Economist Juntos, Inc. Stanford University Palo Alto, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Principal Data Scientist and Economist Company Name Juntos, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location San Carlos, California Leading the data science and economics processes.Randomised controlled trial (RCT) design, implementation and diagnostics.Statistical modeling and exploratory analysis.Data mining and statistical learning. Data visualisation. Production of policy papers and external research. Foreign Exchange Strategist Company Name Barclays Investment Bank Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location London, United Kingdom European Foreign Exchange Strategist:- Fundamental macroeconomic research, exchange rate forecasting and analysis of developed and emerging markets.- Interaction with broad base of hedge fund, asset manager and central bank clients.- Extensive media training and regular contributor to global financial media.. Media (2) This position has 2 media Turkish lira: More weakness to come? Turkish lira: More weakness to come? This media is a video Aussie dollar could drop further 5%: Pro Aussie dollar could drop further 5%: Pro This media is a video G10 Foreign Exchange Strategist Company Name UBS Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location London G10 Foreign Exchange Strategist: - Fundamental macroeconomic research, exchange rate forecasting and analysis of developed and emerging markets.- Interaction with broad base of hedge fund, asset manager and central bank clients- Generation of FX options trade recommendations. Media (2) This position has 2 media Norwegian Krone Seen to Rise Versus Swedish Krona Norwegian Krone Seen to Rise Versus Swedish Krona This media is a link Walker on Opportunities in Foreign Exchange Walker on Opportunities in Foreign Exchange This media is a link Education Stanford University Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Field Of Study International Policy Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2016 • Specialization in quantitative methodology and macroeconomic development policy.• Extensive training in econometrics and political methodology (including PhD level statistics sequence).￼￼• Significant exposure to human-centered and systems design from the Stanford Institute of Design. • Substantive interest in the financial inclusion spaceCase Writer for the Leadership Academy for Development:Case studies are written under the tutorship of Professor Francis Fukuyama and aim to illuminate the challenges associated with enhancing private sector performance in emerging economies. They are taught around the world at executive-level training programs.(http://cddrl.fsi.stanford.edu/research/the_leadership_academy_for_development) University of Warwick Degree Name BSc Field Of Study Economics Grade First Class Hons. Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Specialization on monetary economics, international trade and political economy. Université Panthéon Sorbonne (Paris I) Degree Name Erasmus Program Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Erasmus Program Featured Skills & Endorsements Bloomberg See 15 endorsements for Bloomberg 15 Bloomberg Endorsed by Stephane Deo, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Chris’ colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Economics See 13 endorsements for Economics 13 Economics Endorsed by Philip Rowan and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Chris’ colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills FX Options See 10 endorsements for FX Options 10 FX Options Nick Yanakiev and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chris has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages French Java (programming language) Python (programming language) R (programming language) Spanish Chris has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Creating Credit-Smart Youth in the SF Bay Area Chris has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Using Private Equity to Improve Power Distribution in Uganda Interests UBS Investment Bank / UBS 31,997 members Stanford University 373,239 followers University of Warwick 120,578 followers Ian BremmerIan Bremmer is a LinkedIn Influencer President at Eurasia Group 1,372,750 followers The Economist (official group for The Economist newspaper) 118,941 members Designit 49,655 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Mayo Engineer Halliburton- Landmark Software University of Houston Tulsa, Oklahoma 315 315 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Engineering Consultant Company Name Halliburton- Landmark Software Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Houston, Texas • Used Compass and Decision Space Well Planning software to automate oil well plans• Selected casing and tubing to meet technical requirements using StressCheck software• Planned drilling activities and equipment selection using Wellplan software• Managed SQL databases to inform oil drilling and production statistical analysis across the full suite ofLandmark software• Scripted SQL queries to populate databases in Open Wells software for daily drilling and completionupdates• Programmed Monte Carlo simulations to estimate time and cost of projects using Well Cost software• Taught engineers use of Landmark drilling software through interactive demonstration• Sold Landmark software services and training programs to customers in the oil and gas industry Business Development Intern Company Name Teledyne Oil & Gas Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Houston, TX • Forecasted revenue for high power subsea connectors using Excel pivot tables• Analyzed marketing for electrical connector systems in subsea processing equipment• Created Excel visualizations of business intelligence and analytics for electrical connector sales• Developed a marketing strategy for selling a high power electrical connector system Drilling Fluids Intern Company Name Newpark Drilling Fluids Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Houston, TX • Operated and maintained equipment for recording scientific testing data on drilling fluids• Analyzed data with statistical analytics to ensure fluids met operational requirements• Reported procedures and best practices for maintaining data collection equipment Education University of Houston Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Petroleum Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 Northwestern University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Petroleum Engineering See 24 endorsements for Petroleum Engineering 24 Petroleum Engineering Endorsed by Luis Reyes, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chris’ colleagues at Halliburton Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Teledyne Oil & Gas 1,494 followers Halliburton 744,375 followers The University of Tulsa 39,764 followers Economy 15,706,967 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,238,231 followers University of Houston 222,977 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ceslee has a account Ceslee Montgomery Data Scientist at Stitch Fix Stitch Fix Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I ♥ intelligence amplification (IA), empowering people to make better decisions through data-driven technology.I am a data scientist & behavior designer. I've learned that tackling the most complex problems with user-centered products requires elegant technical solutions AND attention to behavior design. Solving problems at the intersection of people & tech is where I thrive. From social networks, to wearable devices, to survey data, I leverage machine learning, natural language processing, A/B testing, and user-centered metrics to build data products around people + behavior data. I use behavior heuristics & biases to turn existing data products into "stickier", more delightful data products for users. This includes experience helping industries like wellness technologies troubleshoot around expected user behavior and other behavior goals.~Programming languages/libs: Python, node.js, Ruby on Rails, Java, C++, R, react.js, d3. PostgreSQL, Presto, Elasticsearch, mongoDB experience. Data Science specialization: Psychometrics, Feature Engineering, User Modeling/Behavior Analysis, Natural Language Processing, Semantic Analysis, K-Means Clustering. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Stitch Fix Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Data Scientist Company Name Pebble Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Redwood City, CA Initiated wearable-based qualitative sleep survey data collection tool that, combined with quantitative sleep biosensor data, powers more actionable sleep insights as side passion project. “Internet of Things” (IOT) Stack consists of Javascript-based Pebble Watch App and Node.js+mongoDB cloud server/datastore.Conducted sensor quality evaluation experiment that involved setting/executing experimental design, setting evaluation metrics, extensive ETL, and iPython analysis.Conducted participant-based experiment and iPython analysis to improve Pebble Health’s distance and calorie calculation algorithm.Reviewed and expanded wearable-relevant core engagement and retention metrics at the user and feature level to capture more nuanced user behavior. Scripted linear transformation-based projection algorithm that corrected for data latency and packaged distribution with Docker.Developed web-based core user behavior metrics dashboards for company executives in LookerML. Data Science Consultant Company Name The Data Guild Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Palo Alto, CA Co-developed exploratory analysis of wearable sensor's rest/activity data for digital health company using iPython + Pandas.Designed & developed Tableau analytics dashboard for key stakeholders to analyze coverage for large healthcare billings company. Data Science Consultant Company Name Ceslee Montgomery Data Analytics Services Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Developed data product design strategy for machine learning-based hiring optimization.Setup MySQL cloud database infrastructure for non-profit organization.Worked with team to build queries. Behavior Designer / Data Science Consultant Company Name engagedIN Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Contributed research on long-term engagement problems with wearables and promising “emotional intelligence” design features for large insurer.Full Photoshop redesign of health tech company's user interface that leveraged cutting-edge behavior design research to improve usability.Edited and reviewed health advocacy campaign's education-related communications to improve information retention (stickiness).Assisted CEO in delivering review of behavioral literature and team design workshop for platform aimed at increasing patient compliance at large R&D firm. See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Sociology w/strong technical coursework (focus: Healthcare Delivery Systems, Policy, Innovation) Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Stanford in Washington, Stanford in Paris, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., Stanford Univ. Committee on Admissions and Financial Aid, ASSU Leadership Development Program, Alternative Spring Break Service Trip Technical Coursework Includes: Programming Methodology (Java), Programming Abstractions (C++), Linear Algebra and Multivariate Calculus, and Statistics for Engineers, Data Analysis for Social Scientists~Stanford in Washington program: interned at the Office for Health IT and Quality at the Health Resources and Services Admin. Stanford in Paris program: studied comparative health systems, US & France. Selected to attend Student Quality & Leadership Academy - Institute for Healthcare Improvement. Policy writer, Stanford Journal of Public Health. Media (2) This position has 2 media The Physician Shortage and the Future of the Affordable Care Act: The Coverage without Care Conundrum | Stanford Journal of Public Health The Physician Shortage and the Future of the Affordable Care Act: The Coverage without Care Conundrum | Stanford Journal of Public Health This media is a link The New Dilemma: âLe Futurâ of Straining Social Safety Nets... from France to the USA The New Dilemma: âLe Futurâ of Straining Social Safety Nets... from France to the USA This media is a document Volunteer Experience Participant & Event Support Volunteer Company Name DataKind Dates volunteered Sep 2014 – Sep 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo DataKind is an awesome Data for Social Good organization!Participated in recent Project Accelerator, advising a media and film center community org on leveraging data to tell stories & developing tools that make data more fun to use.Help with general event support including setup/breakdown, check-ins, timekeeping, and event notes. Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 25 endorsements for Research 25 Research Endorsed by Stephen A. Green, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Ceslee’s colleagues at Stanford University Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 18 endorsements for Public Speaking 18 Public Speaking Endorsed by Abraham Williamson and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Ceslee’s colleagues at Stanford University Click and drag to reorder skills Community Outreach See 14 endorsements for Community Outreach 14 Community Outreach Endorsed by Abraham Williamson and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Ceslee’s colleagues at Stanford University Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Kean Wong Experienced engineering leader who enjoys building great products, and great organizations. April 27, 2016, Kean was senior to Ceslee but didn’t manage directly Ceslee was a data scientist at Pebble from August 2015 to March 2016. I was Ceslee's mentor for much of her time at Pebble, and was fortunate enough to directly see her dedication to her job, her joy at working within a highly talented team, and her passion for personal growth, learning, and continually exploring new domains and expanding her skillsets and capabilities.Ceslee brings a high level of intellect and professionalism to any organization. Additionally, she is a genuinely nice person to be around, and would be a strong addition to any company. Susan Holcomb Data Science & Analytics Consultant April 5, 2016, Susan managed Ceslee directly Ceslee is creative and motivated, and she pulls from various disciplines in her work: from statistics to engineering to UX design. She has a deep understanding of how to tie data output back to the high-level goals of the business. She has strong Python skills and brings enthusiasm to any project she tackles. Zachary Horn User Experience (UX) Researcher at Facebook January 23, 2017, Ceslee reported directly to Zachary As a data science manager at Stitch Fix, Zack exemplified quick thinking, creativity, and great capacity as a vision-setter. Through his expertise in survey design and quantitative methods, he helped shape the way explicit data is collected at Stitch Fix. I am grateful to have been a beneficiary of his extremely team-oriented and empathetic style of leadership. From our first coffee, I knew he not only had a solid vision for better user modeling + user experience through better data but would also be enjoyable and collegial. Having had him as a manager, I can confirm that he brings up everyone around him. I feel extremely lucky to have had him as a manager and mentor. Accomplishments Ceslee has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Science 11-Week Intensive The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Ceslee has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Ceslee has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Mine the Gap: K-Means Clustering Approach to Micro-Targeting Patients for Care Coordination & Social Support Services Interests Stanford University 373,239 followers Stitch Fix 24,413 followers Pulse 1,535,174 followers Foundation Medicine 14,045 followers Pebble Tech 5,184 followers Evolent Health 12,487 followers See all See all following
More Actions Wei has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Wei Ding Security Data Scientist @ AWS - My team is hiring Security Engineer and SDE Amazon Web Services University of Houston Seattle, Washington 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced data scientist.Strong background in machine learning, data science and information/network security.Broad domain knowledge on feature engineering in security industry.Experienced researcher on ICS/SCADA security with data science techniques. I enjoy to solve problems with machine learning and data science techniques in a data driven way.I enjoy to research and build things from the scratch, advise projects, and design products.Specialties: Data Science and Machine Learning in Information/Network Security, Security Research, Behavior Analysis and Anomaly Detection, ICS/SCADA Security Innovation with Data ScienceLanguages: Python, SQL, Scala, C/C++, RLibs & Platforms: Spark, Scikit-learn, Numpy/Scipy, Impala/Hadoop, RStudio/MATLAB See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Wei’s Articles & Activity 665 followers ProtectWise at BlackHat2016. Wei Ding on LinkedIn See all articles Cyber security start-up CrowdStrike hits $1bn valuation Wei liked LinkedIn Top Companies 2017: Where the U.S. wants to work now Wei liked 滴滴一下，让出行更美好 Wei liked See all activity Experience Security Data Scientist Company Name Amazon Web Services Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area Senior Data Scientist Company Name ProtectWise, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Greater Denver Area Research Staff Company Name University of Houston Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Projects are related to using statistical and machine learning methods to detect and identify intentionally jittered network connections and stepping-stone connections. Instructional Assistant Company Name University of Houston Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Worked as instructional assistant in Spring/Fall semesters 2007 to 2013, including courses: Data Structure and Algorithms, Computer Networks, Operating System, High Performance Computing. Taught lab class Introduction to Computer Science. Research Assistant Company Name University of Houston Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Leading and mentoring undergraduate students supported by the NSF REU program to do security related research and projects in the summer semesters from 2009 to 2013. See more positions Education University of Houston Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Computer Science Grade 3.8 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 PhD in Computer Science. Research majorly cares about Information/System/Network Security, Intrusion Detection and Machine Learning. University of Houston Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Computer Science Grade 3.85 Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Research majorly cares about Information/System/Network Security. Wuhan University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Computational Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science Data Science No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 4 endorsements for Machine Learning 4 Machine Learning DiDi Wu and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Cloudera Impala Cloudera Impala No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Wei has 8 publications 8 Expand publications section Publications A Hybrid Stepping-Stone Detection Algorithm to Counter Packet Jittering Evasion Detecting Stepping-Stones under the Influence of Packet Jittering Detecting Intruders Using a Long Connection Chain to Connect to a Host Detecting Stepping-Stone Intruders with Long Connection Chains Using Dynamic Programming Techniques to Detect Multi-hop Stepping-Stone Pairs in a Connection Chain Detecting Stepping-Stone Intruders with Long Connection Chains A new dynamical evolutionary algorithm based on the principle of minimal free energy Multi-objective optimization by a new dynamical evolutionary algorithm based on the information entropy Wei has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Intro to Computer Science - Building a Search Engine Interests Pulse 1,535,175 followers VMware 537,014 followers Microsoft 3,687,223 followers Google 4,871,374 followers Alibaba Group 102,744 followers LinkedIn 2,127,811 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anisur Rahman has a account Anisur Rahman Alamgir - LSSBB, Data Scientist Technical Lead and Senior Software Engineer at DataSoft Bangladesh 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an IT professional with extensive background in Software Design, substantial experience designing ,executing solutions for complex business problems involving large scale data warehousing, real-time analytics, development, backed by proven ability and experience to lead technical and business analyst teams. My career vision is to design quality software by acquiring and implementing knowledge of technologies, architectures, frameworks and best development practices.My main strength is that I can take up any responsibility and can carry them out to the best of my ability. I do have problem solving capability. Around 10 years of my job experiences in different companies I have carried out many different role and responsibilities including Requirement Collection & Analysis , Software Design and Development, HR Recruiting and Process Improvement functions.Experience includes software development for micro-finance institutions (Microfinance Software), financial accounting management, human resource management, management information system for government bodies like SDF, garments company management, dynamic website development, web-optimizations(SEO).I have working experience with .NET, Java, Python and PHP technologies with MySQL, MS SQL Server, Oracle, NoSQ database. I’ve experience of developing software using popular frameworks like CodeIgniter, Zend, CakePHP, Symfony in PHP.Data Analysis Tools: Hive, Pig and Hadoop Streaming, MapReduce, R, MATLAB. I have participated in the 9+ workshops related to Project Management, Software Engineering, Quality Assurance and CMMI 5.# I completed Become a Data Scientist learning path on November 2, 2016. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Anisur Rahman’s Articles & Activity 1,140 followers Bangladeshi TV guide featuring complete program listings Anisur Rahman Alamgir - LSSBB, Data Scientist on LinkedIn See all articles M Manjur’s photo Anisur Rahman liked See all activity Experience Senior Software Engineer Company Name DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Software Architecture. Object Oriented Analysis and Design. Design Patterns. Database design. Software Development, Technical Document , bug fixing and support, Created reports and dashboards using structured and unstructured data, Loaded unstructured data into Hadoop File System (HDFS).Projects: 1. Microfinance Software : Technical lead2. Smart-Enterprise : Technical lead3. TV-Guide: Technical lead Media (2) This position has 2 media A financial inclusion workflow driven solution - Microfin360 A financial inclusion workflow driven solution - Microfin360 This media is a link Web and data security Web and data security This media is an image Lead developer at Prima pagina diggita.it Company Name diggita Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Location Italien Development, add new modules, bug fix, SEO etc Media (1) This position has 1 media Prima Pagina Prima Pagina This media is a link Developer Company Name oDesk Freelancer Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs Development Media (1) This position has 1 media Certificate of earnings Certificate of earnings This media is a document Software Engineer Company Name DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Developed skill of Software Engineering and expertise on CakePHP , VB.net and Crystal Report.System analysis, design, development, technical documents(BRD,SRS,LLD) & User manual writing.Package and deployment of software project using Install Shield.Conduct training for Client. Team Lead Company Name STM Software Ltd Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 7 mos Complete developed a real life project as team lead. See more positions Education QAI, Six Sigma Degree Name Six Sigma Black Belt Field Of Study Six Sigma Black Belt Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Daffodil International University Degree Name B.Sc. Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering Field Of Study Computer Science and Engineering Grade 3.25 Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Stood 2nd in the DIU Local Computer Programming Contest 2005. Stood 1st in the DIU Local Computer Programming Contest 2006. Stood 77th in the ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest 2005. Stood 53rd in the ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest 2006. Stood 78th in the ICPC 2006. Stood 1st in the ISTT Local Computer Programming Contest 2003. Solved ACM Contest (24 hour) 100+ problems. ID: 1027833 Media (2) This position has 2 media ACMSolver Coding Championship ACMSolver Coding Championship This media is a document ACM Asia Programming Contest ACM Asia Programming Contest This media is a document B.A.F Shaheen College, Kurmitula Degree Name HSC Field Of Study Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Activities and Societies: Debate Team See more education Volunteer Experience Developer/Software Enginner Company Name DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 7 endorsements for Data Mining 7 Data Mining Endorsed by 6 of Anisur Rahman’s colleagues at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Click and drag to reorder skills MySQL See 75 endorsements for MySQL 75 MySQL Endorsed by Milan Saha and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 46 of Anisur Rahman’s colleagues at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 6 endorsements for Big Data 6 Big Data Endorsed by 5 of Anisur Rahman’s colleagues at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (7) Md. Mahbubur Rahman Tito Senior Software Engineer at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited April 23, 2014, Anisur Rahman worked with Md. Mahbubur in the same group He is a very good team player, professional, genius guy. I am really enjoy working with him. Filippo Della Bianca Digital Entrapreneur & Strategist, Social Networking Expert, Content & Community manager, Owner diggita.it cinquee.it November 2, 2016, Filippo managed Anisur Rahman directly Anis is a fantastic developer, he has great problem-solving ability on the php code and mysql databases. He's costantly developing and updating new innovative solutions to improve the web services into modern standards. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Badsha Faysal Kabir Lead Manager at Grameenphone Ltd November 2, 2016, Anisur Rahman and Badsha were students together Mr. Badsha Faysal Kabir is a great personality to work with. His knowledge, integrity and professionalism is outstanding and remarkable. I wish him a good health and great success Md. Zohurul Islam Senior Software Engineer at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited November 2, 2016, Anisur Rahman managed Md. Zohurul directly Mr. Zohurul Islam is a great personality to work with. His knowledge, integrity and professionalism is outstanding and remarkable. I wish him a good health and great success. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Anisur Rahman has 26 projects 26 Expand projects section Projects TV Guide Bangladesh Microfin360 Micro finance Solution CMMI Maturity Level 5 Appraisal at DataSoft Smart Enterprise Big Data Analysis Solar360 Wordpress Expert Wordpess Development Microfin360 Mobile Apps Anisur Rahman has 22 certifications 22 Expand certifications section Certifications Become a Data Scientist Code Clinic: Python Data Science Foundations: Data Mining Excel 2016: Managing and Analyzing Data Introduction to Data Governance Introduction to Data Science Python GUI Development with Tkinter Statistics Fundamentals - Part 1: Beginning Up and Running with Cloud Service APIs Up and Running with Python Anisur Rahman has 20 courses 20 Expand courses section Courses A Crash Course in Data Science A developer's guide to the Internet of Things (IoT) Algorithms Artificial Intelligence Big Data Fundamentals Complier Design Computer Graphics Data Structure Database Management System Discrete Mathematics Anisur Rahman has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Bangla English Japanese Interests GIL 90 followers Magento Users Group 22,184 members Big Data 5,065,115 followers MySQL 17,821 members Test Driven Development 12,276 members Software Engineer Association 27,577 members See all See all following
More Actions Anand has a account Anand S CEO at Gramener Gramener Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience CEO Company Name Gramener Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India Chief Data Scientist Company Name Gramener Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India Principal Company Name Infosys Consulting, London Dates Employed May 2005 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location London, United Kingdom Consultant Company Name The Boston Consulting Group Dates Employed May 2001 – May 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Mumbai Area, India Equity Research Analyst Company Name Lehman Brothers, Tokyo Dates Employed Apr 2000 – Jun 2000 Employment Duration 3 mos Summer internship See more positions Education Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 London Business School Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2000 Indian Institute of Technology, Madras Degree Name B.Tech Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 See more education Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests London Business School 120,351 followers Gramener 2,141 followers Indian Institute of Technology, Madras 50,511 followers London Business School 160,040 followers Indian Institute of Management Bangalore 43,783 followers Indian Institute of Technology, Madras 56,541 followers See all See all following
More Actions Data has a account Data Scientist Data Scientist London, Greater London, United Kingdom 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,176 followers
More Actions Vincent has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Vincent Granville Pioneering Data Scientist Data Science Central Cambridge University, England Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Well rounded, visionary data science executive with broad spectrum of domain expertise, technical knowledge, and proven success in bringing measurable added value to companies ranging from startups to fortune 100, across multiple industries (finance, Internet, media, IT, security) and domains (data science, operations research, machine learning, computer science, business intelligence, growth hacking, IoT).Vincent developed and deployed new techniques such as hidden decision trees (for scoring and fraud detection), automated tagging, indexing and clustering of large document repositories, black-box, scalable, simple, noise-resistant regression known as the Jackknife Regression (fit for real-time or automated data processing), model-free confidence intervals, combinatorial feature selection algorithms, detecting causation not correlations, and generally speaking, the invention of a set of consistent robust statistical / machine learning techniques that can be understood, implemented, interpreted, leveraged and fine-tuned by the non-expert. Vincent also invented many synthetic metrics that work better than old-fashioned stats, especially on badly-behaved sparse big data. Some of these techniques have been implemented in a Map-Reduce Hadoop-like environment. Some are concerned with identifying true signal in an ocean of noisy data.Vincent is a former post-doctorate of Cambridge University and the National Institute of Statistical Sciences. He created the first IoT platform to automate growth and content generation for digital publishers, using a system of API's for machine-to-machine communications, involving Hootsuite, Twitter, and Google Analytics.Vincent's profile is accessible at http://bit.ly/1jWEfMP and includes top publications, presentations, and work experience with Visa, Microsoft, eBay, NBC, Wells Fargo, and other organisations. Email me at vincentg@datashaping.comFollow me on Twitter @AnalyticBridge (twitter.com/analyticbridge) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Vincent’s Articles & Activity 27,098 followers Advanced Machine Learning with Basic Excel Vincent Granville on LinkedIn See 58 more articles Simple Proof of the Prime Number Theorem (Updated) Vincent shared this Data Science Summer Reading List 2016 Vincent shared this Using Selection to Find Superman - More on Demand and Capacity Vincent shared this See all activity Experience Executive Data Scientist, Co-Founder Company Name Data Science Central Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area Leveraged state-of-the-art data science to grow internal revenue and profits by 500% in less than two years, while maintaining profit margins above 65%. Grew traffic and membership by 300% in two years. Introduced highly innovative, efficient, and scalable advertising products for our clients. Used proprietary growth science techniques to outperform competition.Roles: growth hacker. data scientist, developer, author, editor, blogger, speaker, consultant, open patent inventor, talent acquisition director, community manager, co-founder, CFO, product and business development. Also work on content management, ad spend/ media buying optimization, email campaign optimization, social network management (largest analytic Twitter account with 150K followers, largest analytic LinkedIn group with 250K members), and fraud/spam detection..Creation of the first Data Science Apprenticeship.Follow me on Twitter @AnalyticBridge (twitter.com/analyticbridge) Co-Founder Company Name IoT Central Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area IoT (Internet of things) relies on sensor-based flowing data collected via Internet protocols, machine-to-machine communications (sometimes in real time), API's, and various apps and devices, to create automated decisions, or provide insights to users. Typically, data science algorithms are used to extract actionable information from data. Fields of applications include energy, urban planning, healthcare, engineering, weather forecasting, and transportation sectors - for instance sensors used to monitor road traffic, recommend routes to commuters, and optimize commuting time for everyone. IoT Central (IoTCentral.io) is the leading online resource connecting a community of individuals, organizations and businesses who are focused on products, services, and opportunities in the Internet of Things era. Specifically serving those interested in the business, engineering, or industrial IoT, the site covers IoT Infrastructure, IoT Application Development, IoT Data and IoT Security. Follow us on Twitter @IoTCtrl. Founder and President Company Name Data Shaping Solutions Dates Employed Dec 1999 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Initially a successful consulting and digital media company with clients such as Visa and eBay, Data Shaping Solutions experienced a new life starting in 2015, becoming a data science think tank, research lab, intellectual property and idea foundry, with a focus on automated, added-value data science, machine-to-machine communications, and robust, simple, black-box algorithms for integration in various decision systems. In addition, the company now offers the following services, all related to data science, big data, IoT, startups, growth hacking, and entrepreneurship:- Consultancy: startup development, growth hacking, and clustering large document repositories- Articles and books catalog, offering bloggers a way to efficiently monetize their digital content- Data science search engine - add your blog or company website to our search index (free)- Automated revenue/lead generation- Training (online and on-site), and certification in data science- Free ghost writing for leading authors (articles must first be published on our network) - Ghost writing for academic scientists- Mathematical images repository (license fee required)- Data science articles repository, for digital publishers or students (license fee required)- Research and market intelligence reports, data sets and statistical summaries- Creation and production of sponsored or crow-funded knowledge and information: research papers, tutorials, podcasts, blogs, and open source or private intellectual property- Big discount on my upcoming books (Data Science 2.0, Data Science with Excel, Data Science with the Naked Eye) available to partner institutions, and to ROIdoctor.com members- Advisory services- Recruiting services, including tests and job interview questions (data science)Many of these services (and new ones such as API's for predictive modeling, or stock market signals) will soon be available on-demand via our upcoming ROIdoctor.com platform.Follow me on Twitter at @ROIdoctor Chief Innovation Officer, Founder Company Name AnalyticBridge Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Leading social network for analytics practitioners. KEY ACHIEVEMENTS:- Ranked as a top 20 Big Data influencers by the Forbes magazine, and featured on CNN. - Publication of the first Data Science eBook- Early revenue comes from from consulting with eBay and MicrosoftANALYTIC COMMUNITY:Computational marketing, traffic growth, and content management. Advertisers include EMC, Pivotal, MapR, IBM, Microsoft, Cloudera, Teradata, Splunk, SAS, StatSoft, Gartner, Northwestern University, Angoss, Strata, DataStax, Elsevier, Lavastorm, recruiters, conference organizers, small companies and major ad agencies. CONSULTING: • Developed Internet traffic scoring platform for ad networks, advertisers and publishers (rule engine, site scoring, keyword scoring, lift measurement, linkage analysis). Clients include eBay, Click Forensics, Cars.com, Turn.com, Microsoft, Looksmart.• Designed the architecture for one of the first analytics 3.0. online platforms: all-purpose scoring, with on-demand, SaaS, API services. Currently under implementation.• Engineered the most popular real time analytics news feed: responsible for architecture (super-cluster topology), implementation (automated content selection) and distribution. • Identified major Botnets generating more than 10MM per year in fraudulent transactions. • Search engine analytics: prediction of keyword conversion for keywords with little or no historical data, increased lift by 20%. • Web crawling and text mining techniques to score referral domains, generate keyword taxonomies, and assess commercial value of bid keywords.• Collaborative filtering, social network analytics.• Developed new hybrid statistical and data mining technique known as hidden decision trees and hidden forests.• Invited speaker: Predictive Analytics World, SAS International Data Mining Conference. Chief Scientist Company Name LookSmart Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Keyword and search analytics using machine learning and pattern recognition:• Created the list of top commercial keywords that account for 85% of all advertising revenue on Google.• Implemented and programmed the Google AdWords API to automatically find millions of new high value / high volume keywords for advertising campaigns (Perl, SOAP, XML)• Taxonomy improvement. • Click fraud detection (click jacking and Botnet detection). • Web site scoring, with scores used to predict chances of conversion or sales, using hidden decision trees / Naïve Bayes and web crawling. • Automated bidding for advertiser campaigns based either on keyword or category (run-of-site) bidding.• Reverse engineering of keyword pricing algorithms in the context of pay-per-click arbitrage.• Creation of multi-million bid keyword lists using extensive web crawling. Identification of metrics to measure the quality of each list (yield or coverage, volume, and keyword average financial value). See more positions Education Cambridge University, England Degree Name Post doctorate Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1996 Namur University Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Mathematics and Statistics Grade Summa Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 1,097 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by Eric Siegel and 139 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Vincent’s colleagues at Data Science Central Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 977 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Gregory Piatetsky-Shapiro and 122 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Vincent’s colleagues at Data Science Central Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 751 endorsements for Big Data 99+ Big Data Endorsed by Gregory Piatetsky-Shapiro and 57 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Vincent’s colleagues at Authenticlick Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (18) Given (20) Mulyadi Kurniawan Data Scientist at Cloudera January 18, 2010, Mulyadi worked with Vincent but at different companies With Vincent's guidance, all of the analytics were solved efficiently and in timely manner. Vincent's statistical, database, and programming skills helped build many mathematical models that are both sophisticated and scalable. Rick Scott Lead Resource Manager at Systems Integration Solutions, Inc April 2, 2007, Rick was a client of Vincent’s Vincent worked for one our major financial clients and the feedback received was very positive. Vincent is a professional through and through and I highly recommend him for any statistical analysis projects. View 16 more recommendations View 16 more recommendations recommendations Bertina Ceccarelli Chief Executive Officer, NPower December 10, 2015, Vincent reported directly to Bertina Bertina was one of the most respected executives at NBC Internet. Even though she was extremely busy flying back and forth between New York and San Francisco, she could always find the time to boost everyone's spirit at NBCi. Nancy Byrne Director of Marketing, North America at AMCS Group May 9, 2012, Nancy was a client of Vincent’s Nancy is a perfectionist, great listener who always appreciate your feedback. She also works very efficiently, is available even during the weekend and late in the evening, and she is passionate about her company. I really enjoy working with her. View 18 more recommendations View 18 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Vincent has 6 courses 6 Expand courses section Courses Hierarchical Bayesian Models Markov Chain Monte Carlo Markov Processes Stochastic Geometry Stochastic Point Processes Time Series Modeling Vincent has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications Developing Analytic Talent: Becoming a Data Scientist Fast clustering algorithms for massive datasets 66 job interview questions for data scientists What MapReduce can't do The curse of big data Data Science eBook by Analyticbridge Vincent has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Social Media Analytics Social Media Analytics Word Clouds of Big Data, Data Science and Other Buzz Words Word Clouds of Big Data, Data Science and Other Buzz Words Vincent has 3 patents 3 Expand patents section Patents Method and system for scoring quality of traffic to network sites Preservation of Scores of the Quality of Traffic to Network Sites across Clients and over Time Scoring quality of traffic to network sites Vincent has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Interests Skytree® – The Machine Learning Company® 3,877 followers Ciber 85,304 followers Artificial Intelligence (AI) Professionals ★ Cognitive Computing ★ Robots ★ ChatBots ★ Algorithms 16,783 members Noetix Corporation 1,072 followers Avinash KaushikAvinash Kaushik is a LinkedIn Influencer Author, Blogger, Digital Marketing Evangelist 149,671 followers Internet of Things 108,304 members See all See all following
More Actions Vincent has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Vincent Granville Pioneering Data Scientist Data Science Central Cambridge University, England Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Well rounded, visionary data science executive with broad spectrum of domain expertise, technical knowledge, and proven success in bringing measurable added value to companies ranging from startups to fortune 100, across multiple industries (finance, Internet, media, IT, security) and domains (data science, operations research, machine learning, computer science, business intelligence, growth hacking, IoT).Vincent developed and deployed new techniques such as hidden decision trees (for scoring and fraud detection), automated tagging, indexing and clustering of large document repositories, black-box, scalable, simple, noise-resistant regression known as the Jackknife Regression (fit for real-time or automated data processing), model-free confidence intervals, combinatorial feature selection algorithms, detecting causation not correlations, and generally speaking, the invention of a set of consistent robust statistical / machine learning techniques that can be understood, implemented, interpreted, leveraged and fine-tuned by the non-expert. Vincent also invented many synthetic metrics that work better than old-fashioned stats, especially on badly-behaved sparse big data. Some of these techniques have been implemented in a Map-Reduce Hadoop-like environment. Some are concerned with identifying true signal in an ocean of noisy data.Vincent is a former post-doctorate of Cambridge University and the National Institute of Statistical Sciences. He created the first IoT platform to automate growth and content generation for digital publishers, using a system of API's for machine-to-machine communications, involving Hootsuite, Twitter, and Google Analytics.Vincent's profile is accessible at http://bit.ly/1jWEfMP and includes top publications, presentations, and work experience with Visa, Microsoft, eBay, NBC, Wells Fargo, and other organisations. Email me at vincentg@datashaping.comFollow me on Twitter @AnalyticBridge (twitter.com/analyticbridge) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Vincent’s Articles & Activity 27,098 followers Advanced Machine Learning with Basic Excel Vincent Granville on LinkedIn See 58 more articles Simple Proof of the Prime Number Theorem (Updated) Vincent shared this Data Science Summer Reading List 2016 Vincent shared this Using Selection to Find Superman - More on Demand and Capacity Vincent shared this See all activity Experience Executive Data Scientist, Co-Founder Company Name Data Science Central Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area Leveraged state-of-the-art data science to grow internal revenue and profits by 500% in less than two years, while maintaining profit margins above 65%. Grew traffic and membership by 300% in two years. Introduced highly innovative, efficient, and scalable advertising products for our clients. Used proprietary growth science techniques to outperform competition.Roles: growth hacker. data scientist, developer, author, editor, blogger, speaker, consultant, open patent inventor, talent acquisition director, community manager, co-founder, CFO, product and business development. Also work on content management, ad spend/ media buying optimization, email campaign optimization, social network management (largest analytic Twitter account with 150K followers, largest analytic LinkedIn group with 250K members), and fraud/spam detection..Creation of the first Data Science Apprenticeship.Follow me on Twitter @AnalyticBridge (twitter.com/analyticbridge) Co-Founder Company Name IoT Central Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area IoT (Internet of things) relies on sensor-based flowing data collected via Internet protocols, machine-to-machine communications (sometimes in real time), API's, and various apps and devices, to create automated decisions, or provide insights to users. Typically, data science algorithms are used to extract actionable information from data. Fields of applications include energy, urban planning, healthcare, engineering, weather forecasting, and transportation sectors - for instance sensors used to monitor road traffic, recommend routes to commuters, and optimize commuting time for everyone. IoT Central (IoTCentral.io) is the leading online resource connecting a community of individuals, organizations and businesses who are focused on products, services, and opportunities in the Internet of Things era. Specifically serving those interested in the business, engineering, or industrial IoT, the site covers IoT Infrastructure, IoT Application Development, IoT Data and IoT Security. Follow us on Twitter @IoTCtrl. Founder and President Company Name Data Shaping Solutions Dates Employed Dec 1999 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Initially a successful consulting and digital media company with clients such as Visa and eBay, Data Shaping Solutions experienced a new life starting in 2015, becoming a data science think tank, research lab, intellectual property and idea foundry, with a focus on automated, added-value data science, machine-to-machine communications, and robust, simple, black-box algorithms for integration in various decision systems. In addition, the company now offers the following services, all related to data science, big data, IoT, startups, growth hacking, and entrepreneurship:- Consultancy: startup development, growth hacking, and clustering large document repositories- Articles and books catalog, offering bloggers a way to efficiently monetize their digital content- Data science search engine - add your blog or company website to our search index (free)- Automated revenue/lead generation- Training (online and on-site), and certification in data science- Free ghost writing for leading authors (articles must first be published on our network) - Ghost writing for academic scientists- Mathematical images repository (license fee required)- Data science articles repository, for digital publishers or students (license fee required)- Research and market intelligence reports, data sets and statistical summaries- Creation and production of sponsored or crow-funded knowledge and information: research papers, tutorials, podcasts, blogs, and open source or private intellectual property- Big discount on my upcoming books (Data Science 2.0, Data Science with Excel, Data Science with the Naked Eye) available to partner institutions, and to ROIdoctor.com members- Advisory services- Recruiting services, including tests and job interview questions (data science)Many of these services (and new ones such as API's for predictive modeling, or stock market signals) will soon be available on-demand via our upcoming ROIdoctor.com platform.Follow me on Twitter at @ROIdoctor Chief Innovation Officer, Founder Company Name AnalyticBridge Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Leading social network for analytics practitioners. KEY ACHIEVEMENTS:- Ranked as a top 20 Big Data influencers by the Forbes magazine, and featured on CNN. - Publication of the first Data Science eBook- Early revenue comes from from consulting with eBay and MicrosoftANALYTIC COMMUNITY:Computational marketing, traffic growth, and content management. Advertisers include EMC, Pivotal, MapR, IBM, Microsoft, Cloudera, Teradata, Splunk, SAS, StatSoft, Gartner, Northwestern University, Angoss, Strata, DataStax, Elsevier, Lavastorm, recruiters, conference organizers, small companies and major ad agencies. CONSULTING: • Developed Internet traffic scoring platform for ad networks, advertisers and publishers (rule engine, site scoring, keyword scoring, lift measurement, linkage analysis). Clients include eBay, Click Forensics, Cars.com, Turn.com, Microsoft, Looksmart.• Designed the architecture for one of the first analytics 3.0. online platforms: all-purpose scoring, with on-demand, SaaS, API services. Currently under implementation.• Engineered the most popular real time analytics news feed: responsible for architecture (super-cluster topology), implementation (automated content selection) and distribution. • Identified major Botnets generating more than 10MM per year in fraudulent transactions. • Search engine analytics: prediction of keyword conversion for keywords with little or no historical data, increased lift by 20%. • Web crawling and text mining techniques to score referral domains, generate keyword taxonomies, and assess commercial value of bid keywords.• Collaborative filtering, social network analytics.• Developed new hybrid statistical and data mining technique known as hidden decision trees and hidden forests.• Invited speaker: Predictive Analytics World, SAS International Data Mining Conference. Chief Scientist Company Name LookSmart Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Keyword and search analytics using machine learning and pattern recognition:• Created the list of top commercial keywords that account for 85% of all advertising revenue on Google.• Implemented and programmed the Google AdWords API to automatically find millions of new high value / high volume keywords for advertising campaigns (Perl, SOAP, XML)• Taxonomy improvement. • Click fraud detection (click jacking and Botnet detection). • Web site scoring, with scores used to predict chances of conversion or sales, using hidden decision trees / Naïve Bayes and web crawling. • Automated bidding for advertiser campaigns based either on keyword or category (run-of-site) bidding.• Reverse engineering of keyword pricing algorithms in the context of pay-per-click arbitrage.• Creation of multi-million bid keyword lists using extensive web crawling. Identification of metrics to measure the quality of each list (yield or coverage, volume, and keyword average financial value). See more positions Education Cambridge University, England Degree Name Post doctorate Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1996 Namur University Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Mathematics and Statistics Grade Summa Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 1,097 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by Srikanth Velamakanni and 137 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Vincent’s colleagues at Data Science Central Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 977 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Gregory Piatetsky-Shapiro and 122 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Vincent’s colleagues at Data Science Central Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 751 endorsements for Big Data 99+ Big Data Endorsed by Gregory Piatetsky-Shapiro and 57 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Vincent’s colleagues at Authenticlick Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (18) Given (20) Mulyadi Kurniawan Data Scientist at Cloudera January 18, 2010, Mulyadi worked with Vincent but at different companies With Vincent's guidance, all of the analytics were solved efficiently and in timely manner. Vincent's statistical, database, and programming skills helped build many mathematical models that are both sophisticated and scalable. Rick Scott Lead Resource Manager at Systems Integration Solutions, Inc April 2, 2007, Rick was a client of Vincent’s Vincent worked for one our major financial clients and the feedback received was very positive. Vincent is a professional through and through and I highly recommend him for any statistical analysis projects. View 16 more recommendations View 16 more recommendations recommendations Bertina Ceccarelli Chief Executive Officer, NPower December 10, 2015, Vincent reported directly to Bertina Bertina was one of the most respected executives at NBC Internet. Even though she was extremely busy flying back and forth between New York and San Francisco, she could always find the time to boost everyone's spirit at NBCi. Nancy Byrne Director of Marketing, North America at AMCS Group May 9, 2012, Nancy was a client of Vincent’s Nancy is a perfectionist, great listener who always appreciate your feedback. She also works very efficiently, is available even during the weekend and late in the evening, and she is passionate about her company. I really enjoy working with her. View 18 more recommendations View 18 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Vincent has 6 courses 6 Expand courses section Courses Hierarchical Bayesian Models Markov Chain Monte Carlo Markov Processes Stochastic Geometry Stochastic Point Processes Time Series Modeling Vincent has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications Developing Analytic Talent: Becoming a Data Scientist Fast clustering algorithms for massive datasets 66 job interview questions for data scientists What MapReduce can't do The curse of big data Data Science eBook by Analyticbridge Vincent has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Social Media Analytics Social Media Analytics Word Clouds of Big Data, Data Science and Other Buzz Words Word Clouds of Big Data, Data Science and Other Buzz Words Vincent has 3 patents 3 Expand patents section Patents Method and system for scoring quality of traffic to network sites Preservation of Scores of the Quality of Traffic to Network Sites across Clients and over Time Scoring quality of traffic to network sites Vincent has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Interests AdMobius 180 followers Noetix Corporation 1,072 followers POSSIBLE 40,019 followers MySource Consulting 1,473 followers Facultés universitaires 'Notre-Dame de la Paix' 11,825 followers Reunify 498 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vishal has a account Vishal Doshi Data Scientist at Celect Celect, Inc. Massachusetts Institute of Technology Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Celect, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater Boston Area Member, Board of Advisors Company Name Boone Group LLC Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Principal Data Scientist Company Name Recorded Future Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Boston Area Special Assistant to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics Company Name US Department of Defense Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Analyst, National Broadband Task Force Company Name Federal Communications Commission Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area See more positions Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name S.M. Field Of Study Technology and Policy Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name S.M. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering & Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Electrical & Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 37 endorsements for Data Analysis 37 Data Analysis Endorsed by Thomas Rand-Nash, PhD and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Vishal’s colleagues at Recorded Future Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 29 endorsements for Analytics 29 Analytics Endorsed by Andy Palmer, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Vishal’s colleagues at Recorded Future Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 20 endorsements for Research 20 Research Endorsed by 5 of Vishal’s colleagues at Recorded Future Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Jason Hines Global VP of Sales at Recorded Future March 3, 2016, Jason was senior to Vishal but didn’t manage directly Jason has the impressive ability to identify and nurture talent, both in his team and across the company. Joy Angela Shanaberger Business Strategy & Management Expert October 24, 2013, Joy Angela worked with Vishal in the same group While working with Joy in the office of the 3rd-ranking U.S. Department of Defense official, I saw her consistently demonstrate competence, poise and ingenuity in everything she was assigned. Our office relied upon her communications and organization skills and her ability to plan and execute complex projects across the domestic and international Defense sphere. Her ability to develop solutions to novel challenges under tight constraints made our office run smoother and the example of her dedication made everyone more productive. Accomplishments Vishal has 6 languages 6 Expand languages section Languages English Gujarati Hindi Russian Sanskrit Spanish Vishal has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications Functional Compression through Graph Coloring Fair Scheduling through Packet Election Functional Compression: Theory and Application Source Coding with Distortion through Graph Coloring Distributed Functional Compression through Graph Coloring Graph Coloring and Conditional Graph Entropy Vishal has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Secretary of Defense Award for Excellence Metcalfe Digital Opportunity Award Sandia Fellowship for Engineering Systems Vodafone Scholarship for Telecommunications Systems Undergraduate Mathematics Contest Winner Interests MIT Massachusetts Institute of Technology Alumni 44,461 members Foreign Affairs Magazine 9,411 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology 337,792 followers Obama Alumni 4,128 members Celect, Inc. 989 followers Data Science Community 15,310 members See all See all following
More Actions Jerry has a account Jerry Smith VP of Data Sciences at Cognizant Cognizant NOVA Southeastern University Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Dr. Jerry A. Smith is a visionary entrepreneurial data scientist with 20 years of cognitive computing, artificial intelligence, enterprise data sciences, and machine learning experience. Jerry is recognized as a leading expert in the simulation of human thought and the development of enterprise cognitive and data sciences capabilities. Over the last five years, he has worked on practical methods for unifying data science capabilities and big data infrastructure throughout the enterprise, in order to solve real problems facing today's businesses.Data Scientist Insights: http://datascientistinsights.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience VP of Data Sciences Company Name Cognizant Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Responsible for data sciences services. Chief Data Scientist Company Name Capgemini Advanced Digital Intelligence and Data Science & Analytics Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area I am the Chief Data Scientist for Capgemini's Advanced Digital Intelligence (ADI) operations; a group that harnesses the power of open source intelligence, digital signaling, data science and human analysis to provide insights with operational impact. As such, I am the lead architect and developer of its intelligence platform that is based on a hadoop (hdfs and map reduce) and distributed R ecosystem, incorporating enterprise data science and governance processes. I am also the lead data scientist for the North America division of Capgemini's Data Science & Analytics (DSA) operations, which provides global data science capabilities to global 1000 companies.Responsibilities- Lead architect and developer for hadoop (hdfs and map reduce) ecosystem (hive, pig, impala, oozie, solr, loom, etc.) based platforms- Lead data scientist and personally conducted studies for programs and projects at ADI and DSA North America. - Identification and realization of intelligence capabilities, ranging from data sources, to data harvesting, to enterprise data storage, to analytics, to data science, to insights visualization, and through enterprise integration- Designing, implementing and analyzing algorithms which substantially impact multiple intelligence related problems- Establishing data science strategic research roadmap and capabilities identification.- Lead client acquisition teams for Data Science and Analytics in North America, which includes prospect pre-sales engagement, problem and solutions identification, proposal generation, and resource identification. Chief Data Scientist (CDS) Company Name Sentillian Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area I discover insights from data using scientific modeling, linear and logistic regressions, machine learning, and 3i-Mind proprietary data and services. I work closely with the intelligence analysts and advisors, engineering teams and the data analysts, and I am responsible for the creation and the evolution of the data science-based tools and methods critical to producing quality insights & intelligence for our clients.Responsibilities- Leading the development and testing of hypotheses across all functional areas at Intelligence Analysis- Researching and applying multidisciplinary techniques, findings and approaches to 3i-Mind problems- Designing, implementing and analyzing algorithms which substantially impact multiple 3i-Mind problems- Leading development of prototypes and guiding solutions into production- Establishing data science strategic research roadmap- Serving as a team member to consult on complex data science issues, contributing key ideas- Growing and leading the data science groupSentillian (formerly 3i-Mind) Adjunct Professor, Gradutate School of Computer and Information Sciences Company Name NOVA Southeastern University Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Teach graduate level courses in computer and information sciences. Primary research interests are evolutionary and agent based systems, artificial intellience, machine learning, data science, big data.Research Focus - The John Holland genetic algorithm lacks some of the genomic regulatory mechanisms necessary to overcome novel environmental dynamics by fast adaptive change. This simple genetic algorithm uses a haploid chromosome-based cell that reproduces only once during its single generation life span by using a modified asexual reproductive technique. This original cellular structure does not support the expression of recessive genomic characteristics that are essential for adaptive change. Its single life span and reproductive cycle do not allow for the possibility of highly fit parents to continuously contribute to the successful evolution of the population. Asexual reproductive techniques fail to pass the test of natural selection. My principle research develops a new genetic algorithm that is based on an organic and systematic representations of those structural and behavioral characteristics found in highly adaptive organisms. By using a diploid chromosome-based cell that sexually reproduce across many generations; my research has produced a more adaptive optimization algorithm than originally produced by Holland when performance tested using De Jong’s Test Functions. Managing Director Company Name LiquidHub Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Paoli, PA • Client Delivery Summary - Developed enterprise-wide data migration strategy for Philadelphia-based global health services company. Conducted risk assessments on migration events related operational readiness activities. Developed global technology platform, for leading New York-based advertising agency,integrating collaboration, digital asset management, social media, and high speed transport tech. Identified next generation technologies supporting language/cultural transcreation, neuromarketing, and insights development through data science & big data.• M&As - Performed technical, process, people, and infrastructure due diligences for venture capitalist on leading technology companies regarding product and services architecture, enterprise architecture, and intellectual property.• Data Science/Big Data -- Developed data monetization framework based on data and information economics. Creative Enterprise Data Science (EDS) methodology, based on a hypotheses-driven assessment framework, used to translate business objective to predictive & classification models to actionable enterprise operations leveraging traditional and big data process and storage assets. Defined framework for building big data enable ecosystem (Hadoop, Pentaho, Cloudera, Pneuron, etc.). Developed translation methodology for mapping machine learning algorithm into big data (big store, map reduce, etc.), stand alone application, and enterprise application resources. Define customer-centric use and business cases for big data to establish monetization of data strategy. • Red Team -- Developed and delivered Analytical and Operational Red Team (authorized adversary-based assessments for defensive purposes) based on Sandia National Laboratories IDART methodology. Conducted threat matrix development and analyses. Conducted adversary modeling and attack tree-based threat risk analyses. Conducted red team, legal, information security, and joint operational workshops. See more positions Education NOVA Southeastern University Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 NOVA Southeastern University Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 California State Polytechnic University-Pomona Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Cloud Computing See 74 endorsements for Cloud Computing 74 Cloud Computing Endorsed by Indranil Mukherjee and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Jerry’s colleagues at LiquidHub Click and drag to reorder skills Enterprise Software See 66 endorsements for Enterprise Software 66 Enterprise Software Endorsed by Jyoti Pande and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jerry’s colleagues at Cognizant Click and drag to reorder skills Enterprise Architecture See 61 endorsements for Enterprise Architecture 61 Enterprise Architecture Endorsed by Anne Marie Smith and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jerry’s colleagues at Cognizant Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (15) Glenn Gruber Sr. Mobile Strategist at Propelics August 25, 2009, Jerry was senior to Glenn but didn’t manage directly As a marketer I wish I could work with Jerry the rest of my career. He has an uncanny knack to make the complex simple and tie technology back to the business agenda. At Symphony Jerry has been our thought leadership engine, writing bylined articles, blogging and being our primary face to analysts on all things architecture like SOA, SaaS and Cloud Computing. He's a brilliant mind and a wonderful person whom I value as both a colleague and a friend. Ellen Purdy Chief Financial Officer at Office Practicum October 29, 2008, Jerry worked with Ellen in the same group Jerry Smith has the unusual combination of up-to-the-minute knowledge of the technical landscape coupled with extraodinary business acumen. He's a technology leader that completely understands technology's impact on the business, and vice versa. In addition, he is a natural born teacher and communicator. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Bob Savino Chief Digital Officer / CTO with CX and FinTech Innovation Experience July 31, 2014, Bob worked with Jerry in the same group Bob is a truly talented enterprise architect that has a unique ability to identify real meaningful strategy. Not only would I work with Bob today or in the future, but he is one of the few people I would work for.Dr. J Jennifer Koeller Consultant March 15, 2011, Jerry was senior to Jennifer but didn’t manage directly Jennifer is an extremely detailed-orieted person and one of the reason I was so successful at Symphony. If given the opportunity, I work with her in any capacity in the future.Dr. Jerry A. Smith View 13 more recommendations View 13 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Ron ShaichRon Shaich is a LinkedIn Influencer founder, chairman, & CEO at Panera Bread 224,649 followers Internet of Things 108,305 members CrowdSourcing & CrowdFunding for Entrepreneurs & Investors 57,924 members Hadoop Users 98,331 members U.S. Department of State 182,697 followers Big Data, Low Latency 26,957 members See all See all following
More Actions Meggie has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Meggie von Haartman Data Scientist at Efinancial Efinancial University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Operations Research engineer solving business problems quickly and efficiently. Specializing in operations research, industrial engineering analysis, custom software solutions, dynamic pricing and hybrid mathematics. Interested in consulting work and project management experience.Open to 100% travel. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Meggie’s Articles 2,185 followers Efinancial Front-End Web developer open position Meggie von Haartman on LinkedIn Publish dateJuly 7, 2015 See all articles Efinancial Front-End Web developer open position Meggie von Haartman on LinkedIn Publish dateJuly 7, 2015 Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Efinancial Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Independent research consultant Company Name Kickstart Software, LLC Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos • Social media marketing for roy rotten gaming• Yapta Optimal comfort itineraries for pilot projects with major Credit Card Company• Defined a Process Capability study for customer service levels in a call center.• Customized macros in Excel to aide in time studies. • Aided in clients with Chrysalis reporting system to obtain various data sets. • Performed learning curve analysis for aerospace manufacturing to determine appropriate staffing needs for a new product line. Data Scientist Company Name Boomerang Commerce Dates Employed Oct 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater Seattle Area • Dynamic pricing strategies for online retailers• Custom algorithms to optimize for client financial goals Data Analyst Company Name Intelius Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Data Analyst Company Name AdaQuest Inc Dates Employed May 2011 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 University of Washington Degree Name MSE Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Alpha Pi MU GK-12 fellowship University of Washington Degree Name BS, BSE Field Of Study Applied Mathematics (Operations Research), Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2002 Volunteer Experience Member Board Of Directors VP Company Name Seattle Beagle Rescue Dates volunteered Mar 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 3 mos Cause Animal Welfare Helping save lives of homeless hounds in Greater Seattle area.www.beaglerescue.org Volunteer Company Name Pawsitive Alliance Dates volunteered Dec 2013 – Dec 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Animal Welfare Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 57 endorsements for Analysis 57 Analysis Anurag Parida and 56 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 41 endorsements for Project Management 41 Project Management Endorsed by 7 of Meggie’s colleagues at Intelius Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 38 endorsements for Strategy 38 Strategy Endorsed by 4 of Meggie’s colleagues at Intelius Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Vladimir Brayman Senior Data Scientist at Xome November 21, 2011, Vladimir managed Meggie directly Meggie is a dedicated and diligent analyst. She excels in understanding the assignments given to her and in communicating them to other members of the team. I highly recommend Meggie. Roberto Lu Vice President - Technology: Advanced Manufacturing at TE Connectivity August 26, 2012, Roberto and Meggie were students together Meggie and I were both in University of Washington on our PhD programs. I realized her outstanding analytical capabilities that can be applied to real world solutions back then. Now both of us have graduated and working at different industry sectors. Her strong operations research capability still impressive. Her intelligence is not only in her very qualified technical skills, but also in her understanding in business environment and working with people. Hence, I recommend her via LinkedIn here. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Julie Taylor Managing Broker-Windermere Real Estate February 12, 2016, Meggie was a client of Julie’s Julie helped us find the perfect home to start our new family. All our asks were considered in finding our home and she was careful to also include her knowledge of the neighborhoods, our commute times, and good to haves for a growing family with two pups. This is my second time using Julie for home buying. This time was just as awesome as the first! Accomplishments Meggie has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Spanish Swedish Meggie has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication A meta-control algorithm for generating approximate solutions to binary programming problems Interests Marketing Pros - Largest Marketers Group: Digital Inbound Social Media Content Search Email SEO Jobs 441,589 members Pulse 1,535,177 followers Jean ChatzkyJean Chatzky is a LinkedIn Influencer Financial Editor NBC TODAY and Weekly Podcast Host of HerMoney with Jean Chatzky 237,813 followers Clarity Insights 7,844 followers Analytics | Big Data | Business Intelligence | Data Science | Data Analysis | Data Visualization 12,867 members Lean Professionals Sweden 2,153 members See all See all following
More Actions Patrick has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Patrick Hall Data Scientist and Product Engineer H2O.ai North Carolina State University Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data scientist specializing in automated organizational decision making and interpretable AI. Adjunct at GWU department of Decision Sciences. O'Reilly contributor. Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist and Product Engineer Company Name H2O.ai Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area • Leading interpretability, transparency, and trustworthiness efforts for weak artificial intelligence (AI) prediction engines.• Advising some of the best commercial data science groups in the U.S. on advanced machine learning projects. Adjunct Professor Company Name George Washington University Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Creating lectures, assignments, and assessments for graduate data mining (3 credit hours) and machine learning (1.5 credit hours) courses, and teaching SAS programming (1 day workshop) for the Department of Decision Sciences. Senior Data Scientist Company Name SAS Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Cary, NC • Influencing machine learning research direction for SAS Enterprise Miner, a leading commercial data mining and machine learning solution with over 1 B US$ lifetime revenue. • Advising Fortune 500 customers on real-world, large-scale machine learning problems; involved in numerous multi-million US$ customer engagements.• Enabling technical sales teams and user communities by creating white papers, blogs, and YouTube videos, and developing and maintaining open-source, public GitHub repositories to share advanced machine learning use cases; maintained the most popular SAS repository on GitHub. • Collaborating with colleagues to design an automated system to clean and cluster a data set for market segmentation purposes (U.S. Patent Numbers 9202178, 9367799, and 9367602). Methods to be implemented is SAS’ next-gen data mining and machine learning solutions. Research Statistician Developer Company Name SAS Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Cary, NC • Eleventh person worldwide to become a Cloudera certified data scientist.• Researching and implementing new data mining and machine learning approaches for SAS Enterprise Miner; data mining for special projects. Senior Associate Research Statistician Developer Company Name SAS Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Cary, NC • Co-invented the aligned box criterion for estimating the number of clusters in a data set (U.S. Patent Number 9424337). This method was later implemented in two commercial distributed, in-memory data mining and machine learning solutions.• Developed SAS Enterprise Miner R Integration, enabling R models to be deployed in-database, in-Hadoop, and through web services and to be monitored using industry standard model management tools.• Won internal SAS data mining challenge with 0.99014 correct classification on Kaggle MNIST data.• Teamed up with colleagues to introduce deep learning research into SAS Enterprise Miner R & D; awarded "Coolest Idea" prize with two colleagues in SAS Advanced Analytics Science Fair for "Deep Learning in Enterprise Miner" project. Media (2) This position has 2 media Using R in SAS Enterprise Miner Using R in SAS Enterprise Miner This media is a video Deep Learning in SAS Enterprise Miner Deep Learning in SAS Enterprise Miner This media is a video See more positions Education North Carolina State University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 SAS Student Ambassador and Team Lead for Credit Risk Analytics Project with M&T Bank. Classwork in statistics, mathematical programming, data mining, data visualization, management, and leadership - all applied to data analysis in industry. University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Field Of Study Computational Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 Roger Adams Fellow University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 69 endorsements for Data Mining 69 Data Mining Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 22 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 32 of Patrick’s colleagues at SAS Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 60 endorsements for SAS 60 SAS Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 22 of Patrick’s colleagues at SAS Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 51 endorsements for Analytics 51 Analytics Endorsed by Polly Mitchell-Guthrie and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 23 of Patrick’s colleagues at SAS Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Patrick has 6 patents 6 Expand patents section Patents Computerized cluster analysis framework for decorrelated cluster identification in datasets Graph based selection of decorrelated variables Neural network based cluster visualization that computes pairwise distances between centroid locations, and determines a projected centroid location in a multidimensional space Determination of composite clusters Probabilistic cluster assignment Number of clusters estimation Patrick has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Brody Professional Communications Certification Cloudera Certified Data Scientist SAS Certified Advanced Programmer SAS Certified Predictive Modeler for SAS Enterprise Miner Patrick has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards IAA Director’s Award SAS Student Ambassador Roger Adams Fellowship NSF - REU Fellowship Patrick has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications The preoccupation with test error in applied machine learning The Evolution of Analytics Predictive modeling: Striking a balance between accuracy and interpretability An Overview of Machine Learning with SAS Enterprise Miner Patrick has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Enlighten Open-Source Repositories Enlighten Applied Repositories Enlighten Deep Repositories Interests North Carolina State University 198,811 followers Hadoop Users 98,331 members University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 330,950 followers Deep Learning 9,837 members World Camp, Inc. 105 followers NC State University College of Sciences 1,277 members See all See all following
More Actions Roshanak has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Roshanak Omrani, Ph.D. - Data Scientist Data Mining & Visualization | Machine Learning | Statistical & Predictive Modeling | Algorithms | RDBMS UC Irvine University of California, Los Angeles Orange County, California Area 369 369 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My background is in computational and data-driven research topics relevant to Earthquake Engineering. I have extensive experience in implementing algorithms for extracting patterns from and fitting models to vibration data collected from civil structures. I wish to apply the pattern recognition skills that I have acquired through such background across a wider array of disciplines. A transition to Data Science would provide that opportunity. I have recently completed an Immersive Data Science training program to fine-tune my skills for such an interdisciplinary endeavor. My experience in academia has trained me well for addressing all key elements of a project, which begins with the problem identification and ends with the implementation of an optimal solution, and necessitates the ability to communicate motivations, objectives, methodologies, and outcomes to stakeholders throughout the process. I am passionate about mathematics. Math helps me arrive at analogies and draw parallels between concepts that may not appear to be related in the first place. I look forward to joining a dynamic Data Science team, where I can be of positive impact and enjoy using my skills towards the fulfillment of the team’s objectives.Skills:Programming: Python (data structures, object-oriented programming), MATLABData Cleaning and Munging: pandasMachine Learning, Statistical Modeling, Bayesian Inference: scikit-learn, statsmodels, pymcNatural Language Processing: NLTKWeb Scraping: BeautifulSoup, urllib2Visualization: matplotlib, seaborn, tableauDatabases: SQL, PostgreSQLDistributed Version Control: GitTechnical Writing See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Project Scientist Company Name UC Irvine Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Summary: Probabilistic assessment of seismic hazard imposed on structures (joint project between Los Angeles, Irvine, and Berkeley Campuses of University of California). The outcomes of the project provided improved guidelines to California Department of Transportation (Caltrans) for performance-based seismic assessment and analysis of highway bridges by recognizing patterns in and quantifying sensitivity of seismic demand parameters to epistemic and aleatory uncertainties. Highlights:Developed a comprehensive suite of scripts in the computational platform Open System for Earthquake Engineering Simulation (OpenSEES) to automate numerical modeling and seismic simulation of complex systems of highway bridges based on user-specified model parameters. Organized efficient routines for massive seismic simulation of bridge structures, utilizing computing clusters of UCLA Institute for Digital Research and Education (IDRE) and UCI High Performance Computing Cluster (HPC). Implemented post-processing modules for performance prediction and failure analysis of bridges in a statistical framework.Guided and coordinated synergetic efforts in the framework of the project between research groups at UCLA and UCI. Post-Doctoral / Graduate Student Research Associate Company Name UCLA Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Summary: Application of system identification, inverse-problem, and signal processing techniques for development and implementation of Structural Health Monitoring Algorithms for deterministic and stochastic dynamic systems.Highlights:Developed an algorithm for rapid assessment of state of health of building structures by localizing and quantifying reduction in the load resistance capacity of lateral load bearing systems of the building. Methodology: Fitting a covariance-based regression model and anomaly detection in stationary ambient vibration data collected before and after an extreme event.Developed an algorithm for estimating nonlinear force-deformation and energy dissipation capacity of building structures. Methodology: Implementing Kalman Filtering for identification of a state-space representation from vibration data collected during earthquake excitations. Supervised several undergraduate students to catalog instrumented buildings from the inventory of Center for Engineering Strong Motion Data (CESMD) in order to assess feasibility of implementation of various structural health monitoring techniques, given building and instrumentation characteristics. Lecturer Company Name UC Irvine, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Structural Dynamics Lecturer Company Name UCLA, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Introduction to computing for civil engineers Teaching Assistant Company Name UCLA, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos - Introduction to computing for civil engineers- Applied numerical computing and modeling in civil and environmental engineering- Elementary structural mechanics See more positions Education University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Civil Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Major: Structural MechanicsMinor: MathematicsMinor: Solid MechanicsDissertation title: System identification of torsionally coupled shear buildings using linear and hysteretic time-domain data. University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Civil Engineering, Structural Mechanics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 University of Tehran Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Civil Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Structural Dynamics See 42 endorsements for Structural Dynamics 42 Structural Dynamics Endorsed by Farzin Zareian and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Roshanak’s colleagues at UC Irvine Click and drag to reorder skills Numerical Analysis See 37 endorsements for Numerical Analysis 37 Numerical Analysis Endorsed by Ali Nojoumi and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Roshanak’s colleagues at UC Irvine Click and drag to reorder skills Finite Element Analysis See 31 endorsements for Finite Element Analysis 31 Finite Element Analysis Endorsed by Farzin Zareian and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Roshanak’s colleagues at UC Irvine Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Roshanak has 12 publications 12 Expand publications section Publications Responses of two tall buildings in Tokyo, Japan, before, during and after the M9.0 Tohoku Earthquake of March 11, 2011. Guidelines for Nonlinear Seismic Analysis of Ordinary Bridges: Version 2.0. System identification of the E-Defense full-scale four story steel test structure utilizing shake table test data and an unscented Kalman filtering-based algorithm. Parametric identification of non-degrading hysteresis in a laterally-torsionally coupled building using an unscented Kalman filter. Identification of mass eccentricities from seismic response of three dimensional buildings. Story-by-story estimation of the stiffness parameters of laterally-torsionally coupled buildings using forced or ambient vibration data: I. Formulation & verification. Story-by-story estimation of the stiffness parameters of laterally-torsionally coupled buildings using forced or ambient vibration data: II. Application to experimental data. Assessment of seismic soil-foundation-structure interaction analysis procedure for long-span bridges using recorded strong motion data. Story-by-story identification of multi-story frames from hysteretic response data. Three-story concrete building in CSMIP. In Structural identification (St-Id) of constructed facilities – approaches, methods and technologies for effective practice of St-Id. Roshanak has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Base Isolation Techniques Dynamics of Structures Elastodynamics Finite Element Analysis Linear and Nonlinear Elasticity Stability of Structures Stochastic Dynamic Systems Stochastic Estimation Stochastic Processes Theory of Plates and Shells Roshanak has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Certificate of Completion: Data Science Immersive Multi-Hazard Risk Assessment (using GIS and remote sensing data) Structural Health Monitoring using Statistical Pattern Recognition Professional Civil Engineer Roshanak has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects SmartCab: Bayesian Framework for Probabilistic Forecast of Taxi Trips in NYC Data Science Weekly Projects Interests Data Quality and Metadata Management 4,855 members KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,126 members SmartAction 1,134 followers Earthquake Engineering Research Institute 1,212 followers Data Scientists 49,116 members Pattern Recognition, Data Mining, Machine Intelligence and Learning 41,386 members See all See all following
More Actions Colin has a account Colin Borys Senior Data Scientist at Riot Games (HIRING!) Riot Games The University of British Columbia Greater Los Angeles Area 265 265 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Translating my big-data background into a Dungeons and Dragons archetype, I would best be described as a Human Neutral Good Ranger; Versatile and well travelled, I excel in solving problems that require a combination of skill sets.I transform data obtained from multiple sources and convert into information that is easy to interpret and act on. Historically I have applied these skills towards scientific discoveries in Astronomy, where I have worked on a wide variety of telescopes on the ground, flown in the stratosphere, and launched into space. With a doctorate in Astrophysics, I have a an extensive and well cited publication record.Now, I use these skills (and am developing new ones) in another industry I am passionate about: Video Games. Specifically, I am using machine learning techniques as a component in a larger *team* based effort to improve our players network connection to our game servers.In my spare time I develop software, work on a Raspberry PI home automation system, and venture into moneypuck territory by playing with hockey statistics. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Colin’s Activity 266 followers GWENT: The Witcher Card Game's Next Step is a Public Beta Colin liked GWENT closed beta sign-ups close this weekend Colin liked See all activity Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Riot Games Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Data Scientist Company Name Riot Games Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Analyze network performance between players and League of Legends using machine learning techniques. Data Scientist and Project Manager Company Name AuriQ Systems, Inc. Dates Employed May 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area - Oversee development of the Essentia big-data processing engine (http://www.auriq.net)- Process TB and higher data volumes using Amazon Web Services- Interact with clients to determine what intelligence is required from their data.- Develop analytic metrics tailored to customer needs. Research Scientist Company Name Caltech Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Pasadena, CA - Calibration scientist, working on the Herschel Space Telescope (specifically the HIFI instrument)- Software manager for an international project involving ~100 FTEs.- Software and algorithm developer for data analysis related to Herschel.- Manage a large database of information and analyse it using customized distributed computing code. Professor Company Name University of Toronto Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Professor of Astronomy See more positions Education The University of British Columbia Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Astrophysics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2002 Activities and Societies: Volunteer Observatory operator and public outreach PhD in Astrophysics: Developed methods and software to analyze data from a new detector array at the JCMT telescope. Used results to place constraints on how galaxies evolve in our Universe.MSc in Physics: Designed, programmed, and built the pointing system for a balloon-borne telescope used to study the Cosmic Microwave Background. Thesis concentrated on optimization of telescope observing strategies.Won University award for best teaching assistant (2000).Received numerous grants and awards for research. University of Saskatchewan Degree Name BEng Field Of Study Engineering Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Member of IEEE and other engineering/physics associations. Concentration on multi-discipline system engineering.Received numerous academic merit awards. Volunteer Experience Observatory Operator and tour guide to the cosmos Company Name The University of British Columbia Dates volunteered Sep 2000 – Sep 2002 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Apache Kafka See 1 endorsement for Apache Kafka 1 Apache Kafka Xiaoyang Yang has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hive See 1 endorsement for Hive 1 Hive Xiaoyang Yang has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Vertica Vertica No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Colin has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses C++ For C Programmers Computing for Data Analysis Introduction to Data Science Machine Learning Colin has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Fault tolerant grid-based pipelining of astronomical data Herschel Interactive Processing Environment Shotstone Colin has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Machine Learning Computing for Data Analysis Colin has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Colin has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication The Relationship between Stellar and Black Hole Mass in Submillimeter Galaxies Interests Riot Careers 44,465 members Pulse 1,535,177 followers Riot Games 105,127 followers Caltech 42,823 followers Network Security, Management and Monitoring 2,705 members The University of British Columbia 263,320 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nikolaos has a account Nikolaos Tsantekidis Data Scientist | MSc in Business Analytics and Big Data Krataion Consulting IE Business School Greece 412 412 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Business Analytics and Big Data candidate with experience in the Consulting and Banking Sector while holding a Bachelor degree in Economics. Bilingual speaker in English and Greek, while having elementary proficiency knowledge in German. Experience in multitasking, adapting to rapidly changing environments, delivering high-quality customer service, and collaborating with stakeholders, from multiple backgrounds, in a team. Aiming to pursue a career as Data Scientist after graduating. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Nikolaos’ Activity 413 followers Regulating Ethereum? EU Parliament weighs Blockchain's big issues with Blockchain Observatory Program Nikolaos liked What if blockchain changed social values? [Podcast] Nikolaos liked Good morning from Madrid. Big day here at #IPEC17 for European Private Equity. Nikolaos liked I will give a talk tomorrow at the nVidia GTC conferences in San Jose, CA. This event is the place where deep learning, supercomputing, big data, simulation and computer graphics meet. My favourite fields all together :) (if you are around and want to meet just PM!) Nikolaos liked A victory for patriotism over nationalism. Congratulations France. Congratulations Emmanuel Macron. #Presidentielle2017 Nikolaos liked How to become a better developer! Nikolaos liked See all activity Experience Online Advisor at Grow Greek Tourism Online, an initiative by Google Company Name Krataion Consulting Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Greece Worked for Google’s project “Grow Greek Tourism Online”. Grow Greek Tourism Online is an initiative by Google and runs in cooperation with the Greek Ministry of Tourism, the Greek National Organization and the Greek Tourism Confederation. Consulted individually more than 370 tourism enterprises located in cities such as Athens, Volos and Ioannina, on how to amplify their online presence by leading technical workshops and training sessions. Developed digital solutions and action plans to meet and exceed expectations of needs for enterprise clients. Won best team award, based on the number of consulted clients and the quality score of the whole team.Achieved individual quality score of 4,77/5 based on clients feedback. Media (2) This position has 2 media Grow Greek Tourism Online, an initiative by Google Grow Greek Tourism Online, an initiative by Google This media is an image Grow Greek Tourism Online Grow Greek Tourism Online This media is a link Military Police Company Name Hellenic Air Force (HAF) Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Athens Greece Graduated from the Military Police School in the top 5% based on physical and written tests.Designed and executed protocols for transportation of High-Value Assets and military executives. Assistant Account Officer Company Name Eurobank (GRE) Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Neo Psichiko, Athens Greece Main activities and responsibilities :ancillary tasks such remittance payments, control checks for any omissions or smudging and identification of signatures. communication with costumersstudied clients’ files containing financial data such as: *the course of the company's financial situation (financial indicators) *diagnosing problems in the balance sheet of the company *description of the commercial activities of the company *forms of loans received by the companyFamiliarised myself with International Accounting Standards, Business Plans, presentations to clients and the Accounts Officer. Education IE Business School Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Business Analytics and Big Data Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Activities and Societies: President of the IE Geek Club, Member of : IE Ambassadors, Big Data Club, Technology and Inovation Club, Blockchain Club University of Piraeus Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Economics Grade 8.26/10 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Aeggee Athens Completed four year studies at the University of Piraeus in September 2014 and graduated occupying the 4th place among 72 graduates , who had been admitted in the same academic year (2010-2011). Areas of expertise : finance, econometrics and statistics. Arsakeia School in Psychiko Grade 17.8/20 Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2010 Activities and Societies: ●played in the school's basketball team ●elected president during the last year of High school Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 33 endorsements for Python 33 Python Anastasios Fountoulakis and 32 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SPSS See 35 endorsements for SPSS 35 SPSS Endorsed by Edoardo Oliveri and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Econometrics See 24 endorsements for Econometrics 24 Econometrics Anastasios Fountoulakis and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Spiros Milonas Consultant and Entrepreneur February 14, 2017, Spiros was senior to Nikolaos but didn’t manage directly I had the pleasure of working with Nikolaos during his work at our team at Krataion Consulting. Nikos worked as an Online Advisor where he had to educate, consult and train travel SMB on the value of digital. He led 370 consulting engagements with businesses in the hospitality sector during a period of only 5 months. Nikos obtained a satisfaction score 4.77 out 5 for his individual performance – placing him at the top 3 out of the whole team of 20 Online Advisors. The special attribute that led to this exceptional feedback was his ability and patience to explain complicated things in a very comprehensive and structured manner to business owners. His positive attitude and solution based approach as well as his strong teamwork have been Nikos strongest attributes. I would strongly recommend him as I believe in his qualities, potential and skills. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nikolaos has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Analytics for financial Services HADOOP Machine Learning NO SQL Databases Risk and Fraud Analyticis SPARK Statistical Programming in Python Statistical Programming in R Nikolaos has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications ReGeneration Certificate Programming for Everybody (Python) Intermediate R Intro to Python for Data Science Nikolaos has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English German Greek Spanish Nikolaos has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Projects Project nameProject I: IBM Watson Challenge IEureka - ChatBot Assistant for prospective IE students Segmentation Analysis on 52 Provinces of Spain Econometric Analysis Of India's Debt Nikolaos has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Regeneration Progam Interests Samasource 5,621 followers IE Big Data Club 299 members Fortune Greece 902 followers DNV GL 130,564 followers Buffer 14,150 followers University of Piraeus - Department of Economics 221 members See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Markham Data Scientist, Educator, Entrepreneur Data School Vanderbilt University Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a data science educator and the founder of Data School. I specialize in Python and machine learning. I have hundreds of hours of experience as a data science classroom instructor, and thousands of hours of experience developing high-quality data science educational materials. I am am currently teaching my own series of live, online data science courses. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Founder Company Name Data School Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Data School consists of a blog (50,000+ monthly views), a YouTube channel (1.5+ million minutes watched), and a unique series of live, online data science courses that I teach.More info: http://www.dataschool.io Co-Founder Company Name Causetown Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Causetown is a patent-pending online platform that enables small businesses to easily launch charitable promotions any or every day of the year so they can drive sales while doing good for their community. Conversely, schools and nonprofit organizations can raise money simply by encouraging their supporters to shop and dine with local businesses.My primary responsibilities: Operations, web application project management, application testing, release management, customer service, user training, analytics, reporting, blogging. Secondary responsibilities: user interface design, business development, fundraising, sales. Data Science Instructor Fellow Company Name General Assembly Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Recruit, interview, and mentor new data science classroom instructors. Lead Data Science Instructor Company Name General Assembly Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Lead instructor for five sessions of General Assembly's 11-week classroom-based Data Science course. Over 350 hours of experience teaching the entire data science pipeline in Python, with a strong focus on machine learning. Responsibilities include curriculum development, classroom management, and project review.Course info: https://generalassemb.ly/education/data-science/washington-dc Community Teaching Assistant Company Name Coursera Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Volunteer online teaching assistant for courses within the Johns Hopkins University Data Science Specialization (by invitation):- Data Scientist's Toolbox (17 sessions)- Capstone Project (inaugural session)Specialization info: https://www.coursera.org/specialization/jhudatascience/1 See more positions Education Vanderbilt University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Activities and Societies: Student Government Association Senate (elected 3 years), Alternative Spring Break (board member), Community Vanderbilt (board member) Graduated summa cum laude (GPA 3.97), received Computer Engineering Program Award (top computer engineer in the class), received Dean's Award for Outstanding Scholarship, received Chancellor's Scholarship. General Assembly DC Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 Completed an intensive 11-week course covering the entire data science pipeline in both R and Python: data gathering, munging, exploration, visualization, and predictive modeling. Returned as an "Expert in Residence" for the following session, and returned as an instructor for the five sessions after that. Media (1) This position has 1 media Final project presentation video: "Allstate Purchase Prediction Challenge" on Kaggle Final project presentation video: "Allstate Purchase Prediction Challenge" on Kaggle This media is a video Johns Hopkins University (online via Coursera) Degree Name Specialization Certificate Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 Completed the Data Science Specialization, a series of ten month-long courses taught by professors in Biostatistics from Johns Hopkins University.Completed all courses "with distinction": Data Scientist's Toolbox, Computing for Data Analysis, Getting and Cleaning Data, Exploratory Data Analysis, Reproducible Research, Statistical Inference, Regression Models, Practical Machine Learning, Developing Data Products, Capstone Project.Verified certificate: https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/specialization/7RcZCInkEe See more education Volunteer Experience Hotline Listener Company Name CrisisLink Dates volunteered Feb 2007 – Mar 2008 Volunteer duration 1 yr 2 mos Cause Social Services Completed 50 hours of hotline training and staffed the hotline for 150 hours. Answered hundreds of calls from those in crisis or contemplating suicide. Responded with empathic and non-judgmental communication, provided referrals to appropriate community resources, and performed suicide risk assessments when necessary. Team in Training participant Company Name The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society Dates volunteered Nov 2001 – Apr 2002 Volunteer duration 6 mos Cause Health Trained for and completed a marathon, and raised over $5,000 in donations from 150 donors in support of my participation. Recruited eight others to participate, generating a total donation of over $20,000 for The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 33 endorsements for Data Science 33 Data Science Endorsed by saimadhu polamuri and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Kevin’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills Teaching See 33 endorsements for Teaching 33 Teaching Endorsed by 4 of Kevin’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 43 endorsements for Python 43 Python Endorsed by saimadhu polamuri and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Kevin’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (6) Harvey Summers, PMP, CISA, CISSP, CGEIT, CRISC Sr Staff Risk Advisor at GE Energy Connections December 15, 2015, Harvey was a client of Kevin’s I've taken two courses from Kevin: intermediate python and machine learning. The former was in-person and the later online, but live, through DataSchool.io. You can get a sense of how good Kevin is at both teaching and making the complex understandable in his YouTube videos. In 4 short weeks, Kevin prepared us to use Python and Scikit for Kaggle challenges. He was very responsive to questions from students all over the world and made sure the course was meeting our needs and expectations. I would rate his courses as some of the best I've ever taken both in content and in delivery. Dimitri Smith Electrical Engineer April 3, 2017, Dimitri was a client of Kevin’s Was fortunate enough to have Kevin as my instructor for a data analytics course at the General Assembly. Kevin is passionate and knowledgeable about the subject matter related to Python. It was a pleasure to learn from him, I would highly recommend taking a course he teaches. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Alex Sherman Passionate about Customer Analytics | Deloitte Consulting September 12, 2015, Kevin managed Alex directly Alex was my teaching assistant for an intensive, 11-week data science course covering the entire data science workflow in Python. He was highly effective in his role, namely supporting the students in their learning and supporting me in offering effective instruction. Besides helping out in the classroom, he worked with students one-on-one to ensure their mastery of the material. He was diligent about providing feedback to students on their work, and went out of his way to communicate difficult concepts in an accessible manner. Finally, he provided actionable feedback on my instructional techniques that helped me to improve the course. I would gladly work with Alex again! Patrick DePuydt Front-End Web Developer at Booz Allen Hamilton Open to New Opportunities January 9, 2015, Kevin reported directly to Patrick For as long as I've known Pat through General Assembly, he has worn many hats: acquiring new talent, managing courses, growing the DC campus, and helping students, instructors, and alumni to succeed. I respect and appreciate Pat because of his commitment to helping others reach their goals and have the most positive experience possible. He is a talented leader, has the ability to connect with anyone, and is clearly devoted to General Assembly. I recommend him enthusiastically! View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Kevin has 11 courses 11 Expand courses section Courses Capstone Project Computing for Data Analysis Data Scientist's Toolbox Developing Data Products Exploratory Data Analysis Getting and Cleaning Data Practical Machine Learning Regression Models Reproducible Research Statistical Inference Kevin has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Python Data Science Essentials Interests AmeriCorps 21,086 members DC Triathlon Club 90 followers Vanderbilt University 96,366 followers First Book 2,106 followers Good360 1,017 followers Data Wranglers DC 279 members See all See all following
More Actions Z M has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Z M Sayyed Data Science, Machine Learning, Python, Data Analysis and Visualization, Data Engineer, SQL OpenStack California State University-East Bay Hayward, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent “Believe in utilitarian use of data to unleash power for driving facts.” I have fun playing with Data! Creating data pipelines to extracts data from database using SQL, data extraction and cleansing using Python API's and packages. Exploring and Analyzing data to drive facts. Communicating story through appropriate Visualization and interpreting Statistical test results.Solving organization’s problems by implementing Machine Learning models on the top of enormous raw data collected through operational systemsKey skills: Python, SQL, Machine Learning, Statistics, Excel, Tableau, R , BI reporting and other tools.Strategy: breaking down problem into small manageable components, driving facts through data , leveraging innovative tools, developing algorithms, applying machine learning and working with smart team.I have worked for variate data domain Customer support, HealthCare, Manufacturing, Insurance , Software Product development.Aspiring to work as Data Scientist, Data Engineer , Data Analyst. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Z M’S Articles & Activity 1,071 followers U.S Census Quick Fact- Dashboard Z M Sayyed on LinkedIn See all articles Dawood’s photo Z M liked Three things that stop me applying for a role, irrespective of how much I think the role would suit me... 1) No salary advertised or, even worse, "competitive salary"! 2) Having to put aside 30 minutes or more to read the job spec! Keep it simple and only highlight critical requirements for the role. 3) Submitting my CV only to be asked to fill in a detailed online application form... so the "buzzword bingo" algorithm can screen me out before a human has to make a decision! Z M liked "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible" - Charles Kingsleigh, Alice in Wonderland (2010) Z M liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name OpenStack Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos -OpenStack cloud, Non-profit Open source software for creating private and public clouds.-Involve in automation of fault genes, which would help operators to identify fault category and guide them to watch out for failure and to mitigate them.Data Gathering, Cleaning and Analysis:-Python script to pull data from Launch pad, flat files and load into sqllite database.-Used NLTK to remove stop words and stemmized word tokens, regular expression to remove non-ascii and Unicode characters.-Analyzed data using matplotlib to explore trend and time-elapsed between faults using line chart, searched for most common fault keywords using word cloud, checked for projects with most reported faults and most active assignee who resolved issues.Implementing Machine Learning Model for Fault Classification: - It is unsupervised machine learning problem, Fault-category label are missing.- using LDA Topic modelling which creates sparse TF-IDF vectors from bag of words and group subsets of fault description with one another by analyzing underlying term vectors multinomial distribution.- genism offers efficient memory implementation LDA model for large corpus.Challenges in Atomizing Fault Classification Model:In progress:-watch out for faults and introducing new cluster if new fault is not closely relevant to existing clusters. Also assign class label to this new cluster with minimum or no human intervention. Research Assistant Company Name California State University, East Bay Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Hayward, California P.O.C:Creating quick and informative visualizations using Tableau to explore data.Using Statistical packages in R for visualizing Multivariate Data.Applying Matrix Algebra,Linear Equation for optimization and Statistical Approach on data. Using pandas, numpy, scipy ,matplotlib, scikit-learn,NLTK, seaborn to analyze data.Applying Machine Learning (unsupervised, supervised) on dataset (numeric and text) for classification and prediction.Created SQL queries to for data munging, used API in Python Web Scrapping and Cleaning.Tuning performance using Boosting and boot strapping.Processing Big Data (Hadoop) with customized mapper and reducer in pythonLeading team of 2-4 members.General Management:-Effective utilization of resources by reduced average lab completion time from 2.50 hours to 2 hours.-Courses taught: Systems Simulation (ENGR|5800), Engineering Economy (INDE|3140). Data Analyst Company Name WNS Global Services Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Responsibilities:•Managed complete project life cycle.•Understood the business question and translate that business questions into analytics.•Designed and Implemented dashboard using Tableau and other BI tools.•Created complex tabular, graphical and cross-tab business reports .•Modeled and Designed Data Base.•Established ETL packages using MS SSIS.•Efficiently created and manage users, groups and assign rights on system.---------------------------------------------------Achievements---------------------------------------------------------------Created PALS system to advocate ETL for unorganized heterogeneous data and delivered business reports. PALS system was the great accomplishment for WNS , promotes the business by acquisition of new client. -Achieved an immense performance improvement on BI server by customizing single dashboard as per login credentials for each multiple users. Also reduced project man hours, project completion time and cost to greater extend.-Optimized turn time from 2 days to 55-80min using ETL packages and scheduled refresh.-Reduced errors cause by manual fixes and heavy used of lookups from 100’s to zero.-Created dashboard in Tableau to monitor and analyze product sales by region, time and competitor’s; lead to improvement in sales revenue by 17%. Business Intelligence Analyst Company Name Thomas Cook Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Responsibilities:•Designed and Implemented Architecture ; created test and production server.•Design universe, DBs connections.•Defined KPI's for thomas cook business.•Developed Deski and Webi Reports.---------------------------------------------------Achievements--------------------------------------------------------------Analyzed business opportunity at various business center and explored customer interest, which helped marketing and sales team to design new offers and special discounts to tailored needs of different groups of customers. Business Intelligence Analyst Company Name iTree Consulting Pvt. Ltd. Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Responsibilities:•Provided configuration management expertise and architect BI systems.•Skilled in managing user and security constraints.•Experienced in Migration and Version Control.•Conducted technical corporate training for Business users.•Build and Release Engineer for a team that involved different development teams and multiple simultaneous report and dashboard releases.•Designing and implementing for fully automated and scheduled reports.•Deployed Java/J2EE applications to WebLogic for customizing BO server.•Involved in leading Automation Deployment Team by working with SAP Business Objects.•Managed multiple project dependencies by creating parent-child relations between activities.•Used scheduling tools as a continuous integration tool for automation of daily process.•Documented the entire build and release engineering process and provided on call support.---------------------------------------------------Achievements--------------------------------------------------------------- Established MIS for Lombard, transformed accounts, sales and operations data from excel into Oracle DBs and improved user experience using scheduled reports for each verticals.- Classified fraudulent and genuine claims; helped company to conserved cost on false claims.-Designed and implemented immense data base for patients, physicians, rooms and beds.-Configured and implemented BI system using Business Object XI 3.1 to automate business, achieve security and live performance. -Responsible for understanding the business question and derived KPI’s for analysis. See more positions Education California State University-East Bay Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Engineering/Industrial Management Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 Media (1) This position has 1 media projectmanagement-WNS projectmanagement-WNS This media is a document University of Mumbai Degree Name Bachelor's Engineering Field Of Study Information Technology Grade With Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Media (1) This position has 1 media Neural Network Neural Network This media is a document Maharashtra State Board of Technical Education Degree Name Diploma in Computer Engineering Grade With Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Volunteer Experience Career Counselor Company Name M.H.Saboo Sddik Polytechnic Dates volunteered May 2011 – Dec 2014 Volunteer duration 3 yrs 8 mos Cause Education Career Counselor, various programs, M.H.Saboo Siddik Polytechnic, Mumbai, India 05/2011 – 08/2014• Counseled students on which courses to take, career opportunities, and etc. Volunteer Company Name SHCS Events:Cal State East Bay Dates volunteered Oct 2015 – Jun 2016 Volunteer duration 9 mos Cause Health Health Awareness Education Program, Office support and Inventory Management Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 10 endorsements for Data Analysis 10 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 7 endorsements for Python 7 Python Endorsed by James Warren Basham, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 8 endorsements for SQL 8 SQL Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Z M has 10 certifications 10 Expand certifications section Certifications D3.js Essential Training for Data Scientists Tableau 10 Big Data University acknowledges the following student accomplishment Enterprise Machine Learning in a Nutshell Intermediate Python for Data Science Intro to Python for Data Science Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) - Coursera,Grade Achieved: 96.5% Using Python to Access Web Data-Coursera,Grade Achieved: 97.0% Python Data Structures-Coursera,Grade Achieved: 94.4% Importing Data in Python Z M has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects System Bug's Data Analysis Big Data Analytics Using Hadoop Analyzing Airline Data from 1987 Explore Association Rules in Research Activity and Tools Usage Automation of Business Process Management System Z M has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Thank You from the 2015-16 Board of Directors President Morishita's Etiquettes Dinner Professionalism & Etiquette Siemens Young Talent Award Z M has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Urdu Z M has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications ANOVA for Compost Reactor in Python Dashboard: US Census_Quick Facts 2015 Interests Hudson Data 269 followers Turner (Turner Broadcasting System, Inc) 135,859 followers Chordify Management Consultants LLC 359 followers Optomi 9,959 followers Manifest Solutions 3,934 followers Spectrum Staffing Services 9,072 followers See all See all following
More Actions Saikat has a account Saikat Mukherjee Distinguished Data Scientist at Intuit Intuit Stony Brook University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am passionate about using analytics and data for building products as well as extracting insights. Over the last few years, I have worked on applying machine learning and insights from data for building various types of products - financial transaction categorization, recommendation systems, online advertising, topic detection, commerce graphs.Of late, I have been working on using data to solve a fundamental compliance problem -- how to automate calculations in compliance (e.g. tax, payroll) forms. Specialties: Text analytics, data mining, machine learning, natural language processing, online advertising, knowledge representation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Distinguished Data Scientist Company Name Intuit Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Leading a team of engineers and data scientists to automate compliance calculations. Senior Data Scientist/Principal Engineer Company Name Intuit Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Principal Data Scientist Company Name ShareThis Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area Insights: Applied data science into deriving insights from the online social behavior of various audiences (e.g. moms, health enthusiasts, video watchers, etc.) of interest to brands. Collaborated closely with sales strategy to figure out the verticals and the relevant audiences in these verticals. Positioned ShareThis as a thought leader in understanding online social behavior and how that relates to brands.Mobile: Developed an unified user model from the desktop cookie-based online behavior and the mobile device id based behavior. Central to targeting audiences across platforms (desktop as well as mobile).External Presentations:"Social TV: Cross-Channel Insights on the ShareThis Platform" - Social Media Innovation Summit, 05/2014"What's in a Share? Connecting Moms and Iron Moms across Devices" - Social Data Innovation Summit, 11/2014 - Data Science Leadership Summit, 11/2013Interview with KDnuggets: http://www.kdnuggets.com/2014/08/interview-saikat-mukherjee-sharethis-marketers-social-tv.html Data Scientist Company Name Intuit Dates Employed May 2010 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Social network analysis: modeled Intuit’s small business and consumer eco-systems as financial networks and built innovative recommendation-based offerings using the data. Aspects of the work was published as a talk in Strata 2012 - http://cdn.oreillystatic.com/en/assets/1/event/85/Commercial%20Graph_%20A%20Map%20of%20Financial%20Relationships%20Presentation.pptxAlso explored the social connection between SMBs in Facebook (using the Facebook API) and built recommendation apps using that data.Text analytics: topic detection on unstructured voice of customer data. Built the core algorithms in a system for detecting topics from Turbo Tax in-product search data which significantly helped service to quickly identify emerging issues. Gave a talk on the work in Text Analytics World 2011 (part of Predictive Analytics World), New York.Clickstream analysis: behavioral clustering on Turbo Tax Online clickstream for improving conversion. Identified surprising clusters of users who abandon more than the population.Financial transaction categorization: worked on merchant reconciliation from multiple data sources and vendor identification from financial transaction strings.Won the Intuit Tech Challenge 2012 for 'best use of Intuit data' - built a collaborative filtering based mobile app for recommendations using Mint transactional data. Gave a talk on the work in Predictive Analytics World 2012 (Boston). Research Scientist/Project Manager Company Name Siemens Corporate Research Dates Employed Apr 2005 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Responsible for developing the text analytics and semantics work with Siemens business units, such as Energy, Healthcare and central corporate units, and over the course of five years played a key role in numerous project acquisitions in this space worth more than $ 2.5M.Supervised 3 full time employees, more than 10 interns and consultants, and played a key role in hiring new researchers and engineers in the data mining area.Projects in the Energy sector include developing a system for mining, searching, and monitoring issues in unstructured text service reports using statistical NLP and machine learning technologies, a data cleansing system for reconciling heterogeneous databases using a combination of rules and machine learning technologies, parts forecasting from events and sales/leads data, and advanced knowledge representation for modeling rules and concepts in a Siemens turbine monitoring and diagnostic platform. Projects in the Healthcare sector include semantic annotation and search of clinical images using ontologies, mining temporal event sequences from laboratory diagnostic instruments to discover error patterns, and clustering free text service reports to discover issues in medical imaging instruments and correlate the issues to error patterns.Cross sector projects include developing a system for categorizing indirect spend financial transactions to commodity coding schemes (successfully used by global Siemens supply chain unit as well as Deutsche Telekom), a large scale text analytics platform for monitoring news, blogs, searches on Siemens sites, and call center tickets to discover and track events of interest to Siemens businesses (developed for Siemens corporate communication unit), and working with Siemens IT solutions and services to develop the core analytics components of a business intelligence platform. See more positions Education Stony Brook University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2005 My PhD thesis was on scalable and automated semantic annotation of template generated Web content, including HTML pages such as news and vendor sites as well as free text sequential product descriptions, using a combination of machine learning and light weight ontologies. The techniques were used to develop systems for assistive browsing, small form factor devices browsing, and automating transactions on complex Web sites. Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur Degree Name B.Tech Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 53 endorsements for Data Mining 53 Data Mining Endorsed by Samit Paul and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 28 of Saikat’s colleagues at Intuit Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 52 endorsements for Machine Learning 52 Machine Learning Endorsed by Claus Bahlmann and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 23 of Saikat’s colleagues at Intuit Click and drag to reorder skills Hadoop See 39 endorsements for Hadoop 39 Hadoop Endorsed by Samit Paul and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 22 of Saikat’s colleagues at Intuit Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (6) Andy Stevens SVP Research & Insights at Clear Channel Outdoor December 19, 2014, Andy worked with Saikat in different groups Saikat and I worked closely on a number of projects, including a major initiative to develop a platform to create in-depth social insights on user groups. He led the platform development and was a great to work with throughout the process. He combines technical expertise with an outstanding ability to translate customer requirements into system specs and he will always go the extra mile to solve complex problems and make sure everybody’s needs are met. With the tool he developed, my team was able to build a body of research on sharing and were able to scale the process of getting deep insights from a very large data set, which was immensely valuable to the company. George Roumeliotis Data Science Manager at Airbnb August 3, 2013, George managed Saikat directly Saikat stands out from the crowd with his ability to tackle the most challenging Data Science projects with enormous technical competence, creativity, and energy. If Saikat is given a problem, you know that it will be solved well. In addition, Saikat has the rare ability to make others around him better. He is valued and sought-after as a Data Science mentor and teacher. I would welcome the opportunity to work with Saikat again. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Hanyu Zhou Ads Solutions Consultant at Google March 9, 2016, Saikat was Hanyu’s mentor Hanyu worked with me as a data scientist, while at Intuit, for 6 months from 05/2015 to 10/2015. I directly mentored her in a very innovative project where we used Quickbooks small business data to build models of “similar” companies i.e. other small businesses which are similar to a specific small business. The work was challenging in terms of feature engineering and handling noisy/missing values as well as scaling to more than a million Quickbooks companies.Hanyu excelled at both the data modeling and engineering aspects. Even though she was new to the Quickbooks data, she quickly ramped up her understanding and dug into various features of the data. She then tried out different similarity models, implemented them in python, and demonstrated great engineering hygiene by checking in her code regularly as well as maintaining good documentation. Her work drove tremendous interest within the business unit around developing “peer-based” insights and will result in an experiment to go live in the product within the next couple weeks. We could not have asked for a better data scientist!I would strongly vouch for her data science skills, python programming skills, and her eagerness and motivation to learn new skills and solve challenging problems. Please feel free to contact me if you have further questions about her work in Intuit. Andy Stevens SVP Research & Insights at Clear Channel Outdoor January 30, 2015, Saikat worked with Andy in different groups I worked with Andy and his team on formulating research insights from social behavioral data. These insights were significant for ShareThis in creating new as well as expanding existing online advertising opportunities/campaigns with brands and agencies and in general to position the company as a thought leader in social data. Andy is a data scientist’s dream colleague — he understands the trees without losing sight of the forest. He has a great sense of the advertising industry in general and particularly when it comes to how data is viewed/used at agencies and brands. He brought all that experience in formulating innovative metrics from our social data and combined that with a terrific story-telling ability to create very impactful research reports — simple, concise, quantitative and with a narrative. A true data-driven marketeer and a great person to work with! View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Saikat has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent System and Method for Integration of Medical Information Saikat has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Online Movie Chat Translates to Ticket Buying in Big Way Interests "Big Data" Scientist 12,289 members Technology 20,768,647 followers Python Data Science and Machine Learning 32,412 members Intuit Fast Path Alumni 163 members Intuit Employees and Alumni 8,972 members Social Media 16,342,957 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Markham Data Scientist, Educator, Entrepreneur Data School Vanderbilt University Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a data science educator and the founder of Data School. I specialize in Python and machine learning. I have hundreds of hours of experience as a data science classroom instructor, and thousands of hours of experience developing high-quality data science educational materials. I am am currently teaching my own series of live, online data science courses. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Founder Company Name Data School Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Data School consists of a blog (50,000+ monthly views), a YouTube channel (1.5+ million minutes watched), and a unique series of live, online data science courses that I teach.More info: http://www.dataschool.io Co-Founder Company Name Causetown Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Causetown is a patent-pending online platform that enables small businesses to easily launch charitable promotions any or every day of the year so they can drive sales while doing good for their community. Conversely, schools and nonprofit organizations can raise money simply by encouraging their supporters to shop and dine with local businesses.My primary responsibilities: Operations, web application project management, application testing, release management, customer service, user training, analytics, reporting, blogging. Secondary responsibilities: user interface design, business development, fundraising, sales. Data Science Instructor Fellow Company Name General Assembly Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Recruit, interview, and mentor new data science classroom instructors. Lead Data Science Instructor Company Name General Assembly Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Lead instructor for five sessions of General Assembly's 11-week classroom-based Data Science course. Over 350 hours of experience teaching the entire data science pipeline in Python, with a strong focus on machine learning. Responsibilities include curriculum development, classroom management, and project review.Course info: https://generalassemb.ly/education/data-science/washington-dc Community Teaching Assistant Company Name Coursera Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Volunteer online teaching assistant for courses within the Johns Hopkins University Data Science Specialization (by invitation):- Data Scientist's Toolbox (17 sessions)- Capstone Project (inaugural session)Specialization info: https://www.coursera.org/specialization/jhudatascience/1 See more positions Education Vanderbilt University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Activities and Societies: Student Government Association Senate (elected 3 years), Alternative Spring Break (board member), Community Vanderbilt (board member) Graduated summa cum laude (GPA 3.97), received Computer Engineering Program Award (top computer engineer in the class), received Dean's Award for Outstanding Scholarship, received Chancellor's Scholarship. General Assembly DC Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 Completed an intensive 11-week course covering the entire data science pipeline in both R and Python: data gathering, munging, exploration, visualization, and predictive modeling. Returned as an "Expert in Residence" for the following session, and returned as an instructor for the five sessions after that. Media (1) This position has 1 media Final project presentation video: "Allstate Purchase Prediction Challenge" on Kaggle Final project presentation video: "Allstate Purchase Prediction Challenge" on Kaggle This media is a video Johns Hopkins University (online via Coursera) Degree Name Specialization Certificate Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 Completed the Data Science Specialization, a series of ten month-long courses taught by professors in Biostatistics from Johns Hopkins University.Completed all courses "with distinction": Data Scientist's Toolbox, Computing for Data Analysis, Getting and Cleaning Data, Exploratory Data Analysis, Reproducible Research, Statistical Inference, Regression Models, Practical Machine Learning, Developing Data Products, Capstone Project.Verified certificate: https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/specialization/7RcZCInkEe See more education Volunteer Experience Hotline Listener Company Name CrisisLink Dates volunteered Feb 2007 – Mar 2008 Volunteer duration 1 yr 2 mos Cause Social Services Completed 50 hours of hotline training and staffed the hotline for 150 hours. Answered hundreds of calls from those in crisis or contemplating suicide. Responded with empathic and non-judgmental communication, provided referrals to appropriate community resources, and performed suicide risk assessments when necessary. Team in Training participant Company Name The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society Dates volunteered Nov 2001 – Apr 2002 Volunteer duration 6 mos Cause Health Trained for and completed a marathon, and raised over $5,000 in donations from 150 donors in support of my participation. Recruited eight others to participate, generating a total donation of over $20,000 for The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 33 endorsements for Data Science 33 Data Science Endorsed by saimadhu polamuri and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Kevin’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills Teaching See 33 endorsements for Teaching 33 Teaching Endorsed by 4 of Kevin’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 43 endorsements for Python 43 Python Endorsed by saimadhu polamuri and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Kevin’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (6) Harvey Summers, PMP, CISA, CISSP, CGEIT, CRISC Sr Staff Risk Advisor at GE Energy Connections December 15, 2015, Harvey was a client of Kevin’s I've taken two courses from Kevin: intermediate python and machine learning. The former was in-person and the later online, but live, through DataSchool.io. You can get a sense of how good Kevin is at both teaching and making the complex understandable in his YouTube videos. In 4 short weeks, Kevin prepared us to use Python and Scikit for Kaggle challenges. He was very responsive to questions from students all over the world and made sure the course was meeting our needs and expectations. I would rate his courses as some of the best I've ever taken both in content and in delivery. Dimitri Smith Electrical Engineer April 3, 2017, Dimitri was a client of Kevin’s Was fortunate enough to have Kevin as my instructor for a data analytics course at the General Assembly. Kevin is passionate and knowledgeable about the subject matter related to Python. It was a pleasure to learn from him, I would highly recommend taking a course he teaches. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Alex Sherman Passionate about Customer Analytics | Deloitte Consulting September 12, 2015, Kevin managed Alex directly Alex was my teaching assistant for an intensive, 11-week data science course covering the entire data science workflow in Python. He was highly effective in his role, namely supporting the students in their learning and supporting me in offering effective instruction. Besides helping out in the classroom, he worked with students one-on-one to ensure their mastery of the material. He was diligent about providing feedback to students on their work, and went out of his way to communicate difficult concepts in an accessible manner. Finally, he provided actionable feedback on my instructional techniques that helped me to improve the course. I would gladly work with Alex again! Patrick DePuydt Front-End Web Developer at Booz Allen Hamilton Open to New Opportunities January 9, 2015, Kevin reported directly to Patrick For as long as I've known Pat through General Assembly, he has worn many hats: acquiring new talent, managing courses, growing the DC campus, and helping students, instructors, and alumni to succeed. I respect and appreciate Pat because of his commitment to helping others reach their goals and have the most positive experience possible. He is a talented leader, has the ability to connect with anyone, and is clearly devoted to General Assembly. I recommend him enthusiastically! View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Kevin has 11 courses 11 Expand courses section Courses Capstone Project Computing for Data Analysis Data Scientist's Toolbox Developing Data Products Exploratory Data Analysis Getting and Cleaning Data Practical Machine Learning Regression Models Reproducible Research Statistical Inference Kevin has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Python Data Science Essentials Interests Vanderbilt Alumni Group 20,765 members AmeriCorps 21,086 members Data School 64 followers General Assembly 59,712 followers Data Community DC 390 members AmeriCorps Alums 23,161 members See all See all following
More Actions Pascal has a account Pascal Steger Data Scientist at Pingar Pingar Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich Auckland, New Zealand 163 163 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My background is in data analysis and statistical modeling of big cosmological simulation data, which I used during my doctorate time. Thereafter, I expanded the data science tool-set to transform the insights into actionable guidelines, and to interact with a user base via web technologies.My goal is to help finding and profiting from new insights on hidden connections.I am a good listener, and love to get hands-on with both conceptual and implementation-related tasks. I apply a high quality standard to my work, preferring a working solution in time over a perfect solution too late. I am able to lead positively from the first and the second row. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Pingar Web Developer Company Name Baldinger Optik Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Zürich Area, Switzerland I was responsible for responsive web development, droduct development, online marketing campaigns, data management and business intelligence. Technologies used: JavaScript, several frameworks, MVC, json, shopware. I was leading a small team. PhD Student, Computational Astrophysics Company Name ETH, Zurich Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Substitute Lecturer, Lead Teaching Assistant, Development of HPC Simulation Software, Statistical Analysis of Dark Matter Distribution, PhD Students Representative Education Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Computational Astrophysics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2015 Graduated with Honors in Physics (MSc, Astronomy) Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Akademischer Mittelbau Physikdepartement (PhD representative, Event organizer) Raemibuehl Degree Name Matura (Latin/Greek) Field Of Study Latin/Greek, Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Profile Greek/Latin. Award for Best Student of the Year. Volunteer Experience Quaestor Company Name Schuelerorchester LG Raemibuehl Dates volunteered Jul 2007 – Feb 2012 Volunteer duration 4 yrs 8 mos Cause Education Quaestor Featured Skills & Endorsements Big Data See 3 endorsements for Big Data 3 Big Data Simona Galdikaite, MMG, B.B.A and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Astronomy See 3 endorsements for Astronomy 3 Astronomy Peter C. Strassmann and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Radio Astronomy Radio Astronomy No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Endre Olsvik Elvestad Founder SignLab Ai May 4, 2015, Endre Olsvik and Pascal were students together It’s rare that you come across standout talent like Pascal. I’ve had the pleasure of getting to know Pascal during my studies at ETH, where we worked closely on developing a bid data application. Pascal demonstrated true brilliance in combining his knowledge of mathematics and programming to a working Big Data application. During development, he was a true team player and showed great patience explaining advanced statistical methods to the rest of the team. Pascal would be a true asset for any positions requiring a deep understanding of mathematics, programming and leadership. I hope to work with Pascal again and give him my heartfelt recommendation. Sunny(Yin) Long a hardworking data science professional with a solid background of Computer Science and Software Development. March 10, 2017, Pascal managed Sunny(Yin) directly I had the pleasure of working with Yin Long during his internship at Pingar. Seldom have I come across a more purposeful and resourceful young man. A new semantic dictionary using topic models? Up to speed in three weeks and filling up the database. New metric to be researched and applied? Two weeks and numbers on everything. He did not fail to surprise us all with his singing, either -- a treat for any social gathering. It pays to hear him out, and give his suggestions a closer look. Endre Olsvik Elvestad Founder SignLab Ai April 18, 2015, Pascal and Endre Olsvik were students together Endre Elvestad showed perseverance in seeing a big data project through from project planning phase to a working implementation. He readily shared a broad knowledge on handling datasets. He further spent considerable effort to master a new programming paradigm. We managed to define and work on two subsets of the main problem without friction, which made for a great team work experience. It has been a joy to work on this project with Endre, and I would look forward to joining forces with him again in the future. Accomplishments Pascal has 6 languages 6 Expand languages section Languages English French German Italian Russian Spanish Pascal has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Agent-Based Modelling Autonomous Mobile Robotics Big Data Pascal has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications The Data Scientist's Toolbox Mining Massive Datasets Pascal has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Award for Best Contribution Interests Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment 17,826 followers Data Science Community 15,310 members New Zealand Business and Professional Network 68,904 members Computational Astronomy & Astrophysics 13,199 members Pingar 411 followers Natural Language Processing People 29,160 members See all See all following
More Actions Max has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Max Wang Sr. Data Scientist at QuaEra Insights QuaEra Insights Stanford University Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent An innovative analytics leader who possesses in-depth knowledge and hands-on experience in cutting-edge analytics. A collaborative partner who develops high-impact solutions to help management make faster and better decisions. A big-picture thinker who challenges the status-quo, takes initiatives, and delivers results. Specialties: marketing analytics ● customer profiling ● segmentation ● acquisition ● retention ● cross & up-sell ● data collection ● basket analysis ● product affinity ● lead generation ● event–based marketing ● life-time value ● credit risk management ● scorecard development & management ● digital analytics ● P&L analysis ● dashboard reporting ● financial forecasting ● KPI development ● ROI management. Technical Skills: SAS ▪ SQL ▪ MATLAB ▪ R ▪ S-Plus ▪ SPSS ▪ CART ▪ CHAID ▪ Weka ▪ Knowledge Seeker ▪ Oracle ▪ UNIX ▪ Sun ▪ DB2 ▪ EXCEL ▪ Tableau ▪ Microstrategy ▪ Google Analytics ▪ Linear Models ▪ Generalized Linear Models ▪ Two-Stage Models ▪ Ensemble Models ▪ Mixture Models ▪ Mixed Models ▪ Time-Series ▪ Survival Analysis ▪ Neural Network ▪ Bayesian ▪ MCMC ▪ Random Forest ▪ SVM ▪ Boosting ▪ DOE ▪ Conjoint Study ▪ Linear & Nonlinear Optimization • • • • • • • • • • • • • • Creative Problem Solver • Strategic Thinker with Know-How • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • Actionable Analytical Insights • Adept at Developing Analytical Talent • • • • • • • • • • •  See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Data Scientist Company Name QuaEra Insights Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area QuaEra Insights’ objective is to help companies optimize their business decisions using scientific methods and quantitative analysis. Data Scientist & VP Analytics Company Name Nutrisystem Dates Employed May 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Philadelphia Area - Created and advanced analytical capabilities.- Managed a team that was responsible for web analytics and offline/online advanced analytics.- Explored and evaluated internal and external data (SiteCatalyst, Google Analytics, Epsilon, Experian, Acxiom, Neustar, TowerData, etc.) - Provided customer and market insights that fueled product development and generated revenues. - Conducted reporting and advanced analytics for by channel and across channels (Digital, TV, Direct Mail, Email, Radio, Print). Marketing Analytics Executive Company Name Swift Capital Dates Employed Apr 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area Responsible for Marketing analytics that improved new account acquisition, risk management, reporting and other value added activities.- Explored and evaluated data for lead generation. - Developed predictive models and selected targets for weekly direct mail. - Mined transactional data and behavioral data for market insight that increased response, mitigated risk and increased retention. - Developed dashboards, ran ad hoc reports, and automated standard reports. Director of Marketing Analytics Company Name Lincoln Financial Group Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area - Created Analytics roadmap- Built competitive analytcs capability- Provided strategic support for Marketing activities Sr. Manager, Advanced Analytics Company Name Alliance Data Dates Employed Dec 2005 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Columbus, Ohio Area - Managed a team of statisticians, consultants- Conceptualized and implemented integrated marketing programs- Responsible for setting analytical strategy and roadmap See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name Master's Field Of Study Statistics Iowa State University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 53 endorsements for Analytics 53 Analytics Endorsed by Dong Li, MBA, Ph.D. and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Max’s colleagues at Nutrisystem, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Segmentation See 42 endorsements for Segmentation 42 Segmentation Endorsed by 3 of Max’s colleagues at Nutrisystem, Inc. Endorsed by 10 people who know Segmentation Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Modeling See 41 endorsements for Predictive Modeling 41 Predictive Modeling Endorsed by Yun Liu, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Max’s colleagues at Nutrisystem, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (15) Given (6) Chuck Kim Product Management / Marketing / Business Strategist March 25, 2014, Chuck managed Max directly I had the pleasure of managing Max at Swift Capital. It goes without saying that Max is a powerhouse analytics professional who possesses exceptional talent and experience in advanced analytics. But what really makes Max a rare breed is his strategic thinking. Max is able to identify key strategic levers for the overall business, beyond just the analytical solutions. His ability to think like a top business strategist, combined with his expertise in analytics makes Max one of those great talents that drives game changing insights and results. Max’s passion and dedication to delivering business success is an inspiration to the team. It has truly been a pleasure working with Max and I hope to find opportunities to work together in the future. Mihir Korke Chief marketing & growth officer March 21, 2014, Max worked with Mihir in the same group Max is one of the top analytic professionals I have come across in my career. There are very few financial services executives who can combine strategic thinking with hands on data analysis, Max is one of them. Max had been instrumental in driving marketing analytics at Swift and is one of the best SAS modelers out there. Given a chance, I will work with him again. View 13 more recommendations View 13 more recommendations recommendations Mihir Korke Chief marketing & growth officer July 28, 2015, Mihir worked with Max in the same group Mihir as an Executive played a critical role at Swift Capital Marketing department. He demonstrated deep business knowledge and strong leadership skill in many functional areas including lead generation, conversion, risk management, creative design, marketing program development and execution, and ROI management. I was impressed with his quick learning ability. Within weeks of his coming onboard, Mihir was able to not only assume all the responsibilities required of him, but also act as a business development thought leader. Mihir has excellent interpersonal and communication skills. He worked effectively with everyone and got along well with his colleagues. I believe that his broad knowledge, leadership experience, and exceptional interpersonal skill will enable him to make great contribution to his teams and organizations. Chuck Kim Product Management / Marketing / Business Strategist March 28, 2014, Max reported directly to Chuck Chuck is one of the most intelligent professionals I have worked for, or with, in my career. During the 3 months I worked for Chuck, I witnessed his decisive style. While the team had to deal wih huge amount of ambiguities on daily basis, Chuck often consulted with the team, gathered key information, and made quick, efficient and effective decisions. Chuck is a motivational team leader. He encouraged innovation and test/learn knowledge generation approaches. While he takes direct, no-nonsense approaches to solving business problems, Chuck is personable and approachable. I would recommend Chuck for any role that utilizes his leadership in Marketing, Analytics, and Financial Product Development. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Max has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Chinese Interests Stanford University 373,209 followers HSBC 1,010,215 followers Iowa State University 165,387 followers Retention , CRM, Customer Insights & Loyalty Marketing professionals 22,747 members Klein Hersh International 3,464 followers Global Analytics Network 32,894 members See all See all following
More Actions Owen has a account Owen Zhang Research Data Scientist Hedge Fund University of Science and Technology of China West Palm Beach, Florida Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Building something new and exciting See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Research Associate Company Name Hedge Fund Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location West Palm Beach, Florida Area Research in cutting-edge investment and trading strategy. Product Advisor Company Name DataRobot Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location West Palm Beach, Florida Area Advise on strategic product initiatives. Chief Data Scientist Company Name MeForo (USA), Inc Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Helped building a data science team in US + Europe. Chief Product Officer Company Name DataRobot Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater Boston Area * Develop both long and short-term product strategies and roadmaps* Lead professional services function to achieve the first $1M of revenue* Present product roadmap and lead future vision discussion with strategicallyimportant partners and customers* Drive the company’s pivot to Hadoop based infrastructure* As a well-known data scientist, serve as the face of company to recruit and developdata science talents* Provide crucial input to engineering teams on technical developments* Speak at various conferences to inspire and educate upcoming data scienceenthusiasts* Build, grow, and mentor the product team Vice President, Science Company Name AIG Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location New York, NY * Served as the technical Lead for multiple strategic projects including WC end-to-endprice optimization and claims innovation lab* Advised senior management on trends and new developments in advanced analytics* Participated in meetings with c-level executives to present the latest data scienceinitiatives See more positions Education University of Science and Technology of China Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) Field Of Study Automation University of Toronto Degree Name Master of Applied Science Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Finding Data Leak See 27 endorsements for Finding Data Leak 27 Finding Data Leak Gilberto Titericz and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Modeling See 159 endorsements for Predictive Modeling 99+ Predictive Modeling Endorsed by Sudalai Rajkumar and 19 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 18 of Owen’s colleagues at DataRobot Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 152 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 39 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Owen’s colleagues at DataRobot Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Yehuda Hofri Chief Product & Technology Officer February 2, 2017, Owen worked with Yehuda but at different companies Yehuda is a visionary leader in big data solutions for multinational enterprises. His extensive knowledge in the field and pragmatic approach to problem solving make Yehuda a real goal-getter in complex operating environments. I am really glad that I had the opportunity to work with Yehuda -- he was the perfect partner to work with toward ambitious goals. H. Melih Elibol Microsoft April 20, 2016, Owen was senior to H. Melih but didn’t manage directly I worked with Melih on several projects at DataRobot and was very impressed by his expertise and strong work ethic. Melih was able to jump into a complex and challenging problem, quickly get up to speed, and come up with creative solutions. In addition to his technical skills, Melih possesses excellent communication skills and did a great job as a project lead. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Owen has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Chinese Owen has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Kaggle Competitions KDD Cup 2010 Interests IBM 3,427,524 followers University of Science and Technology of China 36,793 followers Two Sigma 28,028 followers Ray DalioRay Dalio is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & Chief Investment Officer at Bridgewater Associates, L.P. 267,298 followers Kaggle 30,757 followers SAS 376,789 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Liu, Ph.D. Chief Data Scientist, Analytics Services at IBM IBM Stanford University Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent As one of the world's top experts for big data analytics and machine learning as applied to study people and societies, Dr. Liu aims to revolutionize research methods with big data and AI.A thought leader on research methods, data science and machine learning.A big-data scientist with a lot of experience in turning big data to actionable insights. Inventor and developer of the RM4Es framework for research methods and data science.~ RM4Es - Equation, Estimation, Evaluation, Explanation/Execution. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Alex’s Activity 1,129 followers Representing QuickStart at the Interop ITX 2017 at Las Vegas. Find us at Booth 547 Conference Center at MGM Grand , Las Vegas. Mamunur Rashid Website: www.quickstart.com Alex liked 像JVM、Storage、Hardware Architect、FPGA、GPU Architect、Kernel OS、Docker、Machine Learning、RDMA 这样的机会工作在杭州或北京，也可以在San Mateo。我们需要的是有技术影响力的领军人物。详细信息，期待你加入我的微信leoli_cp沟通...... Alex liked IBM Ranked #1 in Worldwide Storage Software Market Alex liked My book Apache Spark Machine Learning got translated into Chinese and published in China: Alex shared this Face to Face RMDS Meetup in Los Angeles on April 26 Alex shared this Interviewed by the v.ifeng TV station about big data analytics in Chinese language Alex shared this See all activity Experience Chief Data Scientist, Analytics Services Company Name IBM Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Serve as a leading expert of data analytics, and lead data science projects serving big corporations. Develop innovative analytical solutions, and provide training to junior data scientists. Served internal needs as a data analytics expert.Speak at data science and analytics conferences including Insights, Strata, SMAC, and BigDataCamp..Received the IBM Solution Excellence Award 2016, 2015, and the IBM Be Essential Hero award in 2016, 2015, 2014. Media (4) This position has 4 media Previous Next FinTechTalk2016 FinTechTalk2016 This media is an image Blogs | IBM Big Data & Analytics Hub Blogs | IBM Big Data & Analytics Hub This media is a link TV Interview - Data is Company Development's Necessary Resource 数据是公司发展必备资源 TV Interview - Data is Company Development's Necessary Resource 数据是公司发展必备资源 This media is a link TV Interview - Data is Company Development's Necessary Resource 数据是公司发展必备资源 TV Interview - Data is Company Development's Necessary Resource 数据是公司发展必备资源 This media is a link Chief Data Scientist Company Name Retention Science Dates Employed May 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Provided thought leadership on data analytics, and advised junior data scientists. Developed predictive modeling processes for the company to serve eCommerce companies. Built predictive models for customer retention, and customer acquisition. Retention Science was named as a 2013 Top 100 Big Data Company for Business Analytics by CRN, "Innovation Agent" by Fast Company, and "Top 10 Software Company in Southern California" by SocalTech. Media (1) This position has 1 media Why SAP selected this LA company for its exclusive Startup Focus program Why SAP selected this LA company for its exclusive Startup Focus program This media is a link Chief Data Scientist Company Name TRG iSKY Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Prototyped a system of gaining a holistic view of customers by using big data.Developed algorithms and analytical systems to predict customer defection and to recommend retention actions for big corporation clients in auto industry.Managed projects of customer satisfaction and loyalty survey data analysis. Hired researchers, mentored analysts and managed research teams. Media (1) This position has 1 media gartner-crm-vendor-choice-clearview gartner-crm-vendor-choice-clearview This media is an image Principal Data Scientist Company Name YapStone, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Hired by the board chairman to improve this company's underwriting and risk management, by working together with the company executive management. Developed risk scores and R algorithms; and designed decision systems for fraud prevention and risk mitigation. Machine Learning Expert Company Name ZestFinance Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Los Angeles Area Developed big data solutions for credit scoring.Cleaned, merged & organized data sets from various sources. Used latent measurement models and logistic regression in combination with decision trees to develop predictive models of loan default, and then risk scores. Developed computing algorithms in R, then worked together with engineers in incorporating R codes into Ruby based web systems.Developed this company's second generation risk modeling system that dramatically reduced its default rate. Media (1) This position has 1 media BigDataML_Underwriting BigDataML_Underwriting This media is an image See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name M.S. and Ph.D. Field Of Study Statistical Computing and Sociology Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1994 Peking University Degree Name Master of Arts (MA) Field Of Study Sociology Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1986 Northwestern Polytechnical University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1982 Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 34 endorsements for Statistics 34 Statistics Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Alex’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Modeling See 29 endorsements for Predictive Modeling 29 Predictive Modeling Endorsed by Vincent Granville, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alex’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 29 endorsements for Data Analysis 29 Data Analysis Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Alex’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (2) Laurie Addison-Lavelle, EdD,PhD Global Marketing Leadership, Organizational Leadership & Development - Leading with Awareness, Authenticity, and Purpose August 2, 2009, Laurie was a client of Alex’s Outstanding! I worked with Alex on a very large, globally complex ERP project. Alex was hired to consult with me on the data portion of the project and he did an outstanding job. Alex reached out proactively and with the right amount of persistence to gather critical information on the company's data practices to create a future, go-forward recommendation for the initiative. Alex was extremely helpful to me (I personally learned a lot!) and he was absolutly terrific with a very diverse group of associates around the world. Hands down, I would hire Alex and would enjoy working with him again. Thami Rachidi, Ph.D. Vice President - Data Scientist April 10, 2009, Thami worked with Alex in different groups Alex was a pleasure to work with. He was tasked with difficult projects which he was able to successfully complete both gracefully and dutifully. Alex is a wealth of knowledge and ideas, and he would be an invaluable asset to any organization. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Patrick J. Perner Chief Executive Officer (Chicago) - patrickperner@yahoo.com August 23, 2012, Alex reported directly to Patrick J. Working with Mr. Perner was a joyful experience, and also a big success as we together helped Kazakhstan to enter the Global Entrepreneurship Monitoring community and to complete a national sampling survey of international standard. Patrick has a loving heart and warm personality, and he is capable of making quick decisions to lead his teams to big success. Thami Rachidi, Ph.D. Vice President - Data Scientist April 7, 2009, Alex worked with Thami in different groups Thami is a knowledgable analyst to work with. He is very innovative, and also practical. With deep understanding of both IT and BI, Thami is a valuable asset to any organization pursing modern BI for real business results. Accomplishments Alex has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications Apache Spark Machine Learning Blueprints Structural Equation Modeling and Latent Variable Approaches Building Structural Equation Models in Social Science Building Regression Models in Social Science The Effect of Copayments and Income on the Utilization of Medical Care by Subscribers to Japan's National Health Insurance System Patterns and Results of the Third Democratization Wave Alex has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests Stanford University 435,572 followers Chief Data Officer & Scientist Group 924 members SAS 376,789 followers Sramana MitraSramana Mitra is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at One Million by One Million (1M/1M) 303,857 followers The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,575 members IBM Big Data and Analytics 39,668 members See all See all following
More Actions Lan has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Lan Li Data Scientist at Facebook Facebook North Carolina State University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Expert Operations Research and Statistics knowledge (including predictive methods, statistical analysis, optimization, machine learning etc.) and strong practical modeling skills.• On-hand big data analytics experience in retail/software industry.• Excellent programming skills including SQL, R, Python, SAS and so on.• Great communication and Inter-personal skills. • SAS global base/advanced programming certification See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Menlo Park Senior Data Scientist Company Name Gap Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Demand Forecast (2013 – 2015):- Designed, implemented and owned the solution of demand forecast and inventory optimization improving company’s profitability of investment in allocation. - Worked with IT team translating the prototype to enterprise class solutions. Implemented the core algorithms on Hadoop clusters.- Worked with Business teams understanding the requirements. Developed, maintained and delivered the solutions based on business needs.- Guided and worked with test team designing, building and executing test scenarios on clusters.- Research on the innovative methodologies that can be used to solve complex problems in retail industry. Synchronize with latest technology trends. Provide technical guidance to science team members.- Received Exceed award of year 2014 from company for outstanding accomplishment.Price Optimization (2015 – 2016):- Own and manage the solution of localized promotion optimization.- Lead data science team and collaborate with business, engineering and product teams to transit the solution to a cloud-based Gurobi version.- Provide insight and recommendation to business partners for any business needs.- Communicate and present regularly to executive level leaders.- Develop leadership and mentor other members of the team. Analytics software tester Company Name SAS Institute, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos - Designed, implemented and maintained testing cases for interfaces and features of SAS revenue optimization solutions- Worked with business teams understanding retail business requirements and designed architect/algorithms; researched relevant literature and developed verifiers assuring the accuracy of optimization algorithms.- Investigated historical sales data. Researched seasonal/core data patterns using time series to develop models to extract seasonality, life cycles and price elasticity; validated demand forecast results.- Developed and maintained regression test scripts; set up performance/code quality check tools.- Interacted with development, technical support and consulting teams investigating customer issues; analyzed client data and provided expertise.- Developed tools automating tests; executed programs and analyzed problems across multiple computing platforms.- Trained new employees and student interns for analytical and technical skills. Technical Student - Operations Research Company Name SAS Institute, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo -Supported algorithm/software testing, analysis and research for SAS markdown optimization solution; used OR knowledge and techniques to conduct numerical analysis and evaluate algorithms; presented and led discussion of the findings in group meetings.-Tested supply chain management software suite including inventory optimization and external service level optimization; achieved improving accuracy and integrity of the models and algorithms.-Researched and Developed homegrown solutions of pack recommendation to simulate customers’ strategies; improved the algorithm of pack optimization solution.-Participated in support and training activities with other OR peers; collaborated with people of various technical and business backgrounds from different groups. Research Assistant Company Name NC State University Dates Employed Aug 2005 – May 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos -Designed and studied a new game model named two-person investment game for vendors’ investment consideration.-Derived existing conditions of pure Nash equilibrium using potential analysis methods.-Designed and implemented a dynamic programming based algorithm for special cases and a genetic algorithm for general cases to find a pure Nash Equilibrium. Numerical experiments are conducted to show algorithm’s robustness. Complexity analysis was also investigated.-Conducted price of anarchy analysis and explored the realistic business meanings. Education North Carolina State University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Industrial & Systems Engineering, Operations Research Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Activities and Societies: IIE, INFORMS Nankai University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Volunteer Experience President Company Name Sunny Performing Arts Group Dates volunteered May 2012 – Aug 2013 Volunteer duration 1 yr 4 mos Cause Arts and Culture Vice President, 2010 - 2012Board member, 2008 - 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements SAS See 81 endorsements for SAS 81 SAS Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Lan’s colleagues at Gap Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Operations Research See 51 endorsements for Operations Research 51 Operations Research Endorsed by Kun Huang and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lan’s colleagues at Gap Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 55 endorsements for Data Analysis 55 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kun Huang and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lan’s colleagues at Gap Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Jonathan Whittington Senior Manager, Quantitative Analysis at Capital One February 16, 2010, Lan worked with Jonathan in the same group I have had the pleasure of working with Lan for almost two years now. In that time I have witnessed her ability to balance priorities as she works to complete her graduate education while continuing to excel in her current position. I look forward to our future work together.Jonathan WhittingtonTesting and AnalyticsSAS InstituteJonathan.Whittington@sas.com Tao Zhang User Experience Research and Design February 24, 2009, Tao and Lan were students together Lan is a very smart student with lots of creative ideas, for both study and research work. She is a great team player and always willing to help others. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Jonathan Whittington Senior Manager, Quantitative Analysis at Capital One February 16, 2010, Lan worked with Jonathan in different groups Jonathan is a very smart guy with great passion for his work. He always has creative ideas and good intuition to analyze the real business problems. I've been very happy to work with him and share a lot fun during our work time. Accomplishments Lan has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Price Optimization Demand forecast and allocation optimization for Athleta Lan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Machine Learning Lan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Chinese Interests Linked Local in Cary, NC 4,925 members IT, Technology, Engineering and Science Jobs and Careers 7,106 members Gap Inc. 211,273 followers Supply Chain Today: Latest News & Trends, Delete Spam, Technology Innovation, Search Executive Jobs 130,853 members Facebook 1,533,545 followers Science Jobs 300,525 members See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Jeong Data Scientist | Data Strategy General Assembly New York University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Pursuing a career in Data Science, Machine Learning, Data Analytics, Data and Business Analytics, Skills: Python, SQL, Database Operation, Data Analysis, Excel (advanced), Google Analytics, Business Intelligence, Management, Analysis, Data Compilation, ETL, Research, SystemizationMasters in Management and Information Systems with a concentration in Database Technologies and StrategyRelevant courses: Data Warehousing and Data Mining, Data Process and Structure, Database Design & Management, Database Technologies for Web ApplicationsBS in Finance & Management and Leadership. Prior experience in Management and Operations See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Andrew’s Activity 681 followers What Are The Largest Inefficiencies In A Data Scientist's Workflow? Andrew liked The world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data Andrew shared this See all activity Experience Data Science Immersive Fellow Company Name General Assembly Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Data Analytics Company Name Wunderman Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Operations Analyst – OEM Dept. Company Name LG Electronics Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Englewood Cliffs, NJ • Systemized thousands of shipments at five warehouses using the JIT system and FIFO method by devising a forecasted process of incoming and outgoing deliveries which decreased lead-time (amount of days) using OLTP systems• Balanced monthly inventory of over 50,000 Hitachi-LG Data Storage (HLDS) products by creating Excel recon reports using pivot tables to thoroughly review and evaluate monthly transactions and consolidate information• Analyzed and created financial analyses of price and costs using ROI, JIT price, hub charges, and other additional costs to create sales contracts for OEM products• Prepared monthly quantitative reports detailing business operation bottle-necks and performance data• Liaised between LG and Hewlett Packard, Apple, and Lenovo by building business relationships by contacting multiple buyers and sellers on both sides resulting in faster distributions and fewer issues concerning RMAs (return material) Credit Analyst & Credit Management Intern Company Name Shinhan Bank Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area • Analyzed loan applicants’ financial status, property information, and credit background in negotiating terms and eligibility for loans, which supported 3 loan offices.• Contacted 12+ lawyers, CPAs, and creditors on documentation concerning the risk of each loan to update current financial information• Structured loans by gathering information on over 80 firms and sorting bank documents by type and amount SBA Loan Dept Intern Company Name BankAsiana Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Fort Lee, NJ • Co-directed loan closings by facilitating term negotiations for local small business owners to stimulate community development• Encouraged arbitration between borrowers and the loan officers directly through site visitations to 5 locations • Catalogued over 50 credit files containing information on the health of loans for small business owners in the community.• Managed infrastructure and cash flow of the bank by helping create CDs for customers See more positions Education New York University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Management And Systems Grade 3.925 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Treasurer of Management and Systems Program Relevant courses: Data Warehousing and Data Mining, Data Process and Structure, Database Design & Management, Database Technologies for Web Applications Boston College Degree Name Bachelor's of Science (BS) Field Of Study Dual Concentration in Finance & Management and Leadership Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Boston College Korean Student Association (KSA) Public Relations Chair (PR) Freshmen Representative Counseled / guided members, educated campus on Korean culture, and created and designed events Member of APAHM (Asian Pacific American Heritage Month) Committee General Assembly Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Volunteer Experience Milal Volunteer Coordinator Company Name Milal Dates volunteered Sep 2013 – Mar 2016 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 7 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 15 endorsements for Data Science 15 Data Science Endorsed by 9 of Andrew’s colleagues at General Assembly Endorsed by 8 people who know Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 21 endorsements for Data Analysis 21 Data Analysis Endorsed by Amanda Huang and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Andrew’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 16 endorsements for Python 16 Python Endorsed by 10 of Andrew’s colleagues at General Assembly Endorsed by 11 people who know Python Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Andrew has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Data Process and Structure Data Warehousing and Data Mining Database Design and Management Database Technologies for Web Applications Financial Policy Information Technology and Data Analytics Leadership Operations Strategic Marketing Strategy and Policy Andrew has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Korean Andrew has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Data Science Projects Interests LG Electronics 286,917 followers CNET 632,292 followers GA-DataScience-NYC-Sep16 23 members Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management 17,264 followers Apple 3,419,434 followers Barclays Investment Bank 251,917 followers See all See all following
More Actions Melissa has a account Melissa Nysewander Director, Data Science at Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Chapel Hill, North Carolina 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a data science leader in the financial services industry, with a background in traditional science, technical computing solutions, and advanced analytics. Highlights Experience Director, Data Science Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Research Triangle Park, NC I work on a centralized Human Resources team that focuses on People Analytics, applying data science techniques to our internal workforce. We focus on improving the full employee engagement life cycle and creating a work environment where employees can flourish, personally and professionally.Previously, I led a team of internal data scientist consultants who work across the enterprise to deliver advanced analytical solutions to a variety of teams. We advised multiple groups at different maturity levels across Fidelity on strategy to develop Big Data and advanced analytical environments and approaches. I am an advocate for data-driven decision making and the application of scientific methods to solve business problems. Research Associate Company Name University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Chapel Hill I part-time lead a data curation eScience project to create and compile a database and online archive of gamma-ray burst afterglow observations to support modeling and data mining. Principal Data Scientist Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed May 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Research Triangle Park, NC I specialized in using data mining, predictive analytics, and machine learning techniques to solve problems across the enterprise, from the analysis of customer behavior to fraud detection to network security to employee analytics. In this effort, we used big data appliances (Hadoop, Greenplum) and both open-source and proprietary in-database tools (SAS-HPA, R, python, Alpine). I assisted in developing the architecture of Big Data & advanced analytics modeling environment for streamlining the modeling process and speed time-to-decision across the business. Senior Mathematician/Statistician Company Name Alion Science and Technology Dates Employed Apr 2008 – May 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Durham, NC I built large-scale stochastic models for the EPA that estimated human exposure to a variety of pollutants. I led the development of the EPA’s APEX air inhalation model, and assisted in development other types of multi-pathway, multi-chemical models. I designed and led statistical analyses of model inputs, such as pollution concentrations or human health, physiology and activity pattern surveys. Postdoctoral Researcher Company Name Space Telescope Science Institute Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Baltimore, Maryland Area I compiled a database and constructed nested regression models to interpret the empirical properties of short- and long-duration GRBs. I participated in and led global campaigns to observe the optical afterglows of GRBs using world-class telescopes (e.g. Hubble, Gemini, Keck), and used these observations to fit progenitor models. See more positions Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Physics and Astronomy Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name Master's Field Of Study Physics and Astronomy Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2003 Agnes Scott College Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Astrophysics, Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1999 with Honors See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 21 endorsements for Data Science 21 Data Science Endorsed by Kirk Borne, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Melissa’s colleagues at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 24 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 24 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Melissa’s colleagues at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 25 endorsements for SAS 25 SAS Endorsed by Melinda Thielbar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Melissa’s colleagues at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,426 members American Institute of Physics 16,583 followers Agnes Scott College 7,708 followers Research Triangle Analysts 1,092 members Agnes Scott College 7,265 followers University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 213,907 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eunjeong (Lucy) has a account Eunjeong (Lucy) Park Data Scientist NAVER Corp Seoul National University Gwanak-gu, Seoul, Korea 301 301 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm interested in feature extraction and representation of text, numerical, time series data, and have done multiple projects in the fields of manufacturing, multimedia and legislation. I love building new things and developing brilliant ideas with fascinating people.http://lucypark.kr See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Machine Learning Scientist Company Name NAVER Corp Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do, Korea Machine learning and data science at Naver Labs. PhD Intern Company Name Numberworks, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Korea Online marketing automation, specified in display optimization.(Numberworks was acquired by Kakao Corp. in May 2016.) Consultant Company Name Atilika Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Tokyo, Japan Part-time consultant on the development of Korean morphological analyzers. Lecturer Company Name Seoul National University of Science and Technology Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Nowon-gu, Seoul, Korea Lecturer for undergraduate-level Data Mining and Business Analytics.See http://lucypark.kr/courses for details. PhD Intern Company Name NCSOFT Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do, Korea Investigation on deep learning algorithms and natural language processing for AI. See more positions Education Seoul National University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Data Mining Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2016 Thesis: Supervised Feature Representations for Document Classification Seoul National University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Data Mining Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Thesis: A Minimum Redundancy Variable Selection Algorithm Based on a Clustering Filter Seoul National University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 Thesis: Theories on ELS Valuation and their Applications See more education Volunteer Experience Data Miner Company Name Team POPONG Dates volunteered Jan 2011 – Present Volunteer duration 6 yrs 5 mos Cause Science and Technology Merged, and analyzed legislative data, acquired from various government resources. Played a major role in designing and implementing Politics in Korea (http://pokr.kr) from back-end to front-end. See more at https://github.com/teampopong. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 18 endorsements for Data Mining 18 Data Mining Sungchul CHOI and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Text Mining See 2 endorsements for Text Mining 2 Text Mining Sungchul CHOI and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 7 endorsements for Machine Learning 7 Machine Learning Endorsed by Li Ling Tan, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Eunjeong (Lucy) has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Lee Joong Han Award (Research division winner) Samsung Tomorrow Solutions Competition (Winner) Global Ph.D. Fellowship Samsung Ph.D. Scholarship Eunjeong (Lucy) has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Korean Eunjeong (Lucy) has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects KoNLPy Politics in Korea Eunjeong (Lucy) has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Data Science from Scratch: First Principles with Python (Korean translation) Visual Storytelling with D3: An Introduction to Data Visualization in JavaScript (Korean translation) Interests Amazon 2,206,213 followers Sunlight Foundation 1,460 followers Samsung Electronics 864,925 followers Natural Language Processing People 29,160 members Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition 44,210 members Stanford University 435,574 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Jeong Data Scientist | Data Strategy General Assembly New York University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Pursuing a career in Data Science, Machine Learning, Data Analytics, Data and Business Analytics, Skills: Python, SQL, Database Operation, Data Analysis, Excel (advanced), Google Analytics, Business Intelligence, Management, Analysis, Data Compilation, ETL, Research, SystemizationMasters in Management and Information Systems with a concentration in Database Technologies and StrategyRelevant courses: Data Warehousing and Data Mining, Data Process and Structure, Database Design & Management, Database Technologies for Web ApplicationsBS in Finance & Management and Leadership. Prior experience in Management and Operations See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Andrew’s Activity 681 followers What Are The Largest Inefficiencies In A Data Scientist's Workflow? Andrew liked The world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data Andrew shared this See all activity Experience Data Science Immersive Fellow Company Name General Assembly Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Data Analytics Company Name Wunderman Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Operations Analyst – OEM Dept. Company Name LG Electronics Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Englewood Cliffs, NJ • Systemized thousands of shipments at five warehouses using the JIT system and FIFO method by devising a forecasted process of incoming and outgoing deliveries which decreased lead-time (amount of days) using OLTP systems• Balanced monthly inventory of over 50,000 Hitachi-LG Data Storage (HLDS) products by creating Excel recon reports using pivot tables to thoroughly review and evaluate monthly transactions and consolidate information• Analyzed and created financial analyses of price and costs using ROI, JIT price, hub charges, and other additional costs to create sales contracts for OEM products• Prepared monthly quantitative reports detailing business operation bottle-necks and performance data• Liaised between LG and Hewlett Packard, Apple, and Lenovo by building business relationships by contacting multiple buyers and sellers on both sides resulting in faster distributions and fewer issues concerning RMAs (return material) Credit Analyst & Credit Management Intern Company Name Shinhan Bank Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area • Analyzed loan applicants’ financial status, property information, and credit background in negotiating terms and eligibility for loans, which supported 3 loan offices.• Contacted 12+ lawyers, CPAs, and creditors on documentation concerning the risk of each loan to update current financial information• Structured loans by gathering information on over 80 firms and sorting bank documents by type and amount SBA Loan Dept Intern Company Name BankAsiana Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Fort Lee, NJ • Co-directed loan closings by facilitating term negotiations for local small business owners to stimulate community development• Encouraged arbitration between borrowers and the loan officers directly through site visitations to 5 locations • Catalogued over 50 credit files containing information on the health of loans for small business owners in the community.• Managed infrastructure and cash flow of the bank by helping create CDs for customers See more positions Education New York University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Management And Systems Grade 3.925 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Treasurer of Management and Systems Program Relevant courses: Data Warehousing and Data Mining, Data Process and Structure, Database Design & Management, Database Technologies for Web Applications Boston College Degree Name Bachelor's of Science (BS) Field Of Study Dual Concentration in Finance & Management and Leadership Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Boston College Korean Student Association (KSA) Public Relations Chair (PR) Freshmen Representative Counseled / guided members, educated campus on Korean culture, and created and designed events Member of APAHM (Asian Pacific American Heritage Month) Committee General Assembly Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Volunteer Experience Milal Volunteer Coordinator Company Name Milal Dates volunteered Sep 2013 – Mar 2016 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 7 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 15 endorsements for Data Science 15 Data Science Endorsed by Tiana Cornelius, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Andrew’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 21 endorsements for Data Analysis 21 Data Analysis Endorsed by Amanda Huang and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Andrew’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 16 endorsements for Python 16 Python Endorsed by 10 of Andrew’s colleagues at General Assembly Endorsed by 11 people who know Python Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Andrew has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Data Process and Structure Data Warehousing and Data Mining Database Design and Management Database Technologies for Web Applications Financial Policy Information Technology and Data Analytics Leadership Operations Strategic Marketing Strategy and Policy Andrew has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Korean Andrew has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Data Science Projects Interests National Basketball Association (NBA) 108,697 followers Big Data 5,065,141 followers Pulse 1,535,185 followers Technology 20,768,713 followers Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management 16,966 followers Microsoft 3,687,242 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joshua has a account Joshua Lande Staff Tech Data Scientist at Twitter Twitter Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I love using data to learn about the world! I am a data scientist at Twitter. Before that, I was an Insight Data Science fellow. Before that, I got a PhD in physics from Stanford University. More details about my academics can be found at joshualande.com. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Staff Tech Data Scientist Company Name Twitter Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Running ranking experiments to improve the quality of the home timeline. Sr. Tech Data Scientist Company Name Twitter Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area I am a Data Scientist on the Timeline Quality team! You can follow me on Twitter @joshualande! Data Scientist II Company Name Twitter Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location San Francisco, California Developed data pipelines and metrics dashboards with Apache Pig, Scalding, Javascript, and Tableau Data Science Fellow Company Name Insight Data Science Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Mountain View, California * Developed in python ReviewSkimmer.com, a web app designed to give an unbiased description of a movie by condensing and summarizing IMDb.com movie reviews.* Scraped IMDb with BeautifulSoup and stored the data in MySQL.* Tokenized movie reviews using nltk and discovered relevant keywords using a Naive Bayes classifier.* Designed an interactive front end using Flask and Twitter Bootstrap. Hosted the website on Amazon S3. Media (2) This position has 2 media ReviewSkimmer.com - find what's good or bad before its too late! ReviewSkimmer.com - find what's good or bad before its too late! This media is a link ReviewSkimmer.com ReviewSkimmer.com This media is a document Stanford PhD Student Company Name SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory Dates Employed 2008 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory * Developed ~10,000 line maximum-likelihood analysis package in Python in conjunction with three researchers at University of Washington.* Built in the package a module to spatially-resolve faint and indistinct astrophysical gamma-ray sources and used it to detect seven new spatially-extended sources.* Validated the analysis code using extensive Monte-Carlo simulations. * Analyzed noisy astrophysical gamma-ray data with dim signals and large backgrounds to observe 16 pulsar wind nebulae.* More details at http://joshualande.com/academics/stanford-university. Media (2) This position has 2 media The maximum-likelihood pointlike package. The maximum-likelihood pointlike package. This media is a link Neutron Star Powered Nebulae Neutron Star Powered Nebulae This media is a document See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Marlboro College Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Physics, Computer Science (minor) Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 HB Woodlawn Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 67 endorsements for Python 67 Python Endorsed by Shih-Ho Cheng and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Joshua’s colleagues at SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory Click and drag to reorder skills Programming See 44 endorsements for Programming 44 Programming Endorsed by Andrea Klein, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Joshua’s colleagues at SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 37 endorsements for Algorithms 37 Algorithms Endorsed by Rishiraj Pravahan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Joshua’s colleagues at SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (0) Adam Hill Senior Data Scientist at HAL24K March 16, 2014, Joshua worked with Adam in the same group Josh was a highly valued member of the Fermi-LAT collaboration team. He was an expert in identifying spatial extended gamma-ray sources in Fermi-LAT data and was responsible for developing specific python modules identify and fit spatially sources. These tools are regularly used by other members of the collaboration and have resulted in numbers scientific publications. Josh was always a jovial colleague who was happy to take time to talk to other researchers who had questions about his area of research or the methods he was using. Toby Burnett Emeritus Professor of Physics at University of Washington February 4, 2013, Joshua worked with Toby in the same group Josh has made many valuable contributions to the Fermi-LAT analysis system that I manage. He is an excellent programmer, not only in writing code that extends the system, providing new capabilities, but in understanding how to design sensible code, even building in automatic tests.Using the code, he is the collaboration's expert in the important sort of science analysis that it enables, namely detecting spatial extents in gamma-ray sources. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Joshua has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Constraints on the Galactic Population of TEV Pulsar Wind Nebulae Using Fermi Large Area Telescope Observations Search for Spatially Extended Fermi-LAT Sources Using Two Years of Data Fermi-LAT Search for Pulsar Wind Nebulae around gamma-ray Pulsars The Second Fermi Large Area Telescope Catalog of Gamma-ray Pulsars Joshua has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Functional Programming Principles in Scala Introduction to Functional Programming Mining Massive Datasets Joshua has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards The Buck Turner Prize The Robert H. MacArthur Prize The Ernest Coleman Award for Scholarship and Citizenship
More Actions Melissa has a account Melissa Nysewander Director, Data Science at Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Chapel Hill, North Carolina 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a data science leader in the financial services industry, with a background in traditional science, technical computing solutions, and advanced analytics. Highlights Experience Director, Data Science Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Research Triangle Park, NC I work on a centralized Human Resources team that focuses on People Analytics, applying data science techniques to our internal workforce. We focus on improving the full employee engagement life cycle and creating a work environment where employees can flourish, personally and professionally.Previously, I led a team of internal data scientist consultants who work across the enterprise to deliver advanced analytical solutions to a variety of teams. We advised multiple groups at different maturity levels across Fidelity on strategy to develop Big Data and advanced analytical environments and approaches. I am an advocate for data-driven decision making and the application of scientific methods to solve business problems. Research Associate Company Name University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Chapel Hill I part-time lead a data curation eScience project to create and compile a database and online archive of gamma-ray burst afterglow observations to support modeling and data mining. Principal Data Scientist Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed May 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Research Triangle Park, NC I specialized in using data mining, predictive analytics, and machine learning techniques to solve problems across the enterprise, from the analysis of customer behavior to fraud detection to network security to employee analytics. In this effort, we used big data appliances (Hadoop, Greenplum) and both open-source and proprietary in-database tools (SAS-HPA, R, python, Alpine). I assisted in developing the architecture of Big Data & advanced analytics modeling environment for streamlining the modeling process and speed time-to-decision across the business. Senior Mathematician/Statistician Company Name Alion Science and Technology Dates Employed Apr 2008 – May 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Durham, NC I built large-scale stochastic models for the EPA that estimated human exposure to a variety of pollutants. I led the development of the EPA’s APEX air inhalation model, and assisted in development other types of multi-pathway, multi-chemical models. I designed and led statistical analyses of model inputs, such as pollution concentrations or human health, physiology and activity pattern surveys. Postdoctoral Researcher Company Name Space Telescope Science Institute Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Baltimore, Maryland Area I compiled a database and constructed nested regression models to interpret the empirical properties of short- and long-duration GRBs. I participated in and led global campaigns to observe the optical afterglows of GRBs using world-class telescopes (e.g. Hubble, Gemini, Keck), and used these observations to fit progenitor models. See more positions Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Physics and Astronomy Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name Master's Field Of Study Physics and Astronomy Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2003 Agnes Scott College Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Astrophysics, Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1999 with Honors See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 21 endorsements for Data Science 21 Data Science Endorsed by Kirk Borne, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Melissa’s colleagues at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 24 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 24 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Melissa’s colleagues at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 25 endorsements for SAS 25 SAS Endorsed by Melinda Thielbar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Melissa’s colleagues at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests S.T.E.M. Scotties 38 members Fidelity Investments 306,957 followers University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 205,129 followers Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,426 members American Institute of Physics 16,583 followers Agnes Scott College 7,266 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eunjeong (Lucy) has a account Eunjeong (Lucy) Park Data Scientist NAVER Corp Seoul National University Gwanak-gu, Seoul, Korea 301 301 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm interested in feature extraction and representation of text, numerical, time series data, and have done multiple projects in the fields of manufacturing, multimedia and legislation. I love building new things and developing brilliant ideas with fascinating people.http://lucypark.kr See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Machine Learning Scientist Company Name NAVER Corp Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do, Korea Machine learning and data science at Naver Labs. PhD Intern Company Name Numberworks, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Korea Online marketing automation, specified in display optimization.(Numberworks was acquired by Kakao Corp. in May 2016.) Consultant Company Name Atilika Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Tokyo, Japan Part-time consultant on the development of Korean morphological analyzers. Lecturer Company Name Seoul National University of Science and Technology Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Nowon-gu, Seoul, Korea Lecturer for undergraduate-level Data Mining and Business Analytics.See http://lucypark.kr/courses for details. PhD Intern Company Name NCSOFT Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do, Korea Investigation on deep learning algorithms and natural language processing for AI. See more positions Education Seoul National University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Data Mining Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2016 Thesis: Supervised Feature Representations for Document Classification Seoul National University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Data Mining Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Thesis: A Minimum Redundancy Variable Selection Algorithm Based on a Clustering Filter Seoul National University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 Thesis: Theories on ELS Valuation and their Applications See more education Volunteer Experience Data Miner Company Name Team POPONG Dates volunteered Jan 2011 – Present Volunteer duration 6 yrs 5 mos Cause Science and Technology Merged, and analyzed legislative data, acquired from various government resources. Played a major role in designing and implementing Politics in Korea (http://pokr.kr) from back-end to front-end. See more at https://github.com/teampopong. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 18 endorsements for Data Mining 18 Data Mining Sungchul CHOI and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Text Mining See 2 endorsements for Text Mining 2 Text Mining Sungchul CHOI and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 7 endorsements for Machine Learning 7 Machine Learning Endorsed by Li Ling Tan, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Eunjeong (Lucy) has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Lee Joong Han Award (Research division winner) Samsung Tomorrow Solutions Competition (Winner) Global Ph.D. Fellowship Samsung Ph.D. Scholarship Eunjeong (Lucy) has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Korean Eunjeong (Lucy) has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects KoNLPy Politics in Korea Eunjeong (Lucy) has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Data Science from Scratch: First Principles with Python (Korean translation) Visual Storytelling with D3: An Introduction to Data Visualization in JavaScript (Korean translation) Interests Sunlight Foundation 1,460 followers Facebook 1,533,553 followers Google 4,871,403 followers Stanford University 373,209 followers Goodreads.com 10,883 followers Pattern Recognition, Data Mining, Machine Intelligence and Learning 41,386 members See all See all following
More Actions Dan has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Dan Kellett Director of Data Science – ingesting, munging & interrogating data to make sense of the world Capital One University of Nottingham Nottingham, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I love data. There’s nothing more exciting than using the information we have all around us to understand more about how people interact with the world through their financial products.As head of Data Science at Capital One UK I lead a cross-functional team that is changing the way we do business. We use the latest distributed computing technologies and operate across many billions of customer transactions. The models and data products that my team build unlock big opportunities for the business and help UK consumers save money and reduce friction in their financial lives.Capital One is a founder led company on a mission to change banking for good by bringing simplicity and humanity to all that we do. We’re a business dedicated to helping our customers succeed through digital solutions. We pride ourselves on attracting and developing the best talent. Our people are the key to our success and ultimately what puts Capital One in the top 5 Great Places to Work in the UK for the past 5 years!I'm interested in connecting with other Data Scientists, Statisticians or Data Visualisers to discuss advances in the fields.I'm also on the look-out for ambitious, talented people to join my team as we build out our capabilities, using data to Change Banking for Good! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Dan’s Articles & Activity 5,439 followers Q&A with Dan Kellett, Director of Data Science @CapitalOneUK Dan Kellett on LinkedIn See 9 more articles I have open roles in my team based in Nottingham, UK. If you're passionate about pragmatic applications of Data Science then get in touch! Dan shared this See all activity Experience Director of Data Science Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Nottingham, United Kingdom - Responsible for the creation and development of the UK Data Labs including the application of Big Data Analytics to real-world business problems.- Built and led a team providing statistical consultancy for the whole UK business including test design and model building.- Responsible for the centralised UK valuations team focused on migration of existing models to a SAS-based platform from Excel and the development of new account-level valuations frameworks.- Figurehead within the business for statistical innovation with strong links built with a variety of UK universities.- Model Risk Officer responsible for review and approval for UK statistical and valuations model builds including implementation and monitoring (since 2007).- Key customer for Decision Engine Replacement project aimed at dramatically improving speed to market for new models and credit policies. Senior Statistician Manager Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Nottingham, United Kingdom - Led a team responsible to rebuilding all key UK risk models. The focus for the team was on rapid development requiring a high degree of organisation and ability to make trade-offs.- Responsible for developing a suite of statistical training designed to teach analysts the key concepts behind regression, test design and more advanced statistical techniques.- Developed a new approach to short term loss forecasting utilising Markov models to improve the accuracy of future predictions. This project led to a presentation of the method at the Edinburgh Credit Scoring and Credit Review conference (2011). Statistician Manager Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Nottingham, United Kingdom - Leadership of a small team of statisticians supporting the emerging UK instalment loans business. This included the development of new statistical models on small data samples and the implementation of a new decision engine.- Built and led a team of statisticians to support the small Italian and Spanish businesses. This involved travelling between the different countries, discussion priorities with business leads and resourcing projects effectively.- Responsible for the smooth running of the monthly credit bureau reporting process including ensuring accuracy of the data. This involved working with IT to reduce errors, closing existing documentation gaps and answering compliancy queries.- Key performer for a major UK data change. This involved building a new suite of statistical models, liaising with IT to ensure the new data requirements were in place and thorough implementation testing to ensure accuracy. Statistician Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Oct 2000 – Feb 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Nottingham, United Kingdom - Built a range of new marketing models to predict response to mail or outbound telemarketing invitations. These models helped form the basis of UK marketing decisions.- Responsible for building a new acquisition risk model for the UK business. This involved pulling data from the credit bureau, running regression analysis and presenting the results for approval.- Responsible for monitoring the performance of existing models and reporting the results to senior management. Education University of Nottingham Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Mathematics Grade 2:1 Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Horsforth School Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1997 Volunteer Experience Scout Leader Company Name Scouts Dates volunteered May 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Cause Children As a scout leader for a local pack I am responsible for the welfare of 20+ young scouts, planning and leading weekly meetings as well as organising weekend camps. Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 46 endorsements for Analytics 46 Analytics Endorsed by Chris Newkirk and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 18 of Dan’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Modeling See 36 endorsements for Predictive Modeling 36 Predictive Modeling Endorsed by 11 of Dan’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 35 endorsements for Data Analysis 35 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Dan’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Shilpa Kuckian Data Visualization and Business Intelligence Analyst exploring Open Source Analytics November 2, 2016, Dan managed Shilpa directly Shilpa has a great data consultancy mindset, is able to partner with key stakeholders to understand their needs and deliver data products to meet those needs. She is an adept organisational navigator and works well in teams of any size. Technically she is highly proficient in a range of tools including SAS and Tableau. Over her period in the Capital One Data Lab she was able to work with a wide variety of complex data types, delivering high quality dashboards that drove real customer insight. Accomplishments Dan has 7 certifications 7 Expand certifications section Certifications Regression Models Statistical Inference Exploratory Data Analysis Reproducible Research Getting and Cleaning Data R Programming The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Interests R Programming 33,742 members Big Data and Analytics 330,672 members Data Mining Professionals 6,701 members University of Nottingham Alumni 23,004 members D3EUROPE DIGITAL DATA DAYS 137 members Capital One 285,900 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alan (Xi) has a account Alan (Xi) Zhang, Ph.D. Marketing Professor, Data Scientist The University of Toledo Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business Toledo, Ohio 427 427 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Ph.D. in Marketing with 7+ years of experience in quantitative analysis and marketing research, as well as four publications in first-tier journals (including Harvard Business Review). Detail-oriented, results-driven, efficient, creative, and a quick learner. Trilingual in English, Cantonese, and Mandarin.Programming and Statistical Tools:R, Python, GAUSS, SAS, SPSSData query languages: SQL, Hadoop HiveTeaching undegraduate-level courses:Principles of Marketing, Market Research, E-commerce, Social Media MarketingPublic speaking at conferences to marketing scholars and practitionersPublications:Winning Back Lost Customers -- https://hbr.org/2016/03/winning-back-lost-customersEmail Marketing -- http://journals.ama.org/doi/10.1509/jmr.16.0210Customer Win-Back -- http://journals.ama.org/doi/10.1509/jm.14.0107Opt-In & Opt-Out -- http://journals.ama.org/doi/abs/10.1509/jmr.13.0169 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Alan (Xi)’s Articles 449 followers Consumers Think They Are Smart by Being Loyal—But There Are Some Tricks Alan (Xi) Zhang, Ph.D. on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 11, 2017 See 2 more articles Should We Blame Facebook for the Fake News? Alan (Xi) Zhang, Ph.D. on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 5, 2016 Experience Assistant Professor of Marketing Company Name The University of Toledo Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Toledo, Ohio Area • Utilize statistical models (R, SAS), data visualization tools (Tableau), and text mining techniques (Python, LIWC) to analyze customer sentiment on an online product review platform• Apply statistical and machine learning algorithms and techniques to predict the default rate of loans and the profitability of a US peer-to-peer lending company • Analyze longitudinal data (R, SAS) to measure the effectiveness of email marketing of a Fortune 500 company• Employ Google analytics to track online traffic for a local restaurant, and conduct search engine optimization• Teach university courses, such as Marketing Management, Market Research, and Social Media Marketing • Mentor college students in building website, tracking traffic, visualizing data (Tableau), and optimizing search results Data Scientist & Quantitative Analyst Company Name Center for Excellence in Brand and Customer Management Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Greater Atlanta Area • Provided technical leadership and managed marketing consulting projects for Fortune 500 companies, including quantitative analysis, coordinating efforts, and mentoring junior analysts• Monitored and analyzed competitors’ activities, market share, service performance and market trends within the industry, generating marketing research reports, to recommend effective short-term and long-term marketing and promotion strategies and tactics to management• Performed data collection (cleaning, compiling, and mining) and analysis (R, SAS, SPSS) on both primary market research data and secondary syndicated customer-level data (Acxiom), including customer demographics, needs, preferences and consumption behaviors, to identify potential markets and factors and support business decisions• Designed and executed analytical techniques to generate consumer insights and measure brand performance• Monitored and analyzed revenue generation from company email data; identified and evaluated the target audience profile based on geographical, demographic and cultural differences. Built predictive models (R, GAUSS, SAS) for a national retailer to measure customer lifetime value and gauge cross-selling effort• Conducted a large-scale experiment for a national telecommunication firm to analyze (R, SAS) promotion and customer retention strategy, analyze sales reports, and consumer behavior reports to achieve annual profitability Education Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Quantitative Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2015 Areas of Study: Consumer Insights, Customer Lifetime Value, Marketing Mix Modeling, Customer Relationship Management Lingnan University Degree Name Master of Philosophy (M.Phil.) Field Of Study Quantitative Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Areas of Study: Direct Marketing Modeling, Multivariate Statistics, Regression & Logistic Regression Guangdong University of Foreign Studies Degree Name Bachelor with Honors Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Volunteer Experience English Teacher Company Name Sunday English School, Guangzhou Dates volunteered Mar 2004 – May 2004 Volunteer duration 3 mos * Organized classes with a partner weekly to teach basic English knowledge to community residents, including secondary school students, business person, and housewives* Improved community residents’ English ability and confidence in speaking English, gained trust and praise from the residents, and enhanced personal communication skills Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 26 endorsements for Data Analysis 26 Data Analysis Endorsed by Meng Zhao and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alan (Xi)’s colleagues at The University of Toledo Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 17 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 17 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Yu Yu, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Alan (Xi)’s colleagues at Georgia State University Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 17 endorsements for Statistics 17 Statistics Endorsed by Yu Yu and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Alan (Xi)’s colleagues at Georgia State University Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alan (Xi) has 15 courses 15 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Econometrics Applied Statistics & Econometrics Bayesian Statistics Categorical Data Modeling: Logistic Regression Consumer Behavioral Study Customer Relationship Management Econometrics II Linear Statistical Analysis Machine Learning Marketing Strategy Alan (Xi) has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 2016 Outstanding Research Paper Award 2016 Don Lehmann Award Winner 2015 Winner of the Best Paper Award -- Digital Marketing and Social Media Track 2015 GTA Teaching Excellence Award 2013 Shankar – Spiegel Award for the Best Dissertation Proposal in Direct/Interactive Marketing 2016 H. Paul Root Award (finalist) Alan (Xi) has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Winning Back Lost Customers: How to target and appeal to the most likely returnees Regaining “Lost” Customers: The Predictive Power of First Lifetime Behavior, the Reason for Defection, and the Nature of the Winback Offer Modeling Customer Opt-In and Opt-Out in a Permission-Based Marketing Context Dynamically Managing a Profitable Email Marketing Program Alan (Xi) has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese, Cantonese Chinese, Mandarin English Alan (Xi) has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations American Marketing Association (AMA) The Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences (INFORMS) Alan (Xi) has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Modeling the Timing and Rating of Online Product Review -- An Empirical Study on Yelp Interests AMA - American Marketing Association 74,088 members The University of Toledo 95,650 followers Lavastorm Analytics Community Group 9,490 members Analytics | Big Data | Business Intelligence | Data Science | Data Analysis | Data Visualization 12,867 members Certified Analytic / Data Science Professionals 2,430 members INFORMS 25,707 members See all See all following
More Actions Erik has a account Erik Gregory Data Scientist at Facebook Facebook California State University Mountain View, California 288 288 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I have a passion for all things research and data.I have a great deal of experience dealing with large data sets, on the magnitude of petabytes. I have experience detecting and explaining anomalies in such data sets by producing and analyzing custom graphics.I am passionate for automation of all repetitive procedures in order to save time and money. Specialties: Large data set cleaning and analysis, automation, graphical representation of data, presentation of data, mathematics, statistics, critical thinking and problem solving, predictive modeling, Experimentation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Facebook Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location menlo park Identifying product opportunities for search: using data for justification, implementation, and measurement of success.Forecasting and goaling for company-level key metrics.Developing and implementing tracking for search quality metrics for use in tracking success of the search product.Building predictive models to speed up mobile applications.Automating detection of metric movers, and long-term accounting of metric history.Competitive market research. Data Analyst II Company Name Tagged Dates Employed Mar 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location San Francisco, CA Automatically identifying anomalous cohorts in key metrics.Developing a taxonomy of and automating SQL generation for A/B test metrics.Evaluating relative performance of new product initiatives.Using time series models (ARIMA, Holt-Winters, multi-seasonal models) to predict key metrics.Creating graph algorithms on cookie logs to detect users with multiple accounts.Ad-hoc analyses to identify sources of site issues and to assess the efficacy of product initiatives.Maintaining and developing A/B testing dashboards, from the data model to the UI.Deploying web-applications to facilitate the use of analytics projects (http://blog.tagged.com/2013/10/easy-statistical-web-applications-using-r-and-shiny).Won technological "Phantom Taggle" award in Q1 2014, awarded to someone with daily above-and-beyond performance.Won company-wide Technological Acheivement Award for Fall 2013 Hackathon Data Scientist Company Name GraphScience Inc Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Palo Alto, CA Developed analyses around social data which facilitate better Facebook advertisement performance (ROI, CPL, CPA).Developed algorithms which automatically manage campaign budgets according to performance.Automated data retrieval and processing to create actionable and insightful plots for client-facing dashboards.Automated customer and internal reporting. Instructor Company Name Mathnasium Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr · Assisted students in working through modules ranging from Artithmetic to Calculus. Student Assistant- Programming Company Name California State University, Sacramento Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Sacramento, CA Under the supervision of Dr. Michelle Norris, I studied the model used in a paper she was publishing, coded Gibbs and Metropolis- Hastings samplers, and assisted her in preparing an R package for public release. See more positions Education California State University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Excelled in several Graduate-Level Mathematics courses, 770 Quantitative GRE, active Math Clubmember, Cum Laude American River College Degree Name A.A. Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Activities and Societies: All Conference Track and Field/Cross Country Athlete Graduated with Highest Honors Oak Ridge High School Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 43 endorsements for R 43 R Endorsed by Dai Li and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Erik’s colleagues at Facebook Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 33 endorsements for Statistics 33 Statistics Endorsed by Dai Li and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Erik’s colleagues at Facebook Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 25 endorsements for SQL 25 SQL Endorsed by Luwei Zhang and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Erik’s colleagues at GraphScience Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (5) Chris Bunnell Director of Business Intelligence at if(we) May 12, 2014, Chris managed Erik directly Erik is truly a pleasure to work with and one of my best hires to date. He has a true passion for his work and also has the skills to make great things happen. He has a great attitude and is the consummate team player. During his time at Tagged the whole team came to rely on his knowledge and ability to see through the layers and solve problems.Erik is great working by himself and collaboratively as he has the ability to contribute great ideas but also to evaluate the merits of others suggestions. Pretty much from the time he started here to his last day he provided insight and introduced new tools and techniques to the team. These contributions are lasting benefits to the Analytics team and the whole organization.I'd work with him again anytime. Peter Klibowitz Senior Manager Partner Analytics at OpenX May 5, 2014, Peter worked with Erik in different groups I worked with Erik countless times on identifying what was happening with user metrics and why it was happening. Erik's analytical and problem solving abilities combined with his grit makes him a great asset to any team. Erik also doesn't just analyze but also builds; he has built many tools for Tagged that saves me several hours every week. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Rob Koste Lead Product Owner (Data Analytics) August 25, 2015, Rob worked with Erik in the same group Among many other things, Rob built much of the production pipelines and almost all of the dashboards used to track search volume at the company level for Facebook. Watching him use Tableau is borderline wizardry, and he is respected at the company-level for his expertise there and otherwise.Rob set of a ton of data infrastructure used to detect anomalies (both positive and negative) at various levels of granularity, and the generated emails and dashboards were incredibly valuable to detect reasons behind metric movements. He also has a strong understanding of generalized data quality checking.I enjoy working with Rob at Facebook because he is enjoyable to work through problems with, is extremely responsive to feedback, and good at generalizing solutions to problems. Chris Bunnell Director of Business Intelligence at if(we) May 11, 2014, Erik reported directly to Chris Chris was my direct manager at Tagged, and it was one of the most rewarding managerial relationships I've had. Chris:1. is exceptionally good at choosing the right analytic techniques to solve business problems in a timely manner2. has an impressive way of taking on new, huge responsibilities when needed3. nurtures creativity in his direct reports while also maintaining focus on delivery of tangible results. 4. provides the perfect balance of positive feedback, as well as focus on areas that need improvement5. has an impressive base knowledge of programming languages and modeling techniques (plenty of breadth, and depth where appropriate), and is very quick at learning new ones.In addition to all of this, Chris is great fun to work with and knows how to build strong teams which work well together. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Erik has 5 courses 5 Expand courses section Courses General Assembly - Data Science Programming a Robotic Car Real Analysis Real Analysis (Graduate) Topology Erik has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects R, Statistics, and Machine Learning Blog Stackoverflow Answers RMallow package Kaggle Competitions Erik has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications A Mallows Mixture Model for Event Sequences: Application to Partially Ranked Data "Length Bias In Flu Symptom Duration Measurements" "Small Samples" Erik has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores GRE (Mathematics Secton) GRE (Writing) Erik has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,576 members American River College 31,467 followers LinkedIn 2,127,823 followers California State University-Sacramento 131,364 followers Natural Language Processing People 29,160 members Technology 20,768,751 followers See all See all following
More Actions MingJian has a account MingJian Tang, PhD Cyber Security Data Scientist Commonwealth Bank UNSW Business School Sydney, Australia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent 1. Extensive data mining and statistical modelling skills and practical experience on fraud detection, risk analysis, clustering/segmentation analysis, time series analysis, Hidden Markov Model for pattern recognition, Outlier Detection techniques (e.g. LOF, LOCI and density based), Regression Tree Induction, Random Forrest, Support Vector Machines, Logistic Regression and Geo-spatial data analysis. 2. High Level research skills and expertises in wireless sensor networks, data management, computational complexity, graph theory, applied optimisation technique, mathematical modelling, approximate and search algorithms, Lagrangian relaxation.3. Programming skills including J2EE, C#/C++/C See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} MingJian’s Articles & Activity 1,411 followers An exciting new opportunity working as a Data Engineer at Commonwealth Bank of Australia! MingJian Tang, PhD on LinkedIn See all articles LinkedIn Top Companies 2017: Where Australia wants to work now MingJian liked In the last 24 hours, university students across Australia have been participating in the annual Cyber Security Challenge. Just before the challenge kicked off, I was honoured to visit the SecEDU Security Engineering lab at the University of NSW, where the students were preparing to hack well into the night and next morning. I also had the chance to meet with Professor Richard Buckland, who is director of SecEDU Security Engineering Capability. Professor Buckland's teams have claimed the top 3 positions in each of the last 3 challenges! As part of our SecEDU partnership, CBA is working closely with Prof. Richard to grow the next generation of Australian cyber security professionals. The partnership has also built and opened the Security Engineering lab, and will shortly be announcing a round of PhD and honours scholarships. It was great to hear the students speak passionately about cyber security, and to witness their technical curiosity and desire to learn from the real world experiences we share from an industry perspective. SecEDU is a true partnership and one that we are really proud of. Finally, be sure to check out who wins this year's challenge at the leaderboard. MingJian liked Nice review on Word Embeddings and good to become aware of their limitations. Happy Embedding! MingJian shared this See all activity Experience Cyber Security Data Scientist Company Name Commonwealth Bank Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Sydney, Australia Leading the implementation of cyber security advanced analytics use cases and projectsDemonstrating leadership through concrete action and result-oriented approachApplying statistical modelling and machine learning techniques to support business decisions in DPGOverseeing development of prototypes and business cases for cyber security advanced analytics projectsCollaborating with other teams within DPG and other groups in the bank to enhance data lake environmentImplementing statistical models using big and unstructured data (focused on reducing risks)Translating technical findings from analysis into business insights and presenting them to leadership teamDocumenting techniques, and standard operating procedures for each analytics project completedCoaching and mentoring junior data scientists Data Science Mentor Company Name Master of Data Science and Innovation, University of Technology Sydney, Sydney, NSW Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Sydney, Australia Data Scientist (Strategic Intelligence） Company Name Roads and Maritime Services, NSW government Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location 澳大利亚 悉尼地区 Leading development of complex analytics projects in support of high risk, customer profiling, business and compliance activities across the division.Undertaking customized predictive and statistical analyses to assist with the development of regulatory operational policies.Communication of insights and trends, both verbal and written, to support evidence-based decision making and planning.Managing internal and external stakeholders throughout the analytics project development cycle (e.g. design, development, analysis and implementation of data and information).Detailed project planning and control including scoping, meeting deadlines, multi-tasking, prioritization, resolving project issues, and developing contingency plans. Data Scientist (Fraud Detection) Company Name Medicare Australia Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Canberra, Australia Main duties:- Conducting data exploration, analysis and transformation to facilitate favourable data mining outcomes- Undertaking data mining research and experimental development projects particularly fraud detection, outlier detection, risk analysis, sequence clustering, time series clustering and privacy preserving data sharing- Deploying, building, maintaining data mining models and tools- Applying analytical skills and logic to abstract and model core business problems into technical specification requirement- Implementing and streamlining computer-based algorithms- Writing and reviewing research papers and technical reports- Liaising with internal and external stakeholders to facilitate potential collaboration on data mining and social science projects- Contributing to the management of the team by dealing with ad hoc adminstrative tasksPublications/Achievements:- MingJian Tang and others, "Unsupervised Fraud Detection in Medicare Australia", Ninth Australasian Data Mining Conference (AusDM 2011), Best Paper Award- Others and MingJian Tang, "Prescriber-Consumer Social Network Analysis for Risk Level Re-estimation based on an Asymmetrical Rating Exchange Model", Ninth Australiasian Data Mining Conference (AusDM 2011) - Others and MingJian Tang, "Enhancing the Identification of Anomalous Events in Medicare Consumer Data Through Classifier Combination", Sixth International Workshop on Chance Discovery held in conjunction with IJCAI 2011- MingJian Tang and Others, "Privacy Preserving Data Sharing - a Pilot Project in DHS", Technical Report- Successfully organised a conference special session on eHealth Data Mining - IEA/AIE 2012 Analyst Programmer Company Name Medicare Australia Dates Employed May 2010 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Medicare Australia National Office, Tuggeranong, ACT Main duties:- Reviewing drafted Aged Care business specifications and collaboratively refining them with analysts in the Aged Care Business- Organising and chairing test plan walkthrough sessions with representatitves from business, development and testing- Liaising with mainframe developers to resolve production issues related to the Aged Care production system- Performing on-call duties for timely supporting the Aged Care Online production system- Verifying system availabilities for Aged Care non-production environments including software vendor, webMethods and training- Managing software artefacts deployment for the Aged Care Oct 2010 Release to various environments including development, test/user acceptance test, software vendor, pre-production and prodction- Implementing and unit-testing code changes in IBM Rational Application Developer 7.5 for enhancing the Aged Care Online system- Producing integration baselines in IBM ClearCase- Peer reviewing code changes- Reviewing and refining functional test plans See more positions Education UNSW Business School Degree Name Master of Actuarial Study Field Of Study Actuarial Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 ACTL5101 Probability and Statistics for ActuariesACTL5103 Stochastic Modelling for ActuariesACTL5108 Finance and Financial Reporting for ActuariesACTL5106 Insurance Risk ModelsACTL5301 Models for Risk Management University of Canberra Degree Name Graduate Diploma Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Studied subjects include:Regression ModellingMultivariate StatisticsNon-parametric StatisticsSurvey Design and AnalysisExperiment Design and AnalysisForensic Statistics The Australian National University Degree Name Non-award Graduate Course Field Of Study Data Mining Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 Completed with High Distinction. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 49 endorsements for Data Analysis 49 Data Analysis Endorsed by Yanchang Zhao and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of MingJian’s colleagues at Commonwealth Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 40 endorsements for Data Mining 40 Data Mining Endorsed by Yanchang Zhao and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of MingJian’s colleagues at Medicare Australia Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 24 endorsements for Statistics 24 Statistics Endorsed by Yanchang Zhao and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of MingJian’s colleagues at Commonwealth Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments MingJian has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Accelerated SAS Enterprise Guide Accelerated Teradata SQL for Business Users Advanced Elasticsearch: Data Modeling Advanced Tableau Training Cloudera Developer Training for Apache Hadoop Effective Stakeholder Management SAS Macro Programming 1 SAS Train the Trainer MingJian has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English MingJian has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Exploiting Vulnerability Disclosures: Statistical Framework and Case Study Unsupervised Fraud Detection in Medicare Australia MingJian has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CCD-410: Cloudera Certified Developer for Apache Hadoop MingJian has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Dean's Excellence Award 2014 MingJian has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Unsupervised Fraud Detection in Medicare Australia Interests AGL Energy 22,631 followers AMP 47,100 followers PwC 1,335,788 followers Sabre Australia and New Zealand 7,528 followers Deloitte Australia 78,307 followers Visually 9,823 followers See all See all following
More Actions Huibin (Mary) has a account Huibin (Mary) Hu Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft University of Nevada-Reno, College of Business Redmond, Washington 500+ 500+ connections Passionate about partnering with business groups to deliver data analysis that supports business decisions and drives efficiencies. Analytical and conceptual mindset with hands-on experience in big data analysis. Experience delivering measurable global business insights. Seeking to expand my business intelligence skillset on a team supporting revenue growth for the company. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Huibin (Mary)’s Activity 761 followers So apt... Huibin (Mary) shared this See all activity Experience Data scientist, Core Data Science Team Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Redmond, Washington Worked on the Commercial Insights initiative where we apply machine learning to classify Windows users, understand Windows Business Users behaviors and explore new business model opportunities for feature teamsWorked on text analysis on users' feedbackA/B test on network congestion algorithm Business Analyst Intern, Worldwide Credit Services Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Reno, Nevada Area • Drove annual time savings of 15 business days through the standardization and automation of Monthly Business Review report globally utilizing internal Business Intelligence tool • Collaborated with the Finance Revenue Recognition team to optimize the Cash Basis Policy. Analyzed the collectability of customers on cash basis for the past 3 and half fiscal years, containing millions of data points and impacts $1.4 billion accounts receivables • Collaborated with teams across NA, LATAM, EMEA, and Asia to propose the use of Bloomberg Data License, which can improve financial data accuracy by eliminating manual work, reduce data entry time from 30 minutes to 5 seconds by automating the process, and enrich the dataset by involving longer historical period• Delivered monthly regional and global summary scorecards and drafted the monthly executive communications.• Managed internal reporting system tools transition including impact analysis, ensured data integrity across WWCS• Delivered a presentation to WWCS General Manager and obtained budget to justify purchase of financial data from Bloomberg• Created the Rhythm of Business (ROB) calendar of key deliverables and meeting dates for WWCS (Worldwide Credit Services), a team of 54 FTEs and 1 General Manager• Supported sales enablement pilot project for government establishments and education districts implementing pre-approved credit lines at five Microsoft Retail Stores. Upon successful pilot, roll out to additional 75 stores, which will help drive sales and market share for Surface Pro 3• Managed the complex end-to-end integration of Bloomberg Data License, which contains partnerships with multiple businesses to implement a standardized risk solution process, creating data feed queries using SQL Server Integration Services Data analyst Company Name University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute Dates Employed Apr 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Ann Arbor, Michigan • Researched data mining methods and algorithms, analyzed data from multiple sources to fulfill Ford’s goal on learning the traffic conditions in Ann Arbor, Michigan and the United States• Prioritized project tasks based on grant objectives, trusted to find new approaches to data analysis• Presented findings to the project management team from Ford, resulting in additional grants and project continuation Finance Intern Company Name China Galaxy Securities Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Beijing City, China Collaborated with other interns to optimize the structure of hedged portfoliosCommunicated with customers and organized portfolios of different volatility levels forcustomers of various risk-aversion levelsUsed quantitative measures including VaR, Greeks' sensitivity and stress tests to manage market risk for equity Research assistant Company Name Canadian Parliament Dates Employed May 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area • Researched multilingual regulations and laws for international trades of renewable energy between China and US, Canada, and Denmark• Examined multiple resources for current events and consulted with member of Parliament to prioritize events for presentation in Open House See more positions Education University of Nevada-Reno, College of Business Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 University of Michigan Degree Name BS Field Of Study Statistics; Financial Math and Risk Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 beida resource middle school See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 13 endorsements for Statistics 13 Statistics Endorsed by Wei Guo, Ph.D. and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Huibin (Mary)’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 12 endorsements for Research 12 Research Endorsed by 3 of Huibin (Mary)’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills C++ See 9 endorsements for C++ 9 C++ Endorsed by 2 of Huibin (Mary)’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Huibin (Mary) has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Interests MicroStrategy Business Intelligence 33,284 members IGT 35,071 followers Acurian Inc. 6,111 followers AppleOne Employment Services 80,952 followers GrowItSmart 2,232 followers M Squared Consulting 7,293 followers See all See all following
More Actions Emre has a account Emre YAZICI Lead Data Scientist at Kuveyt Turk Participation Bank Kuveyt Turk Participation Bank Sabancı Üniversitesi City 28-0-1 Province, İstanbul Province, Turkey 460 460 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Solutions-driven professional with extensive experience in team management and designing /implementing technical solutions for Internet and computer applications or IT related projects.• Innovative, high knowledge on multiple areas with using a variety of technologies.• Experienced in effective resource utilization, process improvement, escalating quality and costsreduction.• Ability to develop and evaluate effective responses and higher management• In-depth knowledge of learning theories and methods of instructions along with its relation to technicalintegration• Quick study with an ability to rapidly achieve organizational integration, easily assimilate jobrequirements and aggressively employ new methodologies. Energetic and self-motivated teamplayer/builder. At ease in high stress, fast-paced environments with emerging and multipleresponsibilities. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Emre’s Activity 458 followers Kendine "guru" diyen birinin agzina terlikle vurabilirsiniz. Emre liked a comment #IDC 24 Mayis, 09:50-10:05 Emre liked Dünya tehdit altında: WanaCrypt0r 2.0 virüsü Dün sabah (09:00) saatlerinden itibaren aralarında Türkiye'nin de bulunduğu 74 ülkeye sibersaldırı düzenlenmeye başlandı. Özellikle İngiltere ve İspanya'yı olumsuz yönde etkileyen bu saldırılar, kapsam alanını genişletmeye devam ediyor. Antivirüs geliştiricisi Avast tarafından yapılan son açıklamalar, WanaCrypt0r 2.0 fidye virüsünün toplamda 99 farklı ülkede 75 bini aşkın farklı sistemi ele geçirdiği yönünde. Fidye yazılımı olarak programlanan WanaCrypt0r 2.0, temelde bir metin dosyasıyla birlikte tüm bilgisayarlara sessiz sedasız bulaşarak verileri ele geçirmeye odaklanıyor. Daha sonrasında sistemlerdeki verileri tamamen şifreleyen zararlı yazılım, kullanıcıdan 300 dolar ile 600 dolar arasında bir fidye talep ediyor. Üç gün içinde ödemenin Bitcoin hesabı üzerinden gerçekleştirilmesi gerektiği özellikle belirtiliyor. WanaCrypt0r 2.0, eğer yedi günde gerekli ödeme yapılmazsa verilerin tamamen silineceği uyarısını da veriyor. Windows güncellemeleri almış olmanız, bu virüsten korunmak için tek ve en doğru çözüm. Bilmediğiniz kişi ve kuruluşlardan gelen emailleri açmayınız ve hemen silin. Emre shared this Istanbul Machine Learning Meetup https://lnkd.in/ggxcKyX 'na Meetup'ta bak. Emre commented MEHMET’S photo Emre commented Competitiveness at school may not yield the best exam results Emre liked See all activity Experience Lead Data Scientist - Machine Learning Architect Company Name Kuveyt Turk Participation Bank Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Istanbul, Turkey Developing projects for almost all departments of KuveytTurk including:▪ CRM Analytics & Insights▪ Customer Analytics & Insights▪ Operation & Business Analytics▪ Unstructured data Analytics▪ Risk Analytics▪ Visualization & Simulation▪ NLP Research and Development Engineer Company Name EKIN TECHNOLOGY Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Sariyer, Istanbul Research & Development▪ Working on Object detection with Machine learning, Signal Processing, Image processing, Computer vision, Artificial Intelligence▪ Working on Face Recognition, Face Manipulation Research Engineer Company Name Yenimedya Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Istanbul ▪ Worked on semantic analysis.▪ Worked on text processing and tokenization.▪ Worked on data mining.▪ Built a phrase detection system Project Developer, Owner Company Name Aystar A.Ş, Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Istanbul ▪ Newly started businesses▪ Working on technical solutions planning, creating, development▪ Working on natural language engineering in Turkish, with some universities▪ Working on text processing and image processing (recognition) Researcher & System architect Company Name DuduCommunications Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Dubai Internet City Promoted from Solution Developer▪ Created intelligent algorithms for anticipation of user behaviors.▪ Worked on R&D of machine translation, sms translation, user profiling also worked on patent.▪ Communicated detailed product knowledge to support consulting engagements.▪ Worked on Machine Translation, phrase translation▪ Built a translation engine▪ Combined Phrase translation and various machine learning techniques for machine translation▪ Sentiment analysis See more positions Education Sabancı Üniversitesi Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Data Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 University of Essex Degree Name Bachelor of Computer Science (BSc) Field Of Study Artificial Intelligence Grade 67 Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Sisli Anatolian High School Degree Name Mathematics Field Of Study High school Grade 4 of 5 Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 18 endorsements for Machine Learning 18 Machine Learning Endorsed by Murat Can Ganiz, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Emre’s colleagues at Kuveyt Turk Participation Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Artificial Intelligence See 16 endorsements for Artificial Intelligence 16 Artificial Intelligence Endorsed by Murat Can Ganiz, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Emre’s colleagues at Kuveyt Turk Participation Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Neural Networks See 15 endorsements for Neural Networks 15 Neural Networks Endorsed by 4 of Emre’s colleagues at Kuveyt Turk Participation Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Emre has 3 patents 3 Expand patents section Patents Player Contributed Dynamic Network Games Learning algorithm and programming [book] A method for inter-lingual electronic communication Emre has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Hortonworks Hadoop Administration PMP Certificate Course Emre has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores TOEFL IELTS Emre has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification MCPS: Microsoft Certified Professional Emre has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Microsoft Certified Professional Emre has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Emre has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Mete Project Emre has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Sıfırdan başlayarak programlama öğrenme Interests TSK (Türk Silahlı Kuvvetleri) 5,798 followers Computer Vision Online 19,863 members Havelsan Teknoloji Radar 2,130 followers Cybersoft 10,837 followers Sabancı Üniversitesi 17,277 followers Facebook 1,533,571 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nan has a account Nan Li Research Scientist at Facebook Facebook University of California, Santa Barbara San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My research interests lie in machine learning and its various applications. I build a variety of machine learning models and tools to solve interesting data problems, such as predictive modeling, personalized recommendations, search, and relevance ranking. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Research Scientist Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Menlo Park, California Data Scientist Company Name Apple Dates Employed May 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Applied machine learning division Data Scientist Company Name oDesk Dates Employed Aug 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Building statistical models and machine learning tools to enhance user experience in online work marketplaceProjects:- Customer classification and clustering - Topic modeling for feature learning- Freelancer ranking using Bayesian online learning Research Assistant Company Name Computer Science Dept., UC Santa Barbara Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Graph mining, data mining, machine learning, statistical modeling, business analytics, etc. Microsoft Research Intern Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Cambridge, United Kingdom Statistical modeling and inferenceProject: a Bayesian online learning framework to rank contestants for a crowd-sourcing task based on their past performances, using factor graphs and inference See more positions Education University of California, Santa Barbara Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Media (1) This position has 1 media PhD Dissertation: Uncovering Interesting Attributed Anomalies in Large Graphs PhD Dissertation: Uncovering Interesting Attributed Anomalies in Large Graphs This media is a document Peking University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Wuhan University Degree Name B.E. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 68 endorsements for Data Mining 68 Data Mining Endorsed by T. Scott Clendaniel and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Nan’s colleagues at Facebook Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 65 endorsements for Machine Learning 65 Machine Learning Endorsed by Kamal Ali and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Nan’s colleagues at Facebook Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 53 endorsements for Algorithms 53 Algorithms Endorsed by Mahyar Salek and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Nan’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nan has 10 publications 10 Expand publications section Publications Uncovering Interesting Attributed Anomalies in Large Graphs A probabilistic approach to uncovering attributed graph anomalies gIceberg: towards iceberg analysis in large graphs Density index and proximity search in large graphs On supervised mining of dynamic content‐based networks Temporal cross-sell optimization using action proxy-driven reinforcement learning Neighborhood based fast graph search in large networks On node classification in dynamic content-based networks Cross-selling optimization for customized product promotion Using text mining and sentiment analysis for online forums hotspot detection and forecast Interests Google 4,871,422 followers LinkedIn 2,127,825 followers Peking University 153,283 followers Peking University Alumni 14,097 members Graph Theory and Algorithms 17,992 members Pulse 1,535,187 followers See all See all following
More Actions Emre has a account Emre YAZICI Lead Data Scientist at Kuveyt Turk Participation Bank Kuveyt Turk Participation Bank Sabancı Üniversitesi City 28-0-1 Province, İstanbul Province, Turkey 460 460 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Solutions-driven professional with extensive experience in team management and designing /implementing technical solutions for Internet and computer applications or IT related projects.• Innovative, high knowledge on multiple areas with using a variety of technologies.• Experienced in effective resource utilization, process improvement, escalating quality and costsreduction.• Ability to develop and evaluate effective responses and higher management• In-depth knowledge of learning theories and methods of instructions along with its relation to technicalintegration• Quick study with an ability to rapidly achieve organizational integration, easily assimilate jobrequirements and aggressively employ new methodologies. Energetic and self-motivated teamplayer/builder. At ease in high stress, fast-paced environments with emerging and multipleresponsibilities. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Emre’s Activity 458 followers Kendine "guru" diyen birinin agzina terlikle vurabilirsiniz. Emre liked a comment #IDC 24 Mayis, 09:50-10:05 Emre liked Dünya tehdit altında: WanaCrypt0r 2.0 virüsü Dün sabah (09:00) saatlerinden itibaren aralarında Türkiye'nin de bulunduğu 74 ülkeye sibersaldırı düzenlenmeye başlandı. Özellikle İngiltere ve İspanya'yı olumsuz yönde etkileyen bu saldırılar, kapsam alanını genişletmeye devam ediyor. Antivirüs geliştiricisi Avast tarafından yapılan son açıklamalar, WanaCrypt0r 2.0 fidye virüsünün toplamda 99 farklı ülkede 75 bini aşkın farklı sistemi ele geçirdiği yönünde. Fidye yazılımı olarak programlanan WanaCrypt0r 2.0, temelde bir metin dosyasıyla birlikte tüm bilgisayarlara sessiz sedasız bulaşarak verileri ele geçirmeye odaklanıyor. Daha sonrasında sistemlerdeki verileri tamamen şifreleyen zararlı yazılım, kullanıcıdan 300 dolar ile 600 dolar arasında bir fidye talep ediyor. Üç gün içinde ödemenin Bitcoin hesabı üzerinden gerçekleştirilmesi gerektiği özellikle belirtiliyor. WanaCrypt0r 2.0, eğer yedi günde gerekli ödeme yapılmazsa verilerin tamamen silineceği uyarısını da veriyor. Windows güncellemeleri almış olmanız, bu virüsten korunmak için tek ve en doğru çözüm. Bilmediğiniz kişi ve kuruluşlardan gelen emailleri açmayınız ve hemen silin. Emre shared this Istanbul Machine Learning Meetup https://lnkd.in/ggxcKyX 'na Meetup'ta bak. Emre commented MEHMET’S photo Emre commented Competitiveness at school may not yield the best exam results Emre liked See all activity Experience Lead Data Scientist - Machine Learning Architect Company Name Kuveyt Turk Participation Bank Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Istanbul, Turkey Developing projects for almost all departments of KuveytTurk including:▪ CRM Analytics & Insights▪ Customer Analytics & Insights▪ Operation & Business Analytics▪ Unstructured data Analytics▪ Risk Analytics▪ Visualization & Simulation▪ NLP Research and Development Engineer Company Name EKIN TECHNOLOGY Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Sariyer, Istanbul Research & Development▪ Working on Object detection with Machine learning, Signal Processing, Image processing, Computer vision, Artificial Intelligence▪ Working on Face Recognition, Face Manipulation Research Engineer Company Name Yenimedya Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Istanbul ▪ Worked on semantic analysis.▪ Worked on text processing and tokenization.▪ Worked on data mining.▪ Built a phrase detection system Project Developer, Owner Company Name Aystar A.Ş, Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Istanbul ▪ Newly started businesses▪ Working on technical solutions planning, creating, development▪ Working on natural language engineering in Turkish, with some universities▪ Working on text processing and image processing (recognition) Researcher & System architect Company Name DuduCommunications Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Dubai Internet City Promoted from Solution Developer▪ Created intelligent algorithms for anticipation of user behaviors.▪ Worked on R&D of machine translation, sms translation, user profiling also worked on patent.▪ Communicated detailed product knowledge to support consulting engagements.▪ Worked on Machine Translation, phrase translation▪ Built a translation engine▪ Combined Phrase translation and various machine learning techniques for machine translation▪ Sentiment analysis See more positions Education Sabancı Üniversitesi Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Data Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 University of Essex Degree Name Bachelor of Computer Science (BSc) Field Of Study Artificial Intelligence Grade 67 Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Sisli Anatolian High School Degree Name Mathematics Field Of Study High school Grade 4 of 5 Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 18 endorsements for Machine Learning 18 Machine Learning Endorsed by Murat Can Ganiz, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Emre’s colleagues at Kuveyt Turk Participation Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Artificial Intelligence See 16 endorsements for Artificial Intelligence 16 Artificial Intelligence Endorsed by Murat Can Ganiz, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Emre’s colleagues at Kuveyt Turk Participation Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Neural Networks See 15 endorsements for Neural Networks 15 Neural Networks Endorsed by 4 of Emre’s colleagues at Kuveyt Turk Participation Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Emre has 3 patents 3 Expand patents section Patents Player Contributed Dynamic Network Games Learning algorithm and programming [book] A method for inter-lingual electronic communication Emre has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Hortonworks Hadoop Administration PMP Certificate Course Emre has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores TOEFL IELTS Emre has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification MCPS: Microsoft Certified Professional Emre has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Microsoft Certified Professional Emre has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Emre has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Mete Project Emre has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Sıfırdan başlayarak programlama öğrenme Interests Havelsan Teknoloji Radar 2,130 followers JAVA Developers - Turkey 2,045 members Awesome Ways Big Data Is Used To Improve Our World 7,264 members NeuroSoft PL 230 followers Borusan Holding 36,482 followers TSK (Türk Silahlı Kuvvetleri) 5,798 followers See all See all following
More Actions Erin has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Erin Akinci Data Scientist at Asana Asana University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Asana Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location San Francisco, CA Data Science Fellow Company Name Zipfian Academy Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Francisco, CA Participated in a twelve-week program in the area of data science emphasizing familiarity with data science tools used most commonly in industry and an understanding of the underlying algorithms. Implemented solutions to nearly forty data science challenges, including:- Comparing frequentist and Bayesian A/B testing with the multi-armed bandit algorithm for website optimization.- Building a recommender from scratch for helping users choose movies based on their previous selections and preferences.- Predicting labels of news articles using naive Bayes for text classification. Research & Innovation Scientist Company Name FONA International Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Geneva, IL Developed the taste modification platform, which encompassed enhancement of sweet and salty tastes and masking of bitterness. Support for this platform included conducting basic research on these taste modes, communicating the results to both internal and external groups through written reports and presentations, and helping with incorporation of this work into finished applications.Served as a member of the Flavor University faculty by teaching Instrumental Analysis and Flavor as an Ingredient during Flavor 101 courses. Technology & Innovations Intern Company Name FONA International Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 6 mos Research Assistant Company Name University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Completed a comparison of the aroma compounds in rum and rum ether by GCO and GC-MS analysis. See more positions Education University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Food Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Carnegie Mellon University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 26 endorsements for Data Analysis 26 Data Analysis Endorsed by Erin Wolpert and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Erin’s colleagues at Asana Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 22 endorsements for Python 22 Python Endorsed by Adam Gibson and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Erin’s colleagues at Asana Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 21 endorsements for Research 21 Research Endorsed by 2 of Erin’s colleagues at Asana Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Erin has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Topics in Sensory Science Experimental Colloid and Surface Science Experimental Polymer Science Flavor Chemistry and Analysis Graduate Food Chemistry Transport Processes Laboratory Unit Operations Laboratory Water Relations in Foods Erin has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations American Chemical Society Institute of Food Technologists Erin has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Hydrocolloids and Gums as Encapsulating Agents Phantom Aromas for Enhancement of Salt Perception Interests if(we) 4,767 followers Asana 15,037 followers Pulse 1,535,187 followers University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 330,950 followers Carnegie Mellon University 126,405 followers Carnegie Mellon University 138,314 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stuart has a account Stuart Horsman Data Scientist at Commonwealth Bank Commonwealth Bank Lancaster University Sydney, Australia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Scientist at Commonwealth BankSpecialties: Big Data, Hadoop, R, OracleCloudera Certified Data Scientist currently employed as a Data Scientist with Commonwealth Bank in Sydney. I'm working on a variety of problems, from machine learning to data and software engineering. Previously worked on building self service machine learning analytics pipelines for business users. Currently working on our next best action marketing system. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Commonwealth Bank Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Sydney Data Engineering/Science. Building predictive models. Big Data Customer Adoption Company Name Commonwealth Bank Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Sydney, Australia Data Engineering/Science. Building predictive models. Helping our business build predictive models using R. Scalable Systems Engineer Company Name Commonwealth Bank Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Sydney, Australia Scalable Systems Engineer in the Enterprise Services Group, working on the bank's Big Data initiative (Hadoop, R plus some other stuff). Systems Engineer Company Name Cloudera Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Sydney, Australia Responsible for managing the technical aspects of the sales cycle and owning the the on going technical relationship with customers. This includes presenting Cloudera's technology to numerous companies across a wide range of verticals and audiences. Helping customers and prospects in designing and architecting solutions to solve business problems using Cloudera's platform technology and supporting and driving the expansion of existing accounts. Business Development Manager - Big Data Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Sydney, Australia As a Business Development Manager, I am focused on growing our Big Data business in Australia and New Zealand. I work with a variety of business lines, shaping our marketing message, educating customers and technical consultancy. I have worked on a number of customer proof-of-concepts and have built Big Data applications using R and Hadoop for demonstration at industry marketing events. Technologies used include R, Hadoop (CDH), HBase, Oracle NoSQL.Specialties: Hadoop, R, Hive, Pig, Python See more positions Education Lancaster University Degree Name BA (Hons) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Economics and Statistics Featured Skills & Endorsements Cloud Computing See 62 endorsements for Cloud Computing 62 Cloud Computing Endorsed by Paul Muller and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Stuart’s colleagues at Commonwealth Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Oracle See 57 endorsements for Oracle 57 Oracle Muhammad Zahid Lakhani and 56 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hadoop See 38 endorsements for Hadoop 38 Hadoop Endorsed by Kevin O'Dell and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Stuart’s colleagues at Commonwealth Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Duncan Lawie MBCS CITP FRSA September 29, 2011, Stuart reported directly to Duncan I was only at Credit Suisse for a short period of time but that was long enough to realise that Duncan is an Oracle technical expert, with the ability to communicate complex ideas simply, push technical boundaries and who challenged the status quo. Not easy things to do working in an international bank. Duncan also made a great manager, managing both the project and the group of engineers that goes with it. Accomplishments Stuart has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Cloudera Certified Professional: Data Scientist Cloudera Certified Administrator for Apache Hadoop (CCA-470) Cloudera Certified Developer for Apache Hadoop (CCD-470) Stuart has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Cloudera Developer for Hadoop, Cloudera Data Science and Predictive Modelling, Presciient Intro to R, Presciient Interests Hadoop in Financial Services 4,481 members Ambiata 397 followers Commonwealth Bank 168,450 followers RDataMining: R and Data Mining 25,912 members Australian Big Data Group 1,328 members DJ PatilDJ Patil is a LinkedIn Influencer Former U.S. Chief Data Scientist; built & run product teams @ LinkedIn etc; done a bunch of security and some data too 458,626 followers See all See all following
More Actions Adam has a account Adam Richardson Manager - Data Science & Advanced Analytics at Centene Corporation Centene Corporation University of Missouri-Saint Louis Greater St. Louis Area 381 381 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Manager - Data Science & Advanced Analytics Company Name Centene Corporation Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Data Scientist II Company Name Centene Corporation Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Data Analyst III Company Name Centene Corporation Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Health Economics Analyst Company Name Centene Corporation Dates Employed May 2011 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Graduate Research Assistant - Economics Company Name University of Missouri - St. Louis Dates Employed 2010 – 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr See more positions Education University of Missouri-Saint Louis Degree Name Master of Arts Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Concentrations in Mathematical Economics, Econometrics, Statistical Theory University of Missouri-Saint Louis Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Economics Grade Summa Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Minors in Mathematics and Statistics Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 27 endorsements for Statistics 27 Statistics Endorsed by 15 of Adam’s colleagues at Centene Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 23 endorsements for Data Analysis 23 Data Analysis Endorsed by John Slagboom and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Adam’s colleagues at Centene Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Econometrics See 12 endorsements for Econometrics 12 Econometrics Endorsed by 5 of Adam’s colleagues at Centene Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests RapidMiner 917 members National Association for Business Economics 15,898 members University of Missouri-Saint Louis 58,001 followers Healthcare Analytics and Informatics, Healthcare Analytics, Healthcare Informatics 24,673 members Data Science Central 291,508 members Pulse 1,535,188 followers See all See all following
More Actions Josiah has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Josiah Davis Data Science | Consulting | Training Slalom Consulting University of California, Berkeley San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist, Consultant Company Name Slalom Consulting Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area Media (1) This position has 1 media Conference Speaker at EARL - Effective Applications of R Language Conference Conference Speaker at EARL - Effective Applications of R Language Conference This media is a link Data Science Expert Mentor Company Name Springboard Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos One-on-one mentor for Springboard's (formerly SlideRule) "Data Science Intensive", covering the entire data science pipeline in Python.Information: https://www.mysliderule.com/workshops/data-science-intensive/ Data Science Instructor Company Name General Assembly Dates Employed Oct 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Co-instructor for the 66-hour course on Data Science. Course covers complete data science pipeline with a focus on predictive analytics in Python. Instructor for workshops covering foundational aspects of data science in Python.Course Info: https://generalassemb.ly/education/data-science Data Scientist, Consultant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location washington d.c. metro area Provide high-leverage quantitative services including predictive modeling, process improvement, performance management, data visualization and data engineering. Operations Engineer Company Name Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Conducted analysis on the operational quality of the supply base for the Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) airframe. Authored major revision of manufacturing policy estimated to save 1,400 work hours annually (based on internal estimates). See more positions Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name M.A. Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 University of Maryland College Park Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 - Coursework in Calculus, Probability, Statistics, Physics, Linear Algebra, Statistical Programming, and Object Oriented Programming- Graduated with 3.81 cumulative GPA and 3.93 in-major GPA- Spent a semester abroad studying at the Technical University of Denmark- Recipient of Charles R. Dodson Endowed Scholarship Featured Skills & Endorsements Teaching See 12 endorsements for Teaching 12 Teaching Endorsed by 2 of Josiah’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 19 endorsements for Machine Learning 19 Machine Learning Endorsed by Kevin Markham, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Josiah’s colleagues at Slalom Consulting Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Data Analysis See 24 endorsements for Statistical Data Analysis 24 Statistical Data Analysis Endorsed by Jung Taehee and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Josiah’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (3) Parul Gupta Co-founder at Springboard | Join us to transform education! August 20, 2015, Josiah worked with Parul in the same group Josiah has been a mentor for SlideRule’s Data Science workshops since the very early days. He is always patient, nice and goes out of his way to help his mentees. We have so many glowing testimonials for him that it could fill pages! Including a random sample here:"Josiah is great. Really friendly, keen to help, and very knowledgeable!""I got to learn a lot from his experiences working at Deloitte and was very helpful in providing a lot of feedback regarding my questions for job hunting and desirable skills.""I really enjoyed chatting with Josiah about both our backgrounds and what I wish to get out of the course. I'm really looking forward to the following weeks!"You get the drift :-) He will be an asset wherever he goes. Alex Sherman Passionate about Customer Analytics | Deloitte Consulting March 31, 2015, Alex was a client of Josiah’s I had the pleasure of taking one of Josiah’s Data Science Trainings for Deloitte Consulting. During the half-day training, Josiah taught data science concepts in Python to a class of 30 practitioners. Using Numpy and Pandas, Josiah discussed a broad set of data exploration and data analysis topics. The course was tremendously useful as I learned new tactics to improve my existing scripts (e.g. how to optimize memory usage when filling in missing values with ‘.fillna’ by using ‘inplace=True’ to prevent copying the data). After the course, Josiah stayed back with several inspired students to discuss how he collected the data for the course by web scraping with the Python library, Beautiful Soup. This was a continued trend from the course, as he was effective throughout in appeasing both new and advanced Python users.I highly recommend Josiah as an engaging corporate data science trainer. As a testament to this statement, I recently began the General Assembly 11-week Data Science course, in which Josiah is also an instructor, because my only wish at the end of the course was for it to last longer. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Thomas LUCAS Senior Associate at Partners Capital April 21, 2016, Josiah was senior to Thomas but didn’t manage directly Of all of the 20+ people I have mentored through the Springboard Data Science workshop, Thomas created the most interesting and creative project I have seen so far. Using Python and D3, Thomas collected data from disparate sources, integrated them together, designed various analyses, and created compelling data visualizations to explain musical trends over time. Thomas is tenacious and an incredibly quick learner, and after 6 months of working with him, I can wholeheartedly offer my recommendation. Yuji Shen Software Developer at WholeRen Education, LLC July 31, 2015, Josiah was Yuji’s mentor I met with Yuji for several months as a part of SlideRule's Data Science Workshop, and was able to observe his exponential progress. SlideRule's data science workshop covers the entire Data Science pipeline in R, including exploratory data analysis, data visualization, probability & statistics, natural language processing, and machine learning. Not only did Yuji devour the content covered in the curriculum, but he created several original projects to apply his knowledge and covered significant additional resources that were beyond the scope of the workshop. The last thing I'll say about Yuji is that I was impressed with the rigor with which I applies statistical theory to applied problems. Yuji is an assiduous learner with a lot of potential to add value to an organization as a Data Scientist. I give him my highest recommendation. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Josiah has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Outstanding Performance Award Outstanding Performance Award H. Russell Knust Memorial Scholarship Engineering Alumni Centennial Scholarship Charles R. Dodson Endowed Scholarship Engineering Alumni Centennial Scholarship Josiah has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Six Sigma Green Belt Interests RDataMining: R and Data Mining 25,912 members University of California, Berkeley 521,269 followers KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,126 members University of Maryland College Park 314,481 followers University of Maryland, College Park Alumni Association (Official) 35,827 members Deloitte Consulting 36,768 members See all See all following
More Actions Andrew A. has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Andrew A. Roy ( LION ) Data Scientist: predictive analytics;data warehousing/mining;Epic cogito/clarity Optimum Healthcare IT University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Urbana-Champaign, Illinois Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Andrew Roy is a highly skilled and Epic certified "data scientist" with experience in data warehousing, business intelligence, high-end advanced predictive analytics, ETL & database administration, data mining, OLAP and ad-hoc query tools, SQL, web-enabled decision support, and knowledge discovery.His analytic skills were developed through research and practice in the areas of multivariate statistics, econometric and structural equations modeling, and categorical data analysis. With this foundation, Mr. Roy has built a 35+ year career in information technology and analytics, acquiring comprehensive knowledge of a wide array of software and hardware, adapting emerging technologies to an organization's needs, and using critical thinking skills to solve complex problems. He is an expert in several complex software suites such as SAS, SPSS, Systat, S-Plus, Stata, EQS, LISREL, LIMDEP and TSP.With 10 years in healthcare IT, Mr. Roy brings significant Epic implementation and application integration experience. He specializes in Epic CDW {cogito(r) data warehouse} / Caboodle / Star / Clarity [ETL & SQL Server database] administration including installation, upgrades, optimization, and Meaningful Use reporting covering 'objectives and quality/core measures' for both Eligible Hospitals and Eligible Providers. He has performed significant cogito/Clarity reporting using SAP Crystal Reports and SAP BusinessObjects Enterprise for both clinical and financial applications. Of late, he has been dabbling in utilizing Tableau and QlikView in an Epic enterprise setting.Drawing on his knowledge base, experience and keen interest in the field, Mr. Roy is expert in using the powerful analytical tools that enable an organization to mine large datasets for information that is extremely valuable in strategic and operational planning and decision-making. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Andrew A.’s Activity Lydon Neumann Named One of Consulting Magazine’s Top 25 Consultants for 2017 Andrew A. commented TIBCO Software to Acquire Data Science Platform Leader Statistica Andrew A. liked Aetna will not participate in ACA exchanges at all next year Andrew A. liked Why Windows must die. For the third time Andrew A. liked Amy’s photo Andrew A. liked 14 years ago today, LinkedIn launched its first web site. Every year since we've celebrated the company's birthday along with Cinco de Mayo. Happy Cinco de LinkedIn! Andrew A. liked See all activity Experience Lead Consultant Company Name Optimum Healthcare IT Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Jacksonville, Florida Area Lead Epic Consultant Senior Consultant Company Name Nordic Consulting Partners, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Madison, Wisconsin Senior Epic Cogito Consultant Senior Advisor Company Name Impact Advisors Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Naperville, Illinois Senior Advisor -- Epic Cogito / Clarity• Performed in-depth analysis of all legacy revenue cycle reporting needs including those fulfilled by the highly proprietary and confidential "Huron Management reporting package"• Prepared detailed transition plan away from Huron in post Epic 2015 deployment (2016/2017 go live) by rapidly adopting Epic's foundation system reports including but not limited to "financial pulse", dashboards & Radar dashboard components, Clarity/Crystal, Reporting Workbench reports (via Epic Crystal & Epic-WebI integration), and the "graph package"• Led reporting content design sessions for HB, PB, and HB/PB claims• Mentored FTE personnel on client's reporting team• Assisted with Clarity ETL deployment & implementation and Cogito infrastructure planning under SQL Server Enterprise 2012 and Crystal Reports 2013• Oversaw revenue cycle reporting optimization consulting project• Assessed HB and PB reporting in order to dissuade over-utilization of ad hoc Clarity data dumps into Microsoft Excel & Access from Crystal Reports 2011• Analyzed 6 months' worth of transaction log details obtained from Epic Cogito infrastructure TS representative• Developed plan for streamlining Epic report request and intake process to best utilize existing resources• Delivered a technical summary of recommended best practice revenue cycle reporting to client's reporting management team, using Epic 2014 tools including Crystal/Clarity, Reporting Workbench, Radar dashboards, Business Objects Webl and lnfoView, Microsoft SSIS, SSRS and SSAS, and slicer dicer under SQL Server 2012 and Crystal Reports 2011• Helped meet legacy reporting backlog out of McKesson STAR Senior Consultant Company Name Leidos Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Westfield, Indiana Senior Clarity Consultant• Clarity reporting project (using SQL Server and SAP Crystal Reports) -- completely reengineered from scratch an automated extract of primarily Epic Resolute Hospital Billing data into a pseudo data warehouse under AllScripts / Eclipsys EPSi for cost accounting / budgeting• Original code was delivered to client from Epic Systems Corporation under the rubric of Reporting Workbench “extract framework”• Developed complex custom level SQL code to replicate all patient level accounting information covering distinct data sources: encounter level, detailed charges, detailed payments, ICD9/10 diagnoses, ICD9/10 procedures, CPT codes, DRGs, etc.• Data elements encompass several other Epic modules including but not limited to ADT/Prelude, Inpatient, Willow, Optime, Professional Billing, and HIM• Created SQL Server 2008R2 SSIS packages to automate daily, weekly and monthly extracts• Regenerated all legacy data going back to 7/1/2012 from the beginning of the Epic implementation Senior Consultant Company Name Beacon Partners Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Weymouth, Massachusetts Professional Services - Epic PracticeSenior Epic Clarity Consultant• Authored and customized Crystal Reports templates covering Epic Resolute Professional Billing, Cadence and ADT / Prelude• Reports generated included: charges, payments & adjustments; procedure counts; accounts receivable, debits & credits; A/R aging data; RVUs report for monitoring performance, staff productivity; refunds & claims; no-show & cancellations reports; new patients reports broken down by CPT codes; volume report; charge exceptions reports; payor mix; denials management; payment type overview count; charge, payment & adjustment; insurance overview; and referring provider reports• Assisted in resolving issues with Clarity extract, transform and load (ETL) processes and any urgent Clarity needs covering Meaningful Use analytics• Assisted in the Epic/Crystal integration implementation to allow for automation of Clarity report publication beside Reporting Workbench (RW) reports via Epic Hyperspace “reporting home” and eventually Radar dashboards• Supported Epic Cadence go-lives at eight orthopedic clinics followed by a stint at the client’s neurosurgery unit• Helped client’s Clarity and Reporting Workbench personnel set up an automated batch process (from within Epic’s RWB environment) to generate labels for incoming patients that were scheduled for x-rays See more positions Education University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD/ABD) Field Of Study Marketing Research/Management Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 PhD coursework completeMajor: Marketing Research/Management ScienceMinor: Econometrics/Industrial EngineeringGraduate coursework covered a wide range of applied statistics, econometric modeling & time series analysis, and industrial engineering classes Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur Degree Name Bachelor of Technology (Honors) Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1974 B.Tech.(Honors)Major: Mechanical EngineeringMinor: Industrial Management St. Lawrence High School, Kolkata, India Degree Name Higher Secondary Field Of Study Physical & math sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 1969 STEM (physical & mathematical sciences) Featured Skills & Endorsements Consulting See 107 endorsements for Consulting 99+ Consulting Endorsed by James Muir and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Andrew A.’s colleagues at Nordic Consulting Partners, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 124 endorsements for Business Intelligence 99+ Business Intelligence Endorsed by Sam Lexington and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Andrew A.’s colleagues at Optimum Healthcare IT Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 129 endorsements for Data Analysis 99+ Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 18 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Andrew A.’s colleagues at Leidos Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Andrew A. has 26 courses 26 Expand courses section Courses Administering a Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Database: Parts 1 & 2 Advanced Data Analysis & EQS Advanced Programming Techniques and Efficiencies Advanced Statistical Analysis Building SCL Applications Using Frame Entries Categorical Data Analysis Client/Server Strategies Using the SAS System Data Mining Primer: Overview of Applications & Methods Econometric Modeling Using SAS/ETS Software Enhancements to the SAS System (Release 5.18-6.07) Andrew A. has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Bengali English Hindi Andrew A. has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations HIMSS Analytics Epic Systems Round Table (SRT) "SAS Users'​ Group International"​ (SUGI) [ now "SAS Global Forum"​ (SAS/GF) ] Andrew A. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Epic - Clarity Data Model EpicCare Inpatient 2010,2012,2014,2015 Andrew A. has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication "Sequential Analysis: A Guide for Behavioral Researchers", (c) 1990 Cambridge University Press, 288 pp. Interests The Future of Big Data 1,683 members Cornerstone Advisors 1,189 followers Vonlay 786 followers Mediant Health Resources 17,686 followers Technology 20,768,802 followers Epic Consulting Toolbox 497 members See all See all following
More Actions Hiroue has a account Hiroue Harada Company Member at Indeed.com Indeed.com Japan 8 8 connections My first job was a Market Analyst. the next was a Business Intelligence Analyst. The most recent was the Strategic Planning Department at "GROUPON". And in 2012, I joined "Recruit Co., Ltd.".Then I design all of the data base and analysis and tactics and measures, and I was promoted to "Chief Data Scientist" from October 2013.My book "Data Scientist training handbook" was the fourth place throughout the year in Junkudo computer section rankings. And the book was the 18th place in the overall category of Amazon. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Company Member Company Name Indeed.com Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Austin, Texas Area Chief Data Scientist Company Name Recruit Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Tokyo, Japan Business Intelligence Analyst Company Name Groupon Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Tokyo, Japan Media (1) This position has 1 media 丸の内アナリティクス: 丸の内で開催されている分析勉強会のポータルサイト 丸の内アナリティクス: 丸の内で開催されている分析勉強会のポータルサイト This media is a link Senior Market Analyst Company Name Yano Research Institute Ltd. Dates Employed Apr 2001 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 9 yrs 8 mos Location Tokyo, Japan Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining Data Mining No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Databases Databases No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Market Research Market Research No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Hiroue has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Business Intelligence Presentation - Salesforce World Tour Tokyo 2014 Marunouchi Analytics - Japan Society for the Promotion of Data Science Hiroue has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Marunouchi Analytics - Japan Society for the Promotion of Data Science Hiroue has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Data Scientist training handbook Interests Pulse 1,535,188 followers Rubicon Project 18,201 followers TUNE 8,954 followers Indeed.com 106,657 followers PubMatic 29,618 followers Komli Media 6,752 followers See all See all following
More Actions Edward has a account Edward Dixon Data Scientist at Intel Security Intel Security University of Limerick Ireland 405 405 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Day-to-day, I use machine learning to solve business problems for our team and for other teams across Intel. This could mean doing a review of the relevant academic literature, feature engineering, or training shallow classifiers (e.g. Logisitic Regression, SVM); more recently, I'm also experimenting with deep neural nets. As the need arises, I do statistical analysis (power analysis, Student's T-test, etc.). R, Python, Spark and Theano are my favourite tools just now (started to get Intrigued by TensorFlow, though!).. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Edward’s Articles & Activity 417 followers Neural Networks vs. Diabetic Retinopathy Edward Dixon on LinkedIn See 9 more articles Women trafficked to Glasgow for sham marriages Edward liked a comment Introducing - GENIE Secure Wi-Fi Platform for Home/Office & ISPs Edward liked Hardwired to Connect: Mission + Innovation = Tech Tranformation Edward liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name Intel Security Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Cork Using machine learning for automatic classification of webpages Software Engineer Company Name McAfee Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Cork, Ireland - Developer on a team which developed a new parental controls product- Used machine learning techniques to build models that automatically classify webpages Software Engineer Company Name Pilz Ireland Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs 4 mos Responsible for computer vision and 3D graphics elements of an innovative safety product. Lecturer Company Name University of Limerick Dates Employed Oct 2004 – Jan 2005 Employment Duration 4 mos I filled a contract position as a lecturer in Computer Graphics for one semester, teaching a curriculum that built on basic concepts like vector arithmetic to finish with the implementation of a basic ray-tracer. Research Assistant Company Name Interaction Design Centre Dates Employed 2001 – 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs Requirements gathering, Research and Development, Interaction Design See more positions Education University of Limerick Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Computer Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Software Development See 19 endorsements for Software Development 19 Software Development Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Edward’s colleagues at McAfee Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science See 7 endorsements for Data Science 7 Data Science Endorsed by 3 of Edward’s colleagues at McAfee Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 16 endorsements for Algorithms 16 Algorithms Endorsed by 8 of Edward’s colleagues at McAfee Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Mangesh Bhamre Co-Founder & CTO at Open Netware July 21, 2015, Edward reported directly to Mangesh I met Mangesh when I joined McAfee, shortly after he was picked to be the veteran nucleus of a new development team. The logic of his selection quickly became obvious; aside from his excellent technical skills and deep knowledge of the code base, he was able to field a barrage of questions from myself and other new hires with apparently infinite patience. This attitude contribute greatly to the speed with which the new team ramped up; over time, as the new hires gained in experience and further hires were made, it came to define the team culture, as his proteges followed his example in their mentoring of the new team members. Ultimately, his ability, passion and example have had a significant and last effective on the productivity and happiness of his engineering unit. Marcin Dziduch Data Scientist - AI Researcher - Data Analyst - Johnson Controls June 2, 2015, Edward managed Marcin directly Marcin spent his time with us working on text classification problems; his approach (distributed representations) resulted in models that in some cases achieved double the recall of our existing models (based on a 1-hot representation). He somehow also found time to address a key business problem related to text classification across languages. His work has been the subject of two invention disclosure filings, and has drawn interest from groups across Intel. We couldn't be more pleased with what he achieved for us. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Edward has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Machine Learning Foundations: A Case Study Approach The Data Scientist’s Toolbox edX Honor Code Certificate for Introduction to Big Data with Apache Spark edX Verified Certificate for Scalable Machine Learning Interests McAfee 136,813 followers Data Scientists Ireland 436 members Pulse 1,535,188 followers edX 129,217 followers Hadoop Professionals 12,866 members Coursera: Intro to Data Science May 2013 227 members See all See all following
More Actions Dmitry has a account Dmitry Levashov Data Scientist – BidMath BidMath Zaporizhzhya National Technical University Amsterdam Area, Netherlands 324 324 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name BidMath Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Amsterdam Area, Netherlands Bidmath is a company that works in Digital media area. I'm taking care about mathematical algorithms and data, system management structures that are in use.In this company my area or responsibulities is:- Algorithms for automatic decision making systems.- Design of data and system management structures.- Data mining (patern research and trend analysis).- Reporting system (based on Tablea).Tools: R, Bigquery, Hadoop, Tableau Analyst Company Name NOOSPHERE Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Украина Noosphere is a company that unites firms from many verticals like: Social Networking, Fintech, eCommerce and other. I was leading an analytical team of 3 persons and was responsible for providing:- Statistical support (analysis of trends and experiments, pattern research).- Mathematical models (were provided as decision support systems for managers).- Financial planing and control.- Algorithms for automatic traffic funnel management.Tools: R, MS Excel(+VBA), MDX (OLAP) Statistisian Company Name Cupid.com, Inc Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Украина Cupid PLC is a company that works in dating vertical and manages own projects. My responsibulities were:- Conducting and analysis of product tests.- Gethering and analysis periodical reports in categories: markiting, product management and financial.- Setting up and support Google Analitics trecking.Tools: MS Excel (+VBA), GA Teaching assistant Company Name Zaporizhzhya National Technical University Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Украина My responsibilities were conduct practical classes on computational methods, system analysis and basic data structures. Education Zaporizhzhya National Technical University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study System analysis and management, system analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 My specialisation was application of mathematics methods for solving clasical problems of Data Science: classification, prediction, clusterisation and etc. Specific of education was in accent on mathematical background of methods, their updates and adaptation Zaporizhzhya National Technical University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 My second specialization was specific techniques of accounting, analysis and management in Financial sphere Zaporizhzhya National Technical University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Applied mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 7 endorsements for Data Science 7 Data Science Mátyás Mátyás and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Mathematical Modeling See 9 endorsements for Mathematical Modeling 9 Mathematical Modeling Mátyás Mátyás and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 14 endorsements for Data Analysis 14 Data Analysis Mátyás Mátyás and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Ievgen Voloshchuk Engineering Manager at BidMath February 28, 2017, Ievgen worked with Dmitry in different groups Dmitry has proven himself very capable working within the fast-changing and dynamic environment that BidMath is. He has shown a structural approach in providing simple but solid solutions for complex and ambiguous problems. On top of that, Dmitry is also a great chess opponent! I recommend him as an excellent skilled data scientist and a reliable and responsible colleague. Gregory Bobukh Mailer July 8, 2016, Gregory managed Dmitry directly Dmitry developed analytical system where tons of data were processing every day. This may sound crazy but his skills in programming and maths make him able to do impossible things. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Anastasiya Astakhova Open for new opportunities March 17, 2016, Anastasiya worked with Dmitry in the same group Anastasia consists the most important management personalities, like good organizational and communication skills, ability to plan and to lead long-term process of development and improvement, in the same time she saves control of the system and global vision of path to goals were planned as a company strategy. For my opinion, exactly this edges of character grants that significant increase I saw in systems she leads. Accomplishments Dmitry has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Russian Ukrainian Dmitry has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Probabilistic Graphical Models 1: Representation (with Honors) Introduction to Complex Analysis Interests Data Scientist/Big Data Professionals 802 members "Big Data" Scientist 12,289 members SDL plc 56,583 followers Freelance Data Scientist and Data Analyst 2,239 members Zaporizhzhya National Technical University 2,924 followers Data Scientist Network 12,206 members See all See all following
More Actions Justin has a account Justin Bleich Coatue Management Coatue Management University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My primary area of interest is in forecasting and prediction, where I use a wide array of machine learning algorithms and/or Bayesian models. In general, I pride myself on taking a business-first, practical approach to problem solving, but also on my ability write production implementations of prediction workflows once a good model has surfaced. Throughout my career to date, I have adopted the mantra that the ability to rapidly experiment and iterate on ideas is the key to success. I am a big believer in building flexible analysis tools that allow for quick testing of many concepts and prototypes, and that a data scientist must be a strong enough programmer to implement such a platform on his or her own. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Coatue Management Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Co-Founder Company Name Zodiac™ Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Co-founding CTO / current member of Board of Directors - Raised $3mm from top investors including First Round Capital, Felicis Ventures, Compound, and WTI. - Led the data science and engineering teams in developing company's core CLV SaaS product- Developed and implemented primary Bayesian statistical modeling engine Co-Founder and Organizer Company Name The White Board Club Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Hands-on Deep Learning study group for Engineers, Data Scientists and AcademicsSponsored by Amazon Web Services, WSGR, Raptor Group, and CompoundVisit www.thewhiteboardclub.com to request membership Adjunct Professor Company Name The Wharton School Dates Employed Sep 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area - Taught STAT 622, an MBA course in advanced data mining and predictive modeling techniques with a focus on business applications Consultant Company Name Freelance Data Scientist Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area -Translated academic ideas into operational solutions for clients-Developed forecasting models using modern machine learning algorithms-Emphasized visualization and practical explanations of abstract statistical concepts-Experienced across a range of diverse application areas including criminal justice, healthcare, nanotech, and political See more positions Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Thesis Topic: Extensions and Applications of Ensemble-of-trees Methods in Machine LearningMaster of Arts in Statistics awarded in May 2014GPA: 4.00/4.00Software:bartMachine: A Java-to-R implementation of the Bayesian Additive Regression Trees learning algorithm (available on CRAN). ICEbox: A visualization suite for statistical learning algorithms implemented in R (available on CRAN). University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name BS Economics Field Of Study Finance and Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 GPA: 4.00/4.00Awards:Summa Cum Laude Latin HonorsBeta Gamma SigmaHildebrand Award for Outstanding Performance in Statistics Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 20 endorsements for Statistics 20 Statistics Endorsed by Daniel McCarthy and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Justin’s colleagues at Zodiac™ Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 18 endorsements for Data Analysis 18 Data Analysis Endorsed by Alex Lauf Goldstein and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Justin’s colleagues at Zodiac™ Click and drag to reorder skills R See 16 endorsements for R 16 R Endorsed by Daniel McCarthy, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Justin’s colleagues at Zodiac™ Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Robert McGinley VP of Engineering at Zodiac April 23, 2017, Robert reported directly to Justin Justin is a great technical leader. His deep knowledge of statistics and machine learning makes him a huge asset to any real predictive organization. When I was working with him he was also very keen on learning the engineering and operational side of creating complex systems. This interest makes Justin invaluable in creating a system that can scale and be exceptionally useful to an organization. Justin is excellent at pushing a vision he has into a product. He energizes his team behind his idea and makes them excited to execute on it. In this respect, his is great as a product manager. He’s flexible in working with the team to deliver a minimum viable product, including jumping in and doing the statistics himself to ensure correctness. The deliverable is a great representation of what his ultimate vision is. I highly recommend Justin and think he can play a transformative role in any organization. Robert McGinley VP of Engineering at Zodiac January 14, 2017, Justin managed Robert directly Rob is an outstanding software engineer who is well on the path towards becoming a world-class leader of a technology organization.As the first employee at Zodiac, Rob took an MVP analytics backend that I had developed and single-handedly architected, coded, and scaled an entire web stack from scratch that ultimately helped us raise an institutional seed round. Also, not only did Rob build the stack, but he also explained his design choices and reasoning to the team so we could improve our knowledge of software engineering. Moreover, as a data scientist by background running a technology organization, I quickly saw Rob as a mentor with regards to best practices for both the development and management sides of software engineering. As our organization grew, so did Rob’s level of responsibility. While still being the head architect and staying deeply focused on development, Rob helped us recruit some of the strongest engineering talent in Philadelphia across both senior and junior levels. Within weeks, it become evident that Rob also has a passion for training junior talent and bringing their skills to the next level. One of Rob’s greatest strengths is his ability to lead by example. Not once was he unwilling to dive into our codebase and do whatever was necessary at any time. From an engineering perspective, I have no doubt Rob can build pretty much anything. What really stands out, though, is his ability to understand the business and product needs and develop accordingly. He pushed for simple implementations for MVP-style features, but could take the architecture deep when the product needed stability. And never once was Rob not open to meritocratic debate about the best path forward. I can say with complete confidence Zodiac would not have achieved its successes without Rob. Accomplishments Justin has 20 courses 20 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Calculus Advanced Topics in Statistical Learning Bayesian Methods and Computation Business Computer Languages Financial Derivatives Financial Engineering Fixed Income Securities General Chemistry Intro Bio-Molec. Bio Life Intro. to Linear Models Justin has 10 publications 10 Expand publications section Publications Explaining the Success of AdaBoost and Random Forests as Interpolating Classifiers Prediction with Missing Data via Bayesian Additive Regression Trees bartMachine: Machine Learning with Bayesian Additive Regression Trees Bayesian Additive Regression Trees with Parametric Models of Heteroskedasticity Forecasts of Violence to Inform Sentencing Decisions Inference for Treatment Regime Models in Personalized Medicine Peeking Inside the Black Box: Visualizing Statistical Learning with Plots of Individual Conditional Expectation Using Regression Kernels to Forecast A Failure to Appear in Court Variable Selection for BART: An Application to Gene Regulation Statistical Procedures for Forecasting Criminal Behavior: A Comparative Assessment Interests Coatue Management 1,713 followers The Wharton School 158,075 followers First Round Capital 14,299 followers Zodiac™ 356 followers The Wharton School 183,201 followers Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,427 members See all See all following
More Actions Hiroue has a account Hiroue Harada Company Member at Indeed.com Indeed.com Japan 8 8 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My first job was a Market Analyst. the next was a Business Intelligence Analyst. The most recent was the Strategic Planning Department at "GROUPON". And in 2012, I joined "Recruit Co., Ltd.".Then I design all of the data base and analysis and tactics and measures, and I was promoted to "Chief Data Scientist" from October 2013.My book "Data Scientist training handbook" was the fourth place throughout the year in Junkudo computer section rankings. And the book was the 18th place in the overall category of Amazon. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Company Member Company Name Indeed.com Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Austin, Texas Area Chief Data Scientist Company Name Recruit Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Tokyo, Japan Business Intelligence Analyst Company Name Groupon Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Tokyo, Japan Media (1) This position has 1 media 丸の内アナリティクス: 丸の内で開催されている分析勉強会のポータルサイト 丸の内アナリティクス: 丸の内で開催されている分析勉強会のポータルサイト This media is a link Senior Market Analyst Company Name Yano Research Institute Ltd. Dates Employed Apr 2001 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 9 yrs 8 mos Location Tokyo, Japan Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining Data Mining No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Databases Databases No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Market Research Market Research No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Hiroue has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Business Intelligence Presentation - Salesforce World Tour Tokyo 2014 Marunouchi Analytics - Japan Society for the Promotion of Data Science Hiroue has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Marunouchi Analytics - Japan Society for the Promotion of Data Science Hiroue has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Data Scientist training handbook Interests PubMatic 29,618 followers URX (acquired by Pinterest) 450 followers Pulse 1,535,190 followers Komli Media 6,752 followers Rubicon Project 18,201 followers Recruit 4,641 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ivy has a account Ivy Chen Data Scientist at Facebook Facebook The University of Chicago San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I speak actionable data insights.Specialties: Product and Marketing Analytics;Mobile Analytics;A/B test analysis;Dashboarding;Schema design and ETL design;Modelling, pricing, strategy designing and model back-testing for high frequency financial trade. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Data Scientist II Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Product Intelligence Manager Company Name Yammer, Inc. (Microsoft Office Division) Dates Employed May 2013 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Data Analyst/Product Manager - Analytics Company Name Breaktime Studios Dates Employed Aug 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Financial Engineer/Quantitative Analyst Company Name Allston Trading Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Chicago Area See more positions Education The University of Chicago Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Financial Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Shanghai Jiao Tong University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Economics and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Volunteer Experience Mobile Adoption Volunteer Company Name Peninsula Humane Society & SPCA Dates volunteered Sep 2011 – Nov 2013 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 3 mos Cause Animal Welfare Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 15 endorsements for Data Analysis 15 Data Analysis Endorsed by Vincent Yates and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ivy’s colleagues at Facebook Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 9 endorsements for SQL 9 SQL Endorsed by Vincent Yates and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ivy’s colleagues at Facebook Click and drag to reorder skills R See 8 endorsements for R 8 R Endorsed by Vincent Yates and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ivy’s colleagues at Facebook Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Jonathan Zabel Production at Riot Games March 31, 2013, Jonathan worked with Ivy in different groups Without Ivy, we would have made substantially less revenue.I worked closely with her while running live operations on Pocket Potions, Sweet Shop and Dream Dresses. Week after week, she presented crucial insights that allowed us to better understand the behavior of our paying users.When I started, we were experiencing massive soft currency inflation. Ivy not only helped us curb the inflation (by giving us the correct range to price new content) but also turn soft currency purchases into an IAP purchase driver (by giving the correct amount of currency for each price point).She also helped turn around a sudden drop in user life. She analyzed common patterns of player behavior and let us know which days users were most likely to churn. This allowed us to retune the daily bonus for those days and arrest the decline. Jack Ng Program Manager at Apple March 23, 2015, Jack worked with Ivy in the same group I really miss working with Jack. We were constructing analytics infrastructure together for Office online. That is tremendous work. Jack managed to help us prioritize and communicate with all different parts of Office online team efficiently. He is very data driven. And he helped the whole team become more data driven. He lead the team to run the very first A/B test successfully (and many more later) in Office product, and made sure the insights were interpreted correctly to the rest of the company. I cannot say enough about Jack. And I have no hesitation to recommend him. Accomplishments Ivy has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Korean Ivy has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Financial Risk Manager(FRM) Interests Shanghai Jiao Tong University 114,455 followers Visual Analytics 17,520 members The University of Chicago 117,145 followers Microsoft 3,687,269 followers Global Association of Risk Professionals (GARP) 41,973 members Data Scientists 49,117 members See all See all following
More Actions Nihar has a account Nihar Bhupalam Product @ Mixpanel Mixpanel University of Chicago San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Former trader turned product guy, enjoy working with all divisions (marketing, engineering, design, etc.) to build and improve the product. Focused on utilizing data in decision making. Highlights Experience Product @ Mixpanel Company Name Mixpanel Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Product Manager, Google Play for Families Company Name Google Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Mountain View, CA Lead Data Scientist, Product Intelligence Company Name salesforce.com Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location San Francisco - Lead analytics for Salesforce’s collaboration products including the Chatter, Communities, and Files products- Designed, developed, and published customer level dashboards showcasing the key metrics to the customer- presented these dashboards to over 30 customers, received feedback, and improved the dashboards to better serve the customers- Collaborated directly with product teams to determine key performance indicators to measure product success- Designed interactive dashboards allowing teams to clearly see these key metrics, trends, and adoption patterns- Presented key analytics findings to executives and product managers to drive product decisions- these findings have helped drive many strategic product decisions- Partnered with UX to understand the success of various design choices based on usage data and help UX make new design choices based on current data- Helped product marketing run email marketing and engagement campaigns targeted at specific customers based on engagement data and measure the success of these campaigns- Collaborated with developers in implementing instrumentation to measure new metrics and prioritized the instrumentation backlog across the entire product line- Defined requirements, created stories, and prioritized the backlog for metrics automation with IT- Gathered data from both the data warehouse (SQL) and applogs (Hadoop), managed a data mart, and utilized this data for reporting to the product teams Game Day Statistician Company Name Chicago Bulls Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater Chicago Area - Created scripts to parse play by play data and create reports for coaching staff. - These reports were prepared after every game and utilized in game play analysis and decision making Algorithmic Trader Company Name DRW Trading Group Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs - Utilized both quantitative models and deep market knowledge to find profitable opportunities in both the commodities and ETF space. - Worked closely with software engineers to implement trading tools and strategies. Defined requirements and managed timelines. See more positions Education University of Chicago Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Duke University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Statistics, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 London School of Economics and Political Science Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2007 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Management See 2 endorsements for Product Management 2 Product Management David Colby and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 10 endorsements for Data Analysis 10 Data Analysis Endorsed by Ryan Gehring, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Nihar’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 12 endorsements for Python 12 Python Endorsed by 3 of Nihar’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Stephen Hsu Head of Product Management at Directly November 5, 2014, Nihar worked with Stephen in the same group Nihar was one of, if not the most, sought after people by the product management team in the Community Cloud. As our Lead Data Scientist, he helped the PM team make interesting and challenging decisions on how to steer the product, which became the fastest growing product in Salesforce history. He could present high level insights to execs in sprint reviews just as easily as diving deep into the analytics going into product planning meetings. With an eye toward increasing engagement with our product, he naturally evolved into a product manager with a ton of potential! I look forward to working with Nihar again some day. David Colby Sr. Director, Strategy & Growth - Product Data Science at Salesforce.com November 2, 2014, David managed Nihar directly Nihar was an amazing data scientist on our Product Intelligence team. He combined a top notch stats/analytics background and excellent communication skills (if you have managed data scientists you know how rare that is) to drive deep value within our product teams. Nihar's passion for product development and understanding of our product strategy helped deliver considerable growth with the predictive models and other analytics he created. Nihar is a rockstar, would jump at the chance to work with him again. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations David Colby Sr. Director, Strategy & Growth - Product Data Science at Salesforce.com November 1, 2014, Nihar reported directly to David David was my manager for a year and a half where he led the Product Intelligence group at Salesforce. David was an amazing manager and always found ways to foster my career development and support me in my role. He encouraged open communication and I felt comfortable talking with him about anything that came up in the course of work. I highly recommend David as a manager and a leader! Aakrit Prasad Product Growth & Engineering @ AppDynamics October 6, 2014, Nihar and Aakrit were students together I had the pleasure of both studying with Aakrit at the University of Chicago as well as working with him at Salesforce. He was always amazing to work with and always very collaborative, smart, and passionate about everything he did. He was very intellectually curious and we would spend late nights hacking and learning about various CS concepts. He ended up becoming a very skilled full stack programmer with experience in mobile, web, databases, and performance engineering. Aakrit is very dedicated, passionate, and involved in everything he does. Any company would be extremely luck to have him on their team! View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Nihar has 37 courses 37 Expand courses section Courses Academic Writing Advanced Java Programming Algorithms Asset Pricing & Risk Management Bayesian and Modern Statistics C Programming C++ Computer Systems Computing Methods in Statistics Databases Nihar has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Bayes Impact Interests Duke University 140,307 followers Omniture 5,536 followers New York University 461,569 followers Algorithmic Trading 77,572 members Localytics 8,348 followers Duke University 149,660 followers See all See all following
More Actions Carla has a account Carla Gentry Data Scientist at Talent Analytics, Corp. Talent Analytics, Corp. University of Illinois at Chicago Louisville, Kentucky Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Being a single mother of two sons was a challenge but no one has ever accused me of backing down from a challenge, eager to learn and grow, I entered the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga in the spring of 1993. I worked in the Developmental Math Lab my entire tenure with UTC, assisting students with all levels of mathematics. Upon graduating from UTC with a double major, Applied Mathematics and Economics in 1998, I moved to the Chicago area to start my career in analytics. During the past 18 years, I have worked with Fortune 100 and 500 companies including but not limited to, Discover Financial Services, J&J, Hershey, Kraft, Kellogg’s, SCJ, McNeil and Firestone. Acting as a liaison between the IT department and the Executive staff, I am able to take huge complicated databases, decipher business needs and come back with intelligence that quantifies spending, profit and trends. Being called a data nerd is a badge of courage for this curious Mathematician/Economist because knowledge is power and companies are now acknowledging its importance.Specialties: * Comprehensive Customer Satisfaction and Retention Analysis,* Brand Research & Competitive Analysis,* Employee Retention Research,* Survey Creation & Analysis (New Product and Branding),* Database creation and mining,* Social Media & Coupon, Incentive Promotions,* Project Management (Scrum Certified)Social media without a purpose is like posting a billboard with your logo but no brand message or call to action, http://ow.ly/4MUxa See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Carla’s Articles & Activity 158,571 followers For all those that thought they had failed Carla Gentry on LinkedIn See 13 more articles Tech Tip: Getting Recommendations From Facebook Friends - You can create a question post for your Facebook timeline that encourages your friends to give their advice, complete with links and maps. Carla shared this Fast Data and a Little Bit of Robot Rock, Paper, Scissors Fun at Strata Hadoop Carla liked But there’s a problem. Quantifying people is not nearly as easy as quantifying grain. Quantification requires standardization, but people aren’t standardized and the data collection methods we have for analyzing people aren’t perfect. So, shortcuts have to be made and proxies must be used to reduce the rich complexity of human experience into discreet buckets. Carla shared this See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name Talent Analytics, Corp. Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Louisville, Kentucky Area I have joined forces with Talent Analytics to spread the word of predictive and workforce analytics for pre-hire employment and retention/goodness of fit... After watching the wrong people being hired into companies over the last 20 years and leaving companies due to bad managers and teams that didn't work - I want to be a part of change in the hiring process and Greta and Pasha Roberts from Talent Analytics are the people I feel have the best shot at making a difference for the future of "Hiring and Workforce Analytics". Poor hiring can no longer be written off as the “cost of doing business” and if you are wondering WHY your TOP TALENT is leaving or why you can't seem to find the right talent, give Greta or Pasha a call. Greta Roberts, CEO & Co-founder has a unique approach for innovating and staying ahead of the curve and Pasha Roberts, Chief Scientist & Co-founder is broadly acknowledged for his technical brilliance and by his peers within the data science community and beyond, how could I not be a part of the NEW analytical workforce future of pre-hire and retention! Freelance Data Scientist Company Name Analytical Solution Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Location Louisville, Kentucky Area Data Scientist with 19 years’ experience bringing everything I have learned about data, software and other analytical tools as well as predictive models, algorithm, data structure and language in order to make the best insights available for business decision. You see "numbers", I see the future for a great customer experiences. The possibilities that data mining, semantic and sentiment analysis can bring from structured and unstructured data is limitless, your data is the voice of the customer, are you paying attention, I know I am.What can your data tell you, that you don’t already know? Data Mining is about explaining the past and predicting the future by means of data analysis. We are collecting more data than ever before, yet many organizations are still looking for better ways to obtain value from their data and compete in the marketplace. How old are my customers, did they go to college, do they have children, where do they live, where do they shop, what is their annual income, etc? I bet you can answer most of these questions with your existing data! Have millions of records, that my specialty.Social Media MarketingStatistical concepts to solve business challenges. Advanced knowledge of data warehousing.Target Audience AnalysisPredictive modeling, forecasting, and data mining. Develop data strategy, analysis, objectives and business requirementsBuild mathematical models to represent demand forecasting at various levels.Data analysis (what is in your data?), Customer Segmentation (who is my target audience?), Statistical Analysis (who will buy my product from the above audience?), Trending and New Product Analysis (who will buy my product in the future).Private contractor for many companies including but not limited to Rivo Software LTD, PBA Health, Disney Media Burbank CA, Computer Systems Institute, Data Science Central with Vincent Granville, Deloitte and more Media (3) This position has 3 media Data Science is real - Great Lists to Follow Data Science is real - Great Lists to Follow This media is a link 10 IT Leaders To Follow On Twitter 10 IT Leaders To Follow On Twitter This media is a link PRESENTING: The 100 Most Influential Tech Women On Twitter PRESENTING: The 100 Most Influential Tech Women On Twitter This media is a link Analytics Manager Company Name Area203 - CPS- CPD >Terenine Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location 1516 Riverside Drive, Chattanooga TN Lead the effort to create and implement reporting structure to achieve business expectations, making refinements as necessary and within the timeframe required by the business. Provide value-added reporting, performing ad hoc, detailed analysis to meet business needs, including explanation of variances and impact to business. Provide reporting and modeling to turn information into actionable items. Proactively drive new reporting/analysis (measures, key success factors, metrics) and make recommendations. Perform ongoing data analysis while maintaining the integrity of the data. Convert business problems into analytic projects with well-defined deliverables. Manage data capture, ROI analysis, program analysis, and evaluation. Discover, analyze, and quantify trends and correlations. Coordinate the various activities related to assessing and predicting business performance through business analysis and/or modeling, determining policies and strategies that maximize profits and growth and minimizes credit and/or operating losses and other risk exposures. Conduct win/lose analysis. Work closely with management to determine the key performance indicators and metrics needed to manage the business. Effectively communicate results to management. Develop and implement process improvements. Participate in the development and implementation of short-term and long-term strategies, goals and objectives. Marketing Research Manager Company Name Tandus Dates Employed May 2008 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Dalton, Ga Analyze and forecast market conditions, evaluate regions demographics, economic fluctuations, identify market tendencies and risk factors and develop product commercialization strategies. Market Research Analyst: Company Name PromoWorks Dates Employed May 2006 – Mar 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Schaumburg, Illinois Responsible for reviewing, analyzing and evaluating business needs for the research/sales department. Conduct geographic and demographic market analysis of current promotional network and make recommendations for changes to improve the retail business with the aid of AC Nielson’s Spectra Applications. Clients included but are not limited to, SCJ, Kraft, Kellogg's, Neutrogena, Hershey, Johnson & Johnson. See more positions Education University of Illinois at Chicago Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 Activities and Societies: Worked with PhD students, should I say more :) I wasn't a student there, I worked in the Computer Center teaching PhD students how to build databases and cite their source of data... build models etc The University of Tennessee at Chattanooga Degree Name BS Field Of Study Economics Grade 2.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1998 The University of Tennessee at Chattanooga Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Mathematics Grade 2.8 Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1998 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 229 endorsements for Data Analysis 99+ Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 25 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Carla’s colleagues at Terenine Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 201 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Gregory Piatetsky-Shapiro and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Carla’s colleagues at Terenine Click and drag to reorder skills Segmentation See 126 endorsements for Segmentation 99+ Segmentation Endorsed by Tom Anderson and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Carla’s colleagues at Terenine Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (6) Lee Schilling President, Strike Strategic Marketing, LLC January 31, 2011, Lee managed Carla directly I worked closely with Carla at Tandus. She is a very hard worker and did a great job of helping us define new market opportunities. She also worked closely with the regional sales offices in identifying new customers. Chelena Sotraidis Sr. VP /Retired August 9, 2011, Chelena worked with Carla in different groups Carla is one of the most accomplished "numbers" professional I've ever worked with. She is able to take complicated concepts and translate them into very concrete and simple applications. Ever mindful of the bottom line and extremely results driven, she is able to transfer information from a spreadsheet and show you how it applies to your particular area of expertise. I highly recommend her. She is professional and demonstrates leadership and follow-through with everything she does. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Bhaskar Sunkari Senior Informatica Developer October 19, 2016, Carla was senior to Bhaskar but didn’t manage directly Bhaskar Sunkari is an excellent worker, he and I worked closely at Terenine in Chattanooga, TN. I would recommend him to anyone looking for excellent work!! Thank you Carla Gentry, Data Scientist at Talent Analytics Corp. Lisa Ramsey Asst. Warehouse Manager September 18, 2014, Carla and Lisa were students together Lisa is one of the most successful Warehouse Supervisor I have even met - her people love her and she has a great attitude, she is ready, willing and able to lead a team to exceed expectations and without a heavy hand (although if she has to tell you 3 times, watch out, lol) - I would hire her myself if I was in the warehouse business, there is no one out there that has her experience and know how and anyone would be a fool not to hire her if they want to have a successful warehouse! Hats off Lisa Ramsey, you ROCK!! View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Carla has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications 10 IT Leaders To Follow On Twitter Three Questions for Carla Gentry Data Scientist, Analytical-Solution Analytical Solution News Data Nerd's Corner Analytical-Solution's Data Nerd News Carla has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Scrum Product Owner Carla has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Women in Data Carla has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Scrum Alliance Interests D&B Hoover's Inc. 7,662 followers Chuy's Restaurants 2,326 followers Colin ShawColin Shaw is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO, Beyond Philosophy | Customer Experience Thought Leader | Consultancy & Training | Keynote Speaker 244,274 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,425,397 followers Walt BettingerWalt Bettinger is a LinkedIn Influencer President & CEO at Charles Schwab 147,863 followers Splash Analytics 130 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christopher has a account Christopher Berry Director, Product Intelligence CBC University of Calgary Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I turn data into product, make product more intelligent, and build teams of data scientists and engineers.If you're interested in Machine Intelligence, why not join Machine Intelligence Toronto? http://www.meetup.com/MachineIntelligence/Member of INFORMS. Former chair of the Digital Analytics Associations' Research Committee. Wrote 15+ reviews for the peer review research project. Wrote the social analytics modules for the UBC web analytics certification course. Keywords: Data Science, Machine Intelligence, Predictive Analytics, Machine Learning, PANDAS, Python, R, SPSS, Support Vector Machines, Text Analysis, Attribution, SaaS, Models, Systems Thinking, Lean Methods, Lean Startup, Research and Development, Financial Services, Transportation, Aviation Policy, Road Safety, Keyword Stuffing See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Product Intelligence Company Name CBC Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Toronto, Canada Area Making product more intelligent and scaling data driven decisions.✔ Shortened the Build-Measure-Learn cycle on multiple products.✔ Tackling the content recommendation opportunity.✔ Analytics strategy for 2014 Sochi Olympic games, 2014 FIFA World Cup, OTT, including A/V analytics on both mobile and desktop, and full mobile analytics; this was at scale: 80%+ of Online Canadians touched at least one of these experiences in 2014. Data Scientist in Residence Company Name 500px Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area ✔ Executed a s-rfm analysis; for the first time saw the linkage between strategic product management, contagion, rfm segmentation, and the financial impact.✔ Presented comparative recsys case study at eMetrics 2014.✔ Acquired Authintic in 2014. Co-Founder, Chief Science Officer Company Name Authintic Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area I turned behavioral data into consumer recommendations designed to drive conversions, loyalty and retention.✔ Developed a proprietary method for solving the cold-start problem in recommendation engines.✔ Developed a UX for integrating permission marketing and privacy into recommendation engines.✔ Developed a method for integrating CRM algorithms with graph algorithms to explain and predict consumer behavior.Acquired by 500px in March 2014 VP Measurement Science Company Name Syncapse Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Toronto Responsible for social analytics and product innovation.✔ Developed the first social analytics algorithms for explaining and predicting social media marketing performance.✔ Built the first department focused solely on measuring and optimizing social media marketing performance; led data science product development.✔ Successful engagements with Blackberry, AB InBev, The Coca-Cola Company, JP Morgan, and PCF&S. Group Director of Marketing Science Company Name Critical Mass Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Built and led a profitable Marketing Science department.✔ Planned and executed the marketing science department in partnership with Shaina Boone.✔ Reduced staff churn from 105%+ to <15% in 1 year, thereby increasing margins by over 20%.✔ Increased revenue and profits by expanding service offerings; pioneered the first social media marketing analytics programs and strategic marketing science engagements; successful engagements with NASA, Citi, Scotiabank, Gucci, SUPERVALU, Valvoline, Ferrero, Rolex, Dell, adidas, and Kaiser Permanente. See more positions Education University of Calgary Degree Name MA Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Review Editor for Peer Reviewed Journal "Innovations" Quantitative public policyAviation security, road safety Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 118 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by Lee Isensee and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Christopher’s colleagues at CBC Click and drag to reorder skills Web Analytics See 80 endorsements for Web Analytics 80 Web Analytics Endorsed by Jacques Warren and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Christopher’s colleagues at CBC Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Analytics See 49 endorsements for Predictive Analytics 49 Predictive Analytics Endorsed by 3 of Christopher’s colleagues at CBC Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (18) Reuben Segelbaum Group Account Director - Digital at DDB Canada June 11, 2012, Christopher was senior to Reuben but didn’t manage directly As is the case when asked to write a recommendation, you step back and try to assess the person asking, the relationship, and the overall feelings towards the recommendation. In the case of Chris, these thoughts are heavy and lasting.I have been fortunate to have worked with Chris. In a past role, I worked with an individual who used to say if you are going to make a claim, back it up. Well, after working with Chris, I fully comprehend the amount of work that goes into backing it up.Chris educated me on the value of applying a scientific method to measurement and analysis. He demonstrated to me, and to the clients I worked with, an aptitude to not only convey complex problem solving but how we can get there. In leading his team and coordinating with supporting departments, Chris was able to coordinate efforts so all work that goes into a clients program was lasting beyond the program, and ultimately help to justify a clients' efforts.Given the opportunity I would embrace working with Chris again. He is an incredible person and a supportive collaborator and co worker. Santhi Rao Delivery Manager at Canadian Partnership Against Cancer January 12, 2010, Christopher worked with Santhi in the same group Integrity, patience and a great sense of humour are the thoughts that come to mind when I write of Chris. Christopher and i worked on many sticky and complex projects. One that clearly stands out is where Christopher worked with distributed stakeholders across the globe, his transparent style and exceptional communication skills were essential in bringing people at all levels of the organization towards a common goal. He is a dedicated professional gets results by creative problem solving, close attention to relevant issues and bringing people together as a team. He is an adept consensus builder, with an ability to relate to a wide range of people. He makes every team he is a part of more effective by giving it cohesiveness, direction and insane enthusiasm. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Lori Jenkins Customer Success May 4, 2016, Christopher was a client of Lori’s In 2015 we executed a pretty interesting experiment at the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Could a testing culture even take root in product teams? We have a lot of products at the CBC - over 18 native apps (iOS, Android, Xbox), three CMS's, four variants of mobile web. And 7 distinct agile teams who manage to manage them all.I was lucky that Lori was assigned to my account.Lori came already aware that testing is a system of activities that becomes embedded in a culture over time. Testing isn't something that you do just once, fail to get a conference-worthy hero slide eye popping result, and rage quit. It's something that has to be set up to scale and requires a strong fail-learning tolerance. The very fact that she knew this, knew how to communicate it, and worked with me to scale it was a joy and an advantage.At no point did I feel that Lori was reading from a standardized operating procedure or a script. She knew the material cold and believed in what she was saying and doing.We had a number of really great kick-offs with various teams. We sorted which ones were most engaged and focused on those cases. She helped me build up some of the resistance to null-hypothesis returns. She brought in the right folks at the right time to educate the different types of developers and product managers we had on different teams.As of 2016, several product teams have a culture of ongoing testing. Lori was a key contributor to that success.That success and the pleasure it was working with Lori forms the basis of this recommendation. If you are an impact-oriented, driven, leader, you would be very lucky to have Lori working with you. Such people are exceedingly rare.I would hire Lori for a senior role because that would guarantee she'd be deployed against the correct problems/opportunities, and, would be able to shape a culture of iteration, learning, and performance. Simon Austin Director - Inbound Marketing, Marketing Automation, Multi-Channel Next Best Action Marketing , Big Data & Analytics November 29, 2012, Christopher worked with Simon but at different companies The state of Canadian digital analytics is better off because of Simon.When it comes to high tech, Canada can only have one nice thing at a time. Under no circumstance can Canada, ever, sustain more than one major technology company at one time. Which means, Simon, at RIM, is responsible for a non-trivial percentage of overall analytical spending in Canada.And not just for a year. But over a sustained, persistent, period of time.His influence extends from Kitchener-Waterloo all the way to Spadina and Adelaide streets in Toronto, and will often spillover into New York and Chicago.Simon works with a very heterogeneous audience within RIM, ranging from executives who want the bullet points, directors looking to build solid business cases, and some of the smartest managers looking for exploitable market cleavages. He has effectively managed an orchestra of solid lines, dotted lines, sustainably, for several years. RIM is better off because of his steady hand within digital analytics.He did this effectively, and to the benefit of the industry. A lot of people are a lot better at what they do because Simon. In many instances, he led and pushed for differentiating innovation. He's an effective collaborator. He took good risks in analytics. They paid off. This has an impact beyond well beyond RIM.Simon has a background in physics and computer science. He understands and uses the scientific method. He understands technology. He really gets the business. This, too, is particularly rare and sets him apart.The basis for this recommendation, if you're ever able to work with Simon or hire him in the future, is based on what I know he's done first hand for the quality of analytics in Canada, and what he's done for RIM over the years. View 16 more recommendations View 16 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Christopher has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Digital Analytics Association UBC, UBC Certificate in Digital Strategy Christopher has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Recommendation engines at work Setting One’s Sights: Exploring the Dynamics of Goal Selection in Road Safety Policy Christopher has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award President's Award Interests Python Community 138,809 members Pulse 1,535,190 followers Business Intelligence 61,077 members The Internet Marketing Conference (IMC) Group 5,802 members Recommender Systems 3,864 members Machine Learning Connection 46,676 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Davies, CFA Chief Strategy Officer at Arkados Group, Inc. Arkados Group, Inc. CFA Institute Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Mike is developing business strategies to address the IoT market by demonstrating the value of data collected from context-aware connected devices that enable clients to optimize asset and resource utilization including energy efficiency, traffic flow, and workflow processes. Mike began his career selling vertical market software and marketing consulting. After business school he spent 14 years on Wall Street as a financial analyst providing research and analysis on technology companies including semiconductors and wireless communication. Mr. Davies has provided business strategy and technology consulting to Apple, IBM, the Port Authority of NY & NJ, and NJ Dept. of Transportation. Analytics is a common thread through his career and his book Analytics 2 Insight on Amazon is featured in Data Science Association bookstore. Mike has been featured on CNBC, CNN, and Bloomberg with citations in the Wall Street Journal and Investor’s Business Daily See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Michael’s Articles 713 followers IoT Connected Devices Change Everything Michael Davies, CFA on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 19, 2017 See 5 more articles IoT Value Proposition for the Built Environment Michael Davies, CFA on LinkedIn Publish dateMay 25, 2016 Experience Chief Strategy Officer Company Name Arkados Group, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Newark Mike is the Chief Strategy Office for Arkados, an Integrated Software and Technology Solutions Provider for Internet of Things (IoT) Applications and Analytics for intelligent devices. Mike is developing strategies and analytics to create value for energy and resource conservation through context aware connected devices, data analysis, visual analytics and renewable energy solutions. Founder, Data Scientist Company Name Green Econometrics Dates Employed Mar 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Green Econometrics provides business process performance measurement and insight through Analytics and Data Visualization• Designing analytics for business intelligence, marketing strategy, web analytics, energy efficiency, and business process optimization including data visualization and performance benchmarking;• Implemented analytics for insight by measuring and identify anomalies in energy consumption resulting in a 17% energy efficiency improvement for New Jersey Department of Transportation;• House Subcommittee on Energy and Environment cited research by Green Econometrics covering energy efficiency analysis;• Provided energy efficiency analysis to the Port Authority of NY & NJ to select LED lighting for the Lincoln Tunnel;• Constructed predictive analytics. customer attribute and behavioral modeling used for customer propensity predictive modeling, call center optimization, process improvement. Chief Technology Officer Company Name Beneficial Holdings, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location US After founding Green Econometrics Inc. as a management consulting company with expanding roles in data science, business development and marketing, the acquisition of my company by Beneficial Holding Inc. (BFHJ) enables the company to address new market opportunities by integrating energy and environmental sensors and security technologies for enhanced efficiency and insight. BFHJ together with its acquisition of Energy Systems and Installation (ESI), a solar engineering and consulting company, is expanding the scale and scope of energy efficiency services through solar, energy storage, and LED products, as well as energy and environmental monitoring and analysis services. By equipping the built environment with context aware sensors that measure and monitor energy and environmental conditions, BFHJ will play a crucial role in optimizing energy efficiency through IoT, big data, and analytics. BFHJ plans to enhance the differentiation of solar and LEDs with device control sensors that create higher value for client by optimizing energy efficiency and improving visibility into building systems such as HVAC performance, occupancy, traffic flow and environmental conditions. Michael Davies is the Chief Technology Officer of Beneficial Holdings and is leading BFHJ’s integration of solar, LED and sensor technologies. Book on analytics: Analytics 2 Insight – Roadmap to Data Driven Operations” Analytics 2 Insight on Amazon Senior Research Analyst Company Name Next Generation Equity Research Dates Employed Dec 2005 – Mar 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Provided investment research and financial analysis covering semiconductors and components that provided the underlying enabling technology to next generation communications equipment including wireless and Internet infrastructure, graphics chips, analog-to-digital conversion, radio frequency, high voltage, and power management semiconductors. Provided valuations analysis and product price-performance measurements and reporting. Coordinated road shows between senior management of leading technology firms and investment fund managers across the country. Managing Director Company Name Investec Dates Employed Feb 2003 – Oct 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Structured the research around innovative technology and clean energy and innovative technologies related to energy. Maintained technology research towards next generation networking equipment and innovative technology trends that included clean and innovative approaches to energy. Investment research included wireless communication with companies such as Qualcomm, Motorola, and Skyworks Solutions; Internet infrastructure equipment such as Cisco Systems and Juniper Networks; innovative energy related technologies such as seismic imaging in hydrocarbon explorations, horizontal drilling, and solar photovoltaic. See more positions Education CFA Institute Degree Name CFA Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 University of California, Los Angeles - The Anderson School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics, Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1981 Activities and Societies: Plasma Physics Lab Lamont-Doherty Geophysical Volunteer Experience consulting Company Name Local small business community Provide free energy audits and recommendations to improve energy efficiency and environmental improvements Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 22 endorsements for Analytics 22 Analytics Endorsed by Sam Lexington and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 16 endorsements for Valuation 16 Valuation Patrick Hoffman and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 14 endorsements for Financial Modeling 14 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Larry Boyer, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (2) Keith Banks President, U.S. Trust, Head of Merrill Lynch & U.S. Trust CIO and Investment Solutions Group March 24, 2017, Michael was a client of Keith’s Mike is skilled at extracting insight and identifying technology trends. He provides investment research and financial models that help with decision making. Michael Irving Oracle SME April 7, 2010, Michael worked with Michael but at different companies Michael has the analytical skills to visually demonstrate insight from a financial and energy efficiency perspective. Not only knows what is available, but he is able to determine what is the best solutions for any situation. If you are interested in lowering your energy bills as well as your carbon footprint, Michael is the only person you need to speak to. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Charlie McHenry Creative Director/Sr. Counsel at Charles McHenry & Associates April 6, 2010, Michael worked with Charlie but at different companies Charlie is one of the most effective marketing communications gurus I know. Charlie is able to structure a clear coherent message from esoteric materials and systems. He has a through understanding of technology and the skills to sculpt meaning from a diverse base of subjects. Michael Irving Oracle SME April 6, 2010, Michael was a client of Michael’s Michael has a thorough command of business operations and IT. Mike has the experience with hardware and networking as well as skills in Oracle and database access. Mike can drill down into the details and develop value-added systems. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,190 followers Leadership & Management 24,848,326 followers UCLA Anderson School of Management 47,050 followers Omni-Channel Customer Experience 1,716 members Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,238,271 followers Business Analytics, Big Data, and Artificial Intelligence 182,243 members See all See all following
More Actions Jian has a account Jian Feng Chief Data Scientist at AdColony AdColony, Opera Mediaworks The Johns Hopkins University Greater Seattle Area 358 358 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Lover of Mathematics, Computer Programming and Jazz. Highlights Experience Chief Data Scientist, SVP Company Name AdColony, Opera Mediaworks Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Seattle Area Accountable for building the vision and strategy to realize the full potential of the data contained within the company for its various functions, developing and innovating cutting edge research and development of predictive models and optimization algorithms for ad targeting, serving as the technical and scientific leader for Machine Learning and advanced industry leadership in Machine Learning.1. Designed and developed mobile ad behavior targeting system based on Spark/Hbase/s3. The Hbase has 1.6 billion unique mobile devices. The software system processes billions transactions each day and calculate the most interesting ads for every device/user daily. This system has improved the click through rate over 2 times which amounts to tens of millions dollar extra income per year for the company.2. Designed and developed the first large scale user-based recommendation system that can support billions of users with daily updates. The core calculation module was implemented in C and highly optimized to get the 'close to metal' performance, which is crucial to processing the amount of data using the cutting edge algorithms.3. Designed and developed a fully automatic pipeline for cluster creation, stopping, restarting, CDH installation, storage attaching for best performance and flexibility. Architect Data Scientist Company Name SEOMOZ Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Responsible for designing and implementing algorithms for extracting information from large in-house datasets, and collecting, processing, generating metrics from web crawl of billions URLs every week.1. Designed an ensemble algorithm based on list-wise learning-to-rank method, forward neural network, linear classification methods for PA (page authority) metric, which is one of the major metric services that the company provides to its customers. Research tools were implemented in Python. Production codes were in C++. 2. Designed and developed a generalized linear model (GLM) package using Python and Numpy. The package is open sourced in github. Various regularization methods are provided in this package. The regularization, which is missing in other available python packages, can help avoid overfitting problem in machine learning model training. 3. LDA(latent dirichlet allocation) training and analysis on large wiki data. Designed an algorithm to extract similar search queries based on the LDA results. Developed a library that can be used to run LDA in Python. 4. Designed and implemented keyword search volume prediction tool. This tool is used to predict the google search volume for any given search query.5. Designed and implemented parked domain modeling to detect whether a domain is parked, which will have impact on the google (or other search engine) ranking of related domains.6. Designed and implemented automatic subdomain similarity detection for any given domain. 7. Large scale keyword categorization analysis. Keyword counts and volume for each category. 8. Designed and implemented domain spam prediction model. This tool is used to prevent the penalization from google on search result rankings on the company’s customers. 9. Designed and implemented domain automatic categorization model. Based on the data set of google search results of 17 million keywords, 900 million URLs of 13 million domains, the model inferences categories for every domain. Senior Research Software Development Engineer Company Name Globys Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Responsible for research and development on machine learning algorithms in production software, designing and building Hadoop/Hbase/Pig based large scale data pipeline to clean, transform and cluster customer data, creating tools used by data analysts to create and/or clean data sets. Senior Software Development Engineer (Researcher) Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Redmond, WA Research and development on user segmentation, clustering, lookalike modeling on user analysis.Data Mining, statistical modeling, data analysis on MS user data.Natural language processing, taxonomy matching. Research Statistician Company Name USDA-ARS Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Joint program with JHU.; Research on Probability/Statistics modeling, data mining, large data analysis. Programming in C/C++, perl. System Administrator of a Windows NT server (cluster) and a Redhat Enterprise 4-CPU Linux server. See more positions Education The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Applied Math and Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name Degree: MSE Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name Degree: MSE Field Of Study Mathematical Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 See more education Skills Machine Learning Machine Learning Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining Data Mining Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics Statistics Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Modeling Predictive Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jian has 10 publications 10 Expand publications section Publications A Parallelized Binary Search Tree Nuclear Proteomic Changes Linked to Soybean Rust Resistance Relative, Label-free Protein Quantitation: Spectral 1 Counting Error Statistics from Nine Replicate MudPIT Samples Correlation of Multiple Peptide Mass Spectra for Phosphoprotein Identification "Quantitative Proteomic Analysis of Bean Plants Infected by a Virulent and Avirulent Obligate Rust Fungus Coding DNA repeated throughout intergenic regions of the Arabidopsis thaliana genome: Evolutionary footprints of RNA silencing Combined Dynamic Arrays for Storing and Searching Semi-Ordered Tandem Mass Spectrometry Data Probability-Based Pattern Recognition and Statistical Framework for Randomization: Modeling Tandem Mass Spectrum/Peptide Sequence False Match Frequencies Probability Model for Assessing Proteins Assembled from Peptide Sequences Inferred from Tandem Mass Spectrometry Data Some Probability and Statistics Problems in Proteomics Jian has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Jian has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate Interests Association of C and C++ Users 3,489 members Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning and IoT 23,776 members Jazz Piano 8,694 members Data Science Community 15,310 members Python Data Science and Machine Learning 32,412 members Data Mining and Machine Learning 3,911 members See all See all following
More Actions David has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium David Rieken Chief Data Scientist at Aclara Technologies Aclara Technologies Washington University in St. Louis Greater St. Louis Area 220 220 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a signal processing expert with a wide-ranging background in detection and estimation, digital signal processing, and linear algebra. I have over 15 years experience in design, prototyping, implementation, and testing of signal processing algorithms with an emphasis in communications, passive sensor arrays, and radar. I am an experienced team leader with a recognized history of leading small, focused technical teams in solving difficult problems quickly and effectively.What differentiates me from many of my peers is that I prefer to take a rigorous mathematical approach to all problems I solve. In most of what I’ve done the bulk of the work has been in developing a mathematical model (usually stochastic) explaining the data as a function of unknown parameters. This model can be derived either empirically or from first principles, but should be verified experimentally before proceeding. With a good model, the algorithm usually can be derived with well-known straightforward methods.My publication record speaks to my experience, with peer reviewed papers or patents completed in most projects that I have been involved in.Specialties: statistical signal processing, power-line communications, smart grid, PHY layer comms, MIMO radar, GMTI and AMTI radar, SARsignal processing, communications, random processes, linear algebra, power systems analysis See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Data Scientist Company Name Aclara Technologies Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area Technical and managerial lead for the research and development team. Responsible for proof-of-concept studies on high-value, high-risk technologies. Primarily focused on smart grid systems. Media (1) This position has 1 media Fault detection and localization Fault detection and localization This media is a video Sr. Communications Scientist Company Name Aclara Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area Largely because of the successes in my previous position, Aclara began an ambitious project to develop a market-ready next generation PLC system. I serve as team lead for the PHY/MAC development team, which consists of 8 engineers, most with advanced degrees. I led the team in aggressively researching high-risk problems, and succeeded in solving all the major problems within the allocated time frame. Organized a team of talented engineers to work cooperatively by encouraging vigorous debate, assigning problems according to talent, and holding daily stand-up status meetings, and weekly seminars in which novel research was presented for discussion. Implemented a framework for cooperatively writing Matlab utilities using an object-oriented framework and enforcing documentation standards. Led (and participated in) research and development in PHY layer algorithms for adaptive equalization, channel coding, CDMA, OFDM, and CFAR sync detection and MAC layer research in CSMA and pre-planned user scheduling for massive multi-user access. Adjunct Company Name St. Charles Community College Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area I was the instructor for "Introduction to Circuits", a sophomore-level course in circuit analysis, for one semester. Prepared lectures, assigned and graded homework, and wrote and graded exams. I was offered the position again in 2014, but declined because my commitments at Aclara during that time period would not permit it. Communication Scientist Company Name Aclara Power-Line Systems, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Greater St. Louis Area Distribution Control Systems, Inc. (DCSI) is the manufacturer of theTWACS power-line communication (PLC) system, which utilities use for advanced metering infrastructure (AMI). I joined the research and development department at DCSI because although the TWACS technology was slower than most communication networks, I was interested in the potential for Shannon-limited communications over the power distribution network. In this period I conducted research, both independently and as technical lead, in power line channel sounding, analog hardware for capacitive coupling, and novel modulation techniques. I designed and oversaw the development of hardware and the associated algorithm for precision channel transfer function estimation, which I tested extensively on real transmission networks, some tens of miles long. I designed a system and method for passive signal transmission using a resonator circuit and a modified phase shift keying modulator. I also contributed to the IEEE P1901.2 standard for narrowband PLC. Because I recognized a lack of DSP expertise among our firmware engineers I designed and taught a series of in-house courses on practical DSP and digital communication theory, which were well received by participants. Research Engineer Company Name General Dynamics AIS Dates Employed 2002 – 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Ann Arbor, MI Veridian had acquired the remote sensing laboratory formerly known as the Environmental Research Institute of Michigan. Veridian was purchased by General Dynamics in 2003, which renamed this facility the Michigan Research and Development Center and moved it to nearby Ypsilanti, MI. As a member of the technical staff here I was responsible for writing grant proposals and conducting research on grants collaboratively with colleagues. During my four years here I contributed to many successful proposals including one on which I was the principal investigator. I was a sought after expert in signal processing, particularly statistical signal processing and detection and estimation theory, and worked on numerous contracted research and development projects in that capacity. I contributed novel algorithms in a wide-ranging field of applications including adaptive interference suppression for GPS and SAR, buried target detection, target mass estimation, foliage penetrating radar (FOPEN), and soft target GMTI. I organized and performed field data collections in support of several of those efforts and tested the algorithms on real data where available. I was also a key contributor to several PHY layer algorithms in a novel low-power MIMO wireless communications system. See more positions Education Washington University in St. Louis Degree Name D.Sc. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2002 David W. Rieken, Statistical signal processing for time-varying sensor arrays, doctoral dissertation, 2002. University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1996 David W. Rieken, An approach to interferometric imaging of a rotating sphere, masters dissertation,1996. University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Signal Processing See 20 endorsements for Signal Processing 20 Signal Processing Endorsed by Daniel Rabideau and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of David’s colleagues at Aclara Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Signal Processors See 19 endorsements for Digital Signal Processors 19 Digital Signal Processors Endorsed by 13 of David’s colleagues at Aclara Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 16 endorsements for Matlab 16 Matlab Endorsed by Saeed Mirshekari, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of David’s colleagues at Aclara Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Mike Walker Electrical Engineer July 15, 2014, David was senior to Mike but didn’t manage directly David has a talent for breaking down research topics into tractable problems and leading teams to solve them. Working as principle investigator, David would carve out challenging problems for me to work and provide latitude to hone my own problem-solving skills in the process. One of my favorite traits of David is the way he actively sought to include junior staff members in publications and briefings. These opportunities develop communication skills within the team, boost morale, and overall, are a testament to his character as a leader. Francisco DeLaRosa Senior Electric Power Systems Consultant July 10, 2010, David worked with Francisco in the same group David is an outstanding Communications Scientist. I greatly enjoyed his group discussions at DCSI involving advanced analysis of complex TWACS matters and his team-oriented research approach. I frequently interacted with him and valued d his engineering talent. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Anurag Panwar Data Scientist @ Samsung Research America September 11, 2015, David managed Anurag directly Anurag spent the summer of 2015 as an intern in my research and development group. During that time I found him to be very responsive to the team's input and diligent in his responsibilities. He is also very knowledgeable, particularly in the application of machine learning algorithms to practical problems. I anticipate he will be an outstanding computer scientist, and I enthusiastically recommend him. Mike Walker Electrical Engineer July 15, 2014, David was senior to Mike but didn’t manage directly When I first met Mike he barely knew what a Fourier transform was. By the end of our working relationship he was solving problems many PhDs I've worked with would have struggled to solve. That he was able to come so far in so short a time is evidence of his drive for self-improvement. He rarely takes the easy path. Give him his choice of several problems to solve and he will pick the hard one and work it until he solves it. Mike has made himself into a knowledgeable and skilled applied mathematician that I would not hesitate to recommend. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments David has 7 patents 7 Expand patents section Patents Detection of outbound message signals in a power line two-way communications system Point-to-point communications systems particularly for use in power distribution system Transient Detector and Fault Classifier for a Power Distribution System Mains-synchronous power-line communications system and method Agile switched-load resonating transmitter for passband power line communication Digital two way automatic communication system (twacs) outbound receiver and method Switched-load resonating transmitter for passband power line communication David has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Ultra low frequency power-line communications using a resonator circuit Generalizing MUSIC and MVDR for multiple noncoherent arrays Interests NISC 3,625 followers Sun Capital Partners, Inc. 8,040 followers Advanced Metering Infrastructure AMI 7,145 members Washington University in St. Louis 102,758 followers Data Scientists 49,117 members University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 340,731 followers See all See all following
More Actions Karthik has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Karthik Ramasamy Data Scientist Uber Columbia Engineering San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Karthik’s Activity 1,444 followers Google’s CEO is excited about seeing AI take over some work of his AI experts Karthik liked Have a GST question? Ask us! Karthik liked Backend Software Engineer - User Devices - Palo Alto, CA - Uber Karthik liked Uber hired noted AI researcher Raquel Urtasun to lead its self-driving expansion into Canada Karthik liked Uber hires Raquel Urtasun to lead a new ATG self-driving unit in Toronto Karthik liked What’s New ¶ Karthik liked See all activity Experience Data Science Manager - Account Security, Identity, and Privacy Company Name Uber Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Data Science Lead for Account Security Team Company Name Uber Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Keeping your Uber account safe from hackers! Cofounder and Data Scientist Company Name LogBase Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area • Built a SaaS product for anomaly detection on KPIs and other business metrics.• Built an IoT device for monitoring driver behavior and crash detection in taxis.• Built a real-time in-memory columnar analytic engine for log analysis that is capable of querying several GBs of in-memory data per second per core.• Designed and built a columnar in-memory format for JOSN that is several times faster and compressible than the standard row format. Chief of Big Data (Consulting) Company Name Pear Therapeutics Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area • Architected and built secure and scalable data platform in AWS for a team of neuroscientists and engineers. • Worked on data modeling and information security for HIPAA compliance. Staff Data Scientist Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Mountain View, CA Responsible for keeping the LinkedIn members safe from account takeovers. Built many data products to defend against humans and bots that are trying to take over members' accounts. While doing that, also made many improvements to reduce friction for members logging into their own account.Architecting an internal tool that needs to store and index large volumes of tracking data. PS: It's hard to give details when you work on security products :) See more positions Education Columbia Engineering Degree Name MS Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2009 PSG College of Technology Degree Name BE Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2007 Activities and Societies: IEEE student chapter, Dramatrix club Research student at Audio Processing CenterBest All Rounder Award (for academics, co-curricular, and extra-curricular achievements) by Alumni Association of PSG College of Technology at class level, 2007Best final year project award at class level, 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Hadoop See 41 endorsements for Hadoop 41 Hadoop Endorsed by Karthik Guruswamy and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Karthik’s colleagues at LogBase Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 34 endorsements for Java 34 Java Endorsed by Vishal Srivastava and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Karthik’s colleagues at LogBase Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 33 endorsements for Data Analysis 33 Data Analysis Endorsed by DJ Patil and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Karthik’s colleagues at LogBase Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (3) Ansaf Salleb-Aouissi Lecturer in Discipline at Columbia University Computer Science June 18, 2014, Ansaf managed Karthik directly Karthik Marudhachalam Ramasamy worked with me from Fall 2008 to Fall 2009 in the context of a project on epilepsy prediction. Karthik was my research assistant. Karthik demonstrated valuable skills in machine learning and signal processing when he carried out much of our experiments on Intra-cranial EEG data. We kept in touch after he joined LinkedIn and I recently invited him to give a talk to my machine learning class and here again he gave a great talk on data science @ large scale. Karthik is smart, serious and reliable. I believe that all these qualities along with his technical skills and friendly nature will serve him to be a n excellent addition to any team. Ravi Kiran Holur Vijay Data Science Leader, Curious Problem Solver October 13, 2009, Ravi Kiran and Karthik were students together It has been a pleasure studying with Karthik all these years. He is not only diligent and hard working, but also very modest about his abilities. Only by interacting with him often do we realize the immense knowledge he has at his behest. I observed that he had good problem solving skills, and more importantly, he was able to apply them to solve problems under the constraints of time. He was a good programmer in JAVA and LISP as well. I am confident that with his unique combination of excellent problem solving as well as practical programming skills, he would excel in any computer science task he takes up. All the best, Karthik ! Mike Svoboda Senior Staff Systems and Automation Engineer September 21, 2014, Karthik worked with Mike in different groups I worked with Mike for more than 4 years. During this time, he helped me in every aspect of Splunk management. He is very knowledgeable with Splunk management and automation. He was very prompt at getting stuff done and very friendly to work with even when I ask for his help in middle of the night. Hoping to work with him in the future. Suhas Anand Software Engineer - Distributed Systems at Apple May 9, 2010, Karthik and Suhas were students together Suhas is a very motivated and a skilled software engineer. He is passionate about and has good programming skills in Operating Systems domain. He always tries to finish work well before the dead-line. I had nice time working with him. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Karthik has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications Patient-Specific Seizure Detection Fro Intra-cranial EEG Using High Dimensional Clustering Error-Response Feedback for Anomaly Detection Systems Air Absorption Modeling in Detecting Gunshots Dynamic Mining of Quantitative and Categorical Attributes with Skewed Support Distribution Fast Algorithm for Mining Multilevel Association Rules Karthik has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Fortune KaMon - A Real-time Monitoring Engine on Top of Kafka EDARS - Environment Detection Assesment and Response System Karthik has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Best Outgoing Student Karthik has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Tamil Interests Shane SnowShane Snow is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Strategy Officer at Contently, bestselling author and journalist 294,510 followers Friends of LinkedIn 15,135 members Economy 15,707,173 followers MediaMath 26,349 followers NoSQL 22,179 members Deep Learning, AI, Machine Learning & Machine Intelligence 12,515 members See all See all following
More Actions David has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium David Rieken Chief Data Scientist at Aclara Technologies Aclara Technologies Washington University in St. Louis Greater St. Louis Area 220 220 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a signal processing expert with a wide-ranging background in detection and estimation, digital signal processing, and linear algebra. I have over 15 years experience in design, prototyping, implementation, and testing of signal processing algorithms with an emphasis in communications, passive sensor arrays, and radar. I am an experienced team leader with a recognized history of leading small, focused technical teams in solving difficult problems quickly and effectively.What differentiates me from many of my peers is that I prefer to take a rigorous mathematical approach to all problems I solve. In most of what I’ve done the bulk of the work has been in developing a mathematical model (usually stochastic) explaining the data as a function of unknown parameters. This model can be derived either empirically or from first principles, but should be verified experimentally before proceeding. With a good model, the algorithm usually can be derived with well-known straightforward methods.My publication record speaks to my experience, with peer reviewed papers or patents completed in most projects that I have been involved in.Specialties: statistical signal processing, power-line communications, smart grid, PHY layer comms, MIMO radar, GMTI and AMTI radar, SARsignal processing, communications, random processes, linear algebra, power systems analysis See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Data Scientist Company Name Aclara Technologies Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area Technical and managerial lead for the research and development team. Responsible for proof-of-concept studies on high-value, high-risk technologies. Primarily focused on smart grid systems. Media (1) This position has 1 media Fault detection and localization Fault detection and localization This media is a video Sr. Communications Scientist Company Name Aclara Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area Largely because of the successes in my previous position, Aclara began an ambitious project to develop a market-ready next generation PLC system. I serve as team lead for the PHY/MAC development team, which consists of 8 engineers, most with advanced degrees. I led the team in aggressively researching high-risk problems, and succeeded in solving all the major problems within the allocated time frame. Organized a team of talented engineers to work cooperatively by encouraging vigorous debate, assigning problems according to talent, and holding daily stand-up status meetings, and weekly seminars in which novel research was presented for discussion. Implemented a framework for cooperatively writing Matlab utilities using an object-oriented framework and enforcing documentation standards. Led (and participated in) research and development in PHY layer algorithms for adaptive equalization, channel coding, CDMA, OFDM, and CFAR sync detection and MAC layer research in CSMA and pre-planned user scheduling for massive multi-user access. Adjunct Company Name St. Charles Community College Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area I was the instructor for "Introduction to Circuits", a sophomore-level course in circuit analysis, for one semester. Prepared lectures, assigned and graded homework, and wrote and graded exams. I was offered the position again in 2014, but declined because my commitments at Aclara during that time period would not permit it. Communication Scientist Company Name Aclara Power-Line Systems, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Greater St. Louis Area Distribution Control Systems, Inc. (DCSI) is the manufacturer of theTWACS power-line communication (PLC) system, which utilities use for advanced metering infrastructure (AMI). I joined the research and development department at DCSI because although the TWACS technology was slower than most communication networks, I was interested in the potential for Shannon-limited communications over the power distribution network. In this period I conducted research, both independently and as technical lead, in power line channel sounding, analog hardware for capacitive coupling, and novel modulation techniques. I designed and oversaw the development of hardware and the associated algorithm for precision channel transfer function estimation, which I tested extensively on real transmission networks, some tens of miles long. I designed a system and method for passive signal transmission using a resonator circuit and a modified phase shift keying modulator. I also contributed to the IEEE P1901.2 standard for narrowband PLC. Because I recognized a lack of DSP expertise among our firmware engineers I designed and taught a series of in-house courses on practical DSP and digital communication theory, which were well received by participants. Research Engineer Company Name General Dynamics AIS Dates Employed 2002 – 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Ann Arbor, MI Veridian had acquired the remote sensing laboratory formerly known as the Environmental Research Institute of Michigan. Veridian was purchased by General Dynamics in 2003, which renamed this facility the Michigan Research and Development Center and moved it to nearby Ypsilanti, MI. As a member of the technical staff here I was responsible for writing grant proposals and conducting research on grants collaboratively with colleagues. During my four years here I contributed to many successful proposals including one on which I was the principal investigator. I was a sought after expert in signal processing, particularly statistical signal processing and detection and estimation theory, and worked on numerous contracted research and development projects in that capacity. I contributed novel algorithms in a wide-ranging field of applications including adaptive interference suppression for GPS and SAR, buried target detection, target mass estimation, foliage penetrating radar (FOPEN), and soft target GMTI. I organized and performed field data collections in support of several of those efforts and tested the algorithms on real data where available. I was also a key contributor to several PHY layer algorithms in a novel low-power MIMO wireless communications system. See more positions Education Washington University in St. Louis Degree Name D.Sc. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2002 David W. Rieken, Statistical signal processing for time-varying sensor arrays, doctoral dissertation, 2002. University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1996 David W. Rieken, An approach to interferometric imaging of a rotating sphere, masters dissertation,1996. University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Signal Processing See 20 endorsements for Signal Processing 20 Signal Processing Endorsed by Daniel Rabideau and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of David’s colleagues at Aclara Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Signal Processors See 19 endorsements for Digital Signal Processors 19 Digital Signal Processors Endorsed by 13 of David’s colleagues at Aclara Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 16 endorsements for Matlab 16 Matlab Endorsed by Saeed Mirshekari and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of David’s colleagues at Aclara Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Mike Walker Electrical Engineer July 15, 2014, David was senior to Mike but didn’t manage directly David has a talent for breaking down research topics into tractable problems and leading teams to solve them. Working as principle investigator, David would carve out challenging problems for me to work and provide latitude to hone my own problem-solving skills in the process. One of my favorite traits of David is the way he actively sought to include junior staff members in publications and briefings. These opportunities develop communication skills within the team, boost morale, and overall, are a testament to his character as a leader. Francisco DeLaRosa Senior Electric Power Systems Consultant July 10, 2010, David worked with Francisco in the same group David is an outstanding Communications Scientist. I greatly enjoyed his group discussions at DCSI involving advanced analysis of complex TWACS matters and his team-oriented research approach. I frequently interacted with him and valued d his engineering talent. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Anurag Panwar Data Scientist @ Samsung Research America September 11, 2015, David managed Anurag directly Anurag spent the summer of 2015 as an intern in my research and development group. During that time I found him to be very responsive to the team's input and diligent in his responsibilities. He is also very knowledgeable, particularly in the application of machine learning algorithms to practical problems. I anticipate he will be an outstanding computer scientist, and I enthusiastically recommend him. Mike Walker Electrical Engineer July 15, 2014, David was senior to Mike but didn’t manage directly When I first met Mike he barely knew what a Fourier transform was. By the end of our working relationship he was solving problems many PhDs I've worked with would have struggled to solve. That he was able to come so far in so short a time is evidence of his drive for self-improvement. He rarely takes the easy path. Give him his choice of several problems to solve and he will pick the hard one and work it until he solves it. Mike has made himself into a knowledgeable and skilled applied mathematician that I would not hesitate to recommend. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments David has 7 patents 7 Expand patents section Patents Detection of outbound message signals in a power line two-way communications system Point-to-point communications systems particularly for use in power distribution system Transient Detector and Fault Classifier for a Power Distribution System Mains-synchronous power-line communications system and method Agile switched-load resonating transmitter for passband power line communication Digital two way automatic communication system (twacs) outbound receiver and method Switched-load resonating transmitter for passband power line communication David has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Ultra low frequency power-line communications using a resonator circuit Generalizing MUSIC and MVDR for multiple noncoherent arrays Interests Advanced Metering Infrastructure AMI 7,145 members Aclara 3,826 followers Washington University in St. Louis 108,404 followers Washington University in St. Louis 102,758 followers Pulse 1,535,191 followers Sun Capital Partners, Inc. 8,040 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amol has a account Amol Kapila Head of Data Science at PlaceIQ PlaceIQ University of Washington Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an ambitious, hard-working individual whose academic background lies in mathematics, statistics and machine learning. I love using statistics to understand the world better and to inform decision making.Specialties: statistics, machine learning, big data See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Head of Data Science Company Name PlaceIQ Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Data Scientist Company Name PlaceIQ Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Data Scientist Company Name Paypal Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Boston, MA – Designed and implemented scalable algorithms to generate large-scale graphs of similar PayPal users. The results informed digital marketing campaigns. Datasets consisted of tens/hundreds of millions of rows.– Contributed to an open-source implementation of the locality-sensitive hashing algorithm for large-scale nearest-neighbor search. Used this to find similar PayPal users. See http://code.google.com/p/fast-lsh/.– Automated the linkage of several million Twitter accounts to PayPal accounts. This involved testing a variety of machine learning algorithms. Explored using Twitter data to acquire new PayPal users and to learn more about existing PayPal users. May publish a paper regarding this work, pending legal approval.– Explored large-scale matrix algorithms for generating recommendations for users. Graduate Student, Research Assistant Company Name University of Washington - Department of Statistics Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Seattle, WA – Contributed to the development of a novel algorithm for data clustering. Led efforts to compare the algorithm to previously existing state-of-the-art algorithms using simulated and real datasets.– Co-authored a paper titled “Clustering by Left-Stochastic Matrix Factorization,” which appeared at the International Conference of Machine Learning in 2011. Another paper is in preparation.– Co-authored a technical report on the Dirichlet distribution.– Explored methods for simulating scale-free networks. Student Researcher Company Name Research Experiences for Undergraduates at East Tennessee State University Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Johnson City, TN Conducted research in statistics and probability, and presented results at the Mathematical Association of America's MathFest 2008 conference. See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Entered as a Ph.D. student and completed all of the coursework required for the Ph.D. degree. Brown University Degree Name Sc.B., Magna Cum Laude Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Students for Liberty, Math Department Undergraduate Group Budapest Semesters in Mathematics Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2007 Study abroad program. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 24 endorsements for Machine Learning 24 Machine Learning Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Amol’s colleagues at PlaceIQ Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 16 endorsements for Statistics 16 Statistics Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Amol’s colleagues at PlaceIQ Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 8 endorsements for Algorithms 8 Algorithms Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Amol’s colleagues at PayPal Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Richard Palmaccio Math Department Chairman at Pine Crest School August 18, 2014, Richard was Amol’s teacher Amol was not only a brilliant student but exceedingly creative as well! I am not surprised to see all of his accomplishments so far in his young life. Mok Oh Vice President, Samsung Electronics, HQ October 21, 2012, Mok was senior to Amol but didn’t manage directly Mok is a great evangelist for data science. His enthusiasm is infections, and he understands the power of data mining and how important it is to modern organizations. Accomplishments Amol has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications The PlaceIQ Analytic Platform: Location Oriented Approaches to Mobile Audiences "Similarity-based Clustering by Left-Stochastic Matrix Factorization" "Clustering by Left-Stochastic Matrix Factorization" "Introduction to the Dirichlet Distribution and Related Processes" Interests Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,427 members Data Scientists 49,117 members Friends of CATO Institute 3,912 members Predictive Analytics 12,946 members Facebook 1,533,597 followers Rangespan (now part of Google) 316 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Chen Deputy Chief Data Officer @ U.S. Dept. of Commerce U.S. Department of Commerce Columbia University in the City of New York Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a statistician and a data scientist with deep technical experience in a diverse number of fields. I have deep experience with leading strategic engagements while bringing a level of statistical rigor that ensures results. Over the years, I've taken on data product development in 35 domain areas in diverse foci such as public safety and emergency services, trade economics, environmental affairs, web search engines, among others. In addition, I've led and been part of the creation of new data teams that take on some of society's toughest problems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Jeff’s Articles & Activity 23,026 followers Satellites, economics, people...and aliens?! A little tribute to xkcd Jeff Chen on LinkedIn See 3 more articles TSA opens security 'smart' lanes at JFK Jeff liked Ransomware attack expected to grow Jeff liked Amazon Economist Jobs Jeff liked See all activity Experience Acting Chief Data Officer Company Name U.S. Department of Commerce Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area I serve as the Acting Chief Data Officer/Deputy Chief Data Officer, leading the Commerce Data Service, the US Department of Commerce's data science and engineering team that designs next generation data products for public service. Adjunct Professor Company Name Georgetown University Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Teaches graduate-level data science at the McCourt School of Public Policy. Chief Data Scientist Company Name U.S. Department of Commerce Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Washington D.C. Served as the first Chief Data Scientist of the U.S. Department of Commerce and one of the founders of the Commerce Data Service, a data science and engineering team within the Office of the Secretary of Commerce. I led the CDS' efforts in tackling a wide range of initiatives from improving patent quality to prototyping new storm damage prediction models to expanding the reach of trade services across the nation, doing so through the splendors of machine learning. Media (5) This position has 5 media Previous Next LinkedIn Next Wave: Government LinkedIn Next Wave: Government This media is a link Announcing the Commerce Data Service Announcing the Commerce Data Service This media is a link Improving data usability Improving data usability This media is a link Sunlight Foundation Sunlight Foundation This media is a link First Agency Chief Data Scientist First Agency Chief Data Scientist This media is a link Data Scientist in Residence Company Name Georgetown University Dates Employed 2015 – 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Washington D.C. Metro Area As part of Georgetown University's launch of its graduate program in data analytics/science, I've had the pleasure of working with faculty and students to navigate the world of data science. During my time in-residence, I advised program faculty on program strategy and mentored endeavoring data scientists through sessions on the practice of data science. Media (1) This position has 1 media Georgetown University Georgetown University This media is a link Presidential Innovation Fellow @ NASA Company Name White House Presidential Innovation Fellows Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Washington D.C. The White House Presidential Innovation Fellowship brings high tech to government. As part of the 2014 class, I worked with NASA and the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy on the President's Climate Data Initiative, a multi-agency effort that focuses on deriving insight and solutions through crowdsourcing and data science to support climate resilience. Media (3) This position has 3 media NASA Earth Sciences - Climate Resilience Data Challenge NASA Earth Sciences - Climate Resilience Data Challenge This media is a video Meet the Fellows | Presidential Innovation Fellows Meet the Fellows | Presidential Innovation Fellows This media is a link Third Class of Presidential Innovation Fellows | The White House Third Class of Presidential Innovation Fellows | The White House This media is a link See more positions Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name M.A. Field Of Study Quantitative Methods in the Social Sciences Environmental economics and public policy; Development of spatial statistics models for applied use in policy and program evaluationThesis: "Environmental Demand and Housing Markets: An Empirical Evaluation of the World’s Former Largest Landfill" (Spatio-temporal models for impact tracking) Tufts University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics (Cum Laude) Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 57 endorsements for Statistics 57 Statistics Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jeff’s colleagues at U.S. Department of Commerce Click and drag to reorder skills Policy Analysis See 48 endorsements for Policy Analysis 48 Policy Analysis Endorsed by Monica H. Kang, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jeff’s colleagues at U.S. Department of Commerce Click and drag to reorder skills Econometrics See 32 endorsements for Econometrics 32 Econometrics Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at U.S. Department of Commerce Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (10) Hans Engler Professor at Georgetown University June 14, 2016, Hans worked with Jeff but at different companies As data scientist in residence at Georgetown University, Jeff has been a tremendous asset to our new MS program in Analytics. Since the fall of 2015 he has been sharing his vision and insights, working with our students on topics such as the analytics "Big Picture" and on communication and presentation skills in regular visits, and even bringing in Presidential Innovation Fellows for guest presentations. As the inaugural director of that program, I found his contributions immensely helpful, and I know that he has also enriched the experience of our first cohort of students in unique ways, for which they are very appreciative. Jeff has tons of energy and a unique talent for connecting to students and for firing up their enthusiasm. And he has been a solid and helpful partner for me during the challenging start of our program., for which I am very grateful Dan Hammer Senior Policy Advisor at The White House May 1, 2016, Dan worked with Jeff in different groups Jeff is a wonderful friend and brilliant data scientist. He has been a joy to work with, and I hope to work with him again sometime soon. Jeff is fluent in all dialects of data science: econometrics, programming, visualization, and communication. More importantly, however, he is empathetic and thoughtful, and yet still a strong, independent voice on a team. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Kay Kastner . February 8, 2017, Jeff was a client of Kay’s When I think back to my experiences with Columbia post-graduation, I'm always reminded of events that Kay designed, curated and hosted. Whether it was participating on speaker panels or hackathon events with fascinating problems with societal significance, Kay is a master at bringing together audiences and stakeholders with an uncommon degree of care and thoughtfulness, naturally emphasizing the key takeaways and significance to all who participate. Rumela Mitra Director, High Tech Markets/Databases at Springer Nature February 8, 2017, Jeff was a client of Rumela’s It has been an excellent experience working with Rumela to identify ways that new data science content can move the ball in the tech industry and be presented to a broader audience. Since we started to work together, I've found Rumela to be an effective connector in surfacing strategic opportunities for government and publishing industry to collaborate, accelerate the impact of open information and reach a broader audience. She has a progressive perspective for identifying content that can help build a habitual user base, thereby ensuring an enhanced audience experience in the emerging technical spaces. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Jeff has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards LinkedIn Next Wave 2016 Outstanding Recent Alumni Award Jeff has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese Italian Interests National Fire Protection Association 140,609 members Bayes Impact 1,745 followers IvyLife | Columbia 9,686 members The Economist 3,870,809 followers Georgetown University 140,097 followers BuzzFeed 166,649 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ahmed has a account Ahmed Khamassi Data Science Executive Director at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan The Open University London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Advisor to CXOs, Senior Leaders and Policy Makers- PhDInternationally experienced Business Analytics & Data Science Business Leader, expert at orchestrating and executing business critical complex data analytics applications. Acclaimed for the ability to move between strategic analysis, management consulting, hands on data science development and detailed technology design.Recognised, commercially, for analysing business processes, maximising data science and data management capabilities and creating granular, strategically focused on value added solutions to improve both performance and productivity. First class client and partner management skills, effectively leads from the front to drive through comprehensive business transformation, fostering sustainable relationships, entrenching effective change management and building robust business consultancy portfolios.SKILLS OVERVIEW:- Strategic Business Planning - Organisational Performance Reviews - Risk Analysis - Analytics System & Solution Design - Process Re-Engineering- Decisive Business/Team Leadership - Marketing & Sales Strategies - Regulatory Compliance/AML - Key Account Management/CRM - Customer Operations & HR Analytics - Thought Leadership- Change Programme Management- Financial Acumen- People Leadership TECHNICAL EXPERTISE:- Probability, Statistics; Machine Learning/ Data Mining / Predictive Analytics (Feature Engineering; Regressions; Clustering; Decision Trees; Neural Networks; SVM; Ensemble Modelling; Text Mining; NLP; Optimisation & Econometrics).- SAS; Excel; SQL (Several Flavours); R; RapidMinder; Python (and its data science libraries); MapReduce; Cypher; VB.Net; VBA ; Data management & analysis and PowerPoint.DOMAIN EXPERTISE- Banking, Insurance and Capital Markets- Consumer Goods- Retail- Telecommunications- Media & Digital - Manufacturing including High Tech- Oil & Gas, Petroleum including big data analytics applications in E&P See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Ahmed’s Articles & Activity Business Value & Analytics - The Power of Action Ahmed Khamassi on LinkedIn See all articles The Economist | Bagehot: The Marxist moment Ahmed shared this Financial Times: Germany’s Mittelstand joins revolution in big data. Ahmed shared this See all activity Experience Data Science Executive Director Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location London, United Kingdom Leading EMEA data science team at JP Morgan Investment Bank. Chief Data Scientist, Wipro Analytics Company Name Wipro Technologies Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location London, United Kingdom 1. Creating a ‘best in class’ data science team, leading the development of the Data Analytics/Discovery Platform (DADP) unifying data used in a variety of applications in a flexible cutting edge platform. Have successfully marketed the product for launch initially to the Financial Services market whilst ensuring it is adaptable to other sectors making use of converged data silos.2. Managing the Global Data Science Businesses with full team leadership and budgetary management control. 3. Driving forward opportunity identification, proposition definition and scoping and leading complex client consultations, negotiations to secure £multi-million contracts across a range of industries including Financial Services, High Tech Manufacturing, Oil & Gas and FMCG.4. As subject matter expert supporting delivery team globally, handling technical, technological and communication challenges5. Senior member of Project Steering and Governance Committees to guarantee value for money and best practice commercially across the board. VP Strategy & Consulting Company Name Intent HQ Dates Employed 2015 – 2015 Employment Duration less than a year Europe Advanced Analytics Business Head Company Name Wipro Technologies Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Led the Advanced Analytics practice, establishing its European presence by leveraging Wipro’s sales and business consultancy expertise and developing a 3 pronged approach to target high profile Financial Services, FMCG and Utilities corporations. Responsible for range of analytical applications such as customer analytics, risk & compliance, forecasting & optimisation, predictive maintenance, social media analytics and visual discovery.Built a multi-functional team of Project Managers, Delivery Analysts and Go-to-Market Consultants to provide a wrap around, comprehensive solution focused on quality solution development, sales enablement, partner engagement. Resulted in securing £multi-million contracts across industry sectors. Head of Analytics (Public Security BU) Company Name SAS Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location London, United Kingdom Led the Analytics Product and Business Development Unit for EMEA regions.Created pioneering SAS Real Time Open Source Intelligence Solution allowing organisations to identify suspicious activities and/or communities via test analytics, graph theory and predictive methods. Additionally led on the co-ordination of marketing projects to promote SAS analytical solutions and proactively drove forward the development of sustainable partner engagements with senior investigation units and officials across EMEA to develop £multi-million pipeline growth opportunities. See more positions Education The Open University Degree Name Diploma Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 The degree focuses mainly on microeconomics theories covering neo-classical, institutional, Austrian and behavioural schools.It offers an excellent introduction into econometrics modelling and analysis. The Open University Degree Name Professional Diploma Field Of Study Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Activities and Societies: BOUSA Course focus on developing a holistic approach to performance management by bringing together operational, financial, marketing and HR perspectives.It is project based to encourage the application of course content to real work situations with great impact. Queen's University Belfast Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Researcher in Residence: I lead pupils in a Belfast secondary school on a science project linked to my research. They won several awards in Ireland and the UK. Finite Element Modelling Group PhD thesis "A simplified finite element modelling methodology of welding of aerospace components".Won sponsorship from Rolls Royce to complete the project.Developed a numeric algorithm and a finite element implementation to simplify the simulation of computationally expensive welding processes.Validate empirically using Design of Experiment and statistical analysis. See more education Volunteer Experience Research Lead Company Name Research in Residence Dates volunteered Jan 2004 – May 2004 Volunteer duration 5 mos Cause Science and Technology The aim of the program is to get children interested in science and technology through hands on contribution to my research. Introduced a group of pupils to the subject of my PhD research. Organised fun activities to demonstrate basic principles of aerodynamics, material science and physics. Lead the group through a project related to my thesis. The group won best prize in Ireland, second in the UK and won recognition for their efforts, including the participation in international conferences. Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 97 endorsements for Analytics 97 Analytics Endorsed by Jacob Spoelstra and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 23 of Ahmed’s colleagues at Wipro Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science See 7 endorsements for Data Science 7 Data Science Endorsed by Mathias Golombek, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 58 endorsements for Data Mining 58 Data Mining Endorsed by Ralf Klinkenberg and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Ahmed’s colleagues at Wipro Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (16) Given (9) Maki Hatjiosef Client Director, Analytics Solutions, Intelligent Operations Centre at IBM UK Limited June 11, 2014, Ahmed worked with Maki in the same group I have had the pleasure and the honour to work with Ahmed on a number of complex and challenging customer accounts. We have always been successful in identifying the problem/s and coming up with value based unique solution/s that have delivered Business, Financial and Operations benefits. He is highly revered and respected by his colleagues and even more by our prospects and our customers. He is extremely knowledgeable and passionate about Advanced, Predictive and Prescriptive Analytics and the ultimate professional to work with. I look forward to working with him on many more opportunities in the very near future. Anuj Sharma Client Partner for Manufacturing February 24, 2015, Anuj managed Ahmed directly Ahmed is a very effective business professional, who specializes not only in Analytics, but does this deftly across industries, and builds the models end-end. Ahmed uses above to create magic with C level executives, and finally sealing it with execution. View 14 more recommendations View 14 more recommendations recommendations Adrian George Client Partner - Banking at Wipro Technologies June 19, 2014, Adrian worked with Ahmed in the same group Adrian is an excellent project director with a superb focus on the customer. I worked with Adrian on challenging projects that he managed to land expertly. He gets very close to his team and customers which gives him the ability to match expectations and to proactively make optimum decisions. He is also a very supportive and fun colleague and friend. Maki Hatjiosef Client Director, Analytics Solutions, Intelligent Operations Centre at IBM UK Limited June 12, 2014, Maki worked with Ahmed in the same group Maki has been a great colleague in friend. He is extremely supportive and a good team player. Maki focuses on the customer and strives to provide them with the right solution. He is knowledgeable in the field of data and analytics and beyond. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Ahmed has 9 projects 9 Expand projects section Projects Customer intelligence for a global CPG brand Strategic operations management Automated process to detect manufacturing defects in the high tech industry Establishing an advanced analytics COE for a global organisation Payments management for a global bank Claims Analytics Advisory Engagement on the Creation of a Risk Analytics Platform Customer Analytics in Utilities Text Mining For Social Media Ahmed has 6 languages 6 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English French German Italian Spanish Ahmed has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications CPB100 CPB101: Google Cloud Platform Serverless Data Analysis with BigQuery and Cloud Dataflow (CPB101) Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals CP100A Ahmed has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Natural Language Processing - Stanford University Ahmed has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization IET, CMI Ahmed has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Building an Analytical Roadmap Interests Financial Times 2,102,682 followers Pivotal: Data Science Group 6,502 members IoT Central 23,387 members J.T. O'DonnellJ.T. O&#39;Donnell is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO - WorkItDaily.com | HR | Recruiting | Employment | Speaker | Trainer | Career Coach | Job Search 1,807,874 followers Big Data and Analytics 330,672 members Mark MobiusMark Mobius is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, Templeton Emerging Markets Group at Franklin Templeton Investments 410,695 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Gutierrez Consultant in Data Science and Machine Learning AMULET Analytics UCLA Los Angeles, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Scientist at AMULET Analytics (www.amuletanalytics.com), providing consulting services in the data science and big data arena. Specialties: data science, data analysis, machine learning, predictive analytics, big data, computational marketing, visualization, and the R statistical environment. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name AMULET Analytics Dates Employed Jan 1995 – Present Employment Duration 22 yrs 5 mos Location Santa Monica, CA Holds the role of Data Scientist for AMULET Analytics (www.amuletanalytics.com). AMULET Analytics provides professional services in data science, data analysis, machine learning, predictive analytics and visualization for a broad range enterprises and organizations in a variety of industries. Media (1) This position has 1 media AMULET Analytics Flyer AMULET Analytics Flyer This media is a document Managing Editor Company Name insideBigData Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Westborough, MA As Managing Editor of insideBigData, Dan oversees editorial direction for the highly recognized news destination for the big data industry. Inside HPC Media operates insideHPC and insideBIGDATA. insideHPC’s crisp, uncluttered style and filtered, short format news site has grown steadily since it was launched in 2006. Today, it is one of the most popular news and information portals for stakeholders interested in High Performance Computing, supercomputing, and emerging high-end computing technologies. insideBIGDATA was launched in 2011 as a news outlet that distills news and events in the world of Big Data Analytics for data scientists, IT and business professionals. Media (4) This position has 4 media Previous Next insideBIGDATA Guide to In-Memory Computing insideBIGDATA Guide to In-Memory Computing This media is a document insideBIGDATA Guide to Retail insideBIGDATA Guide to Retail This media is a document insideBIGDATA Guide to Machine Learning insideBIGDATA Guide to Machine Learning This media is a document insideBIGDATA Guide to Predictive Analytics insideBIGDATA Guide to Predictive Analytics This media is a document Data Science Advisor Company Name Focus Motion Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Santa Monica As the company's advisor in data science, I work with the product development team in building their industry-leading human motion classifier. We're using the latest machine learning technology in the world's first SDK to track and analyze movements with wearables on any OS and any platform. Exciting gig! Media (1) This position has 1 media Focus Motion Focus Motion This media is an image Data Science Corporate Training Company Name UC Irvine Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Southern California Under the umbrella of the UC Irvine Extension data science program, I conduct on-site corporate training courses in: R programming, the data science process, machine learning. Past clients include Toyota Financial Services and Southern California Edison. Media (1) This position has 1 media SCE_class SCE_class This media is an image Big Data Blogger Company Name All Analytics Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Writes articles covering the big data computer industry as technical blogger moderator for All Analytics, an online asset of UBM (publisher of Information Week). www.allanalytics.com. Also, serves as online lecturer for A2 Academy. See more positions Education UCLA Degree Name BSCS Field Of Study Mathematics/Computer Science Activities and Societies: I had the unique opportunity of attending the same computer science department that created the Internet. Focused on computer science and mathematical statistics with a specialty in relational databases. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 30 endorsements for Data Mining 30 Data Mining Endorsed by Gregory Piatetsky-Shapiro and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 24 endorsements for Big Data 24 Big Data Endorsed by Gregory Piatetsky-Shapiro and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills R See 22 endorsements for R 22 R Endorsed by Sofia Cividini and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jeff Cohn Founder & CEO of Syndicated Maps May 22, 2011, Daniel worked with Jeff but at different companies Jeff has been a valued colleague since he was director of screening at Tech Coast Angels and he looked at a new SaaS product I was developing at the time. Since 2000, I've shared new ideas with Jeff and he has provided valuable and insightful input.On May 11, 2011, I caught up with Jeff about a brand new project I'm working on: FundaGeek.com - Crowd Funding for Technical Innovation which is a unique new entry in the crowd funding arena that is designed to help technology start-ups find much needed funding to get off the ground. He provided me such enthusiastic feedback and encouragement about my new venture that it prompted me to write this recommendation. Jeff remains a valuable confidant and sounding board for new ideas and I recommend him highly. Accomplishments Daniel has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Machine Learning and Data Science: An Introduction to Statistical Learning Methods with R Web Database Development for Windows Platforms CA-Clipper 5.2: Step-by-Step dBASE IV: Beyond the Basics Daniel has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Mathematical Society Interests Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,724 followers Pulse 1,535,192 followers University of California, Los Angeles 478,306 followers Speak Geek with The New Mart 3 members Big Data Boston Ventures 184 followers The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,576 members See all See all following
More Actions Amy has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Amy Shi-Nash, Ph.D Head of Data Science at Commonwealth Bank of Australia Commonwealth Bank of Australia The University of Reading Sydney, New South Wales, Australia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Amy is an executive leader with a proven track record of creating value and competitive advantage through data-driven culture and innovation. She has the rare combination of scientific depth, industry know-how, leadership skills and commercial acumen. As the Head of Data Science at CBA, she is responsible for driving the strategic direction of the data science capability, enable business transformation and differentiated customer experience. Prior to CBA, Amy was the founding member and Chief Data Science Officer of DataSpark, Singtel’s data analytics spin-off. Responsible for driving data-led innovation and creating new revenue steams by combining telco data with advanced analytics and big data technology. Amy is a Science Board Member of i-Com and since 2013 is Industry Track Program Committee Member of ACM KDD. She is a frequent public speaker, a co-inventor and co-author of multiple Patents and Publications. Amy holds a Ph.D in data mining, a Master in AI and an MBA.Featured articles and interviews: - Google of the GIS World: DataSpark is one of CIO Review’s 20 Most Promising GIS Solution Providers 2015. Amy talks about how innovative insight solutions can help businesses to better understand people and make more informed decisions http://gis.cioreview.com/vendor/2015/dataspark_analytics- Amy talks with the Economist Intelligence Unit about how Singtel is preparing for a ‪data‬ driven future. The digital dilemma - Singtel prepares for the future. http://dobusinessbetter.economist.com/eiu_posts/the-digital-dilemma-singtel-prepares-for-the-future/- In IDC’s Buyer Conversation: DataSpark's Journey in Establishing Analytics Business, Amy shares her practical experience and offers good reference for companies that face similar challenges or perceive similar opportunities. http://www.idc.com/getdoc.jsp?containerId=AP250913 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Amy’s Activity 5,835 followers Lift night no. 3. If you look closely you'll note the green laser that defines the centre of the pavilion. Precise and fast, that's the big idea. Strongbuild Architectus Taylor Thomson Whitting (TTW) Lipman Pty Ltd Amy liked Outstanding Women in ES event at CBA today on Personal Branding under Nick Lewins, PhD's sponsorship. Amy Shi-Nash, Ph.D shared some learnings from her journey and empowering messages about pitching ourselves, knowing our strengths, what we believe in, how to differentiate ourselves and continuously communicating. Michaela Betchley also shared some great tips to discover & build a personal brand, raise a profile and strengthen personal impact, confidence and influence through visual appearance, verbal & non verbal communication and digital footprint. Terrific session on personal style preferences and the messages they send. Lots to talk about with Laura Davey, Jovita D'Souza and Sarah Wood. Amy liked See all activity Experience Head of Data Science Company Name Commonwealth Bank of Australia Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Sydney, Australia As the Head of Data Science at CBA, Amy is responsible for driving the strategic direction and capability development of advanced analytics. Promoting data-driven decision making and innovation to improve customer experience and financial wellbeing as well as business transformation across the bank. Chief Data Science Officer, DataSpark Company Name SingTel Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Singapore DataSpark is the advanced analytics arm of Singtel. Originated from the Singtel R&D Lab in 2012, DataSpark was spun-off as an independent company in April 2014. Its’ mandate is to develop and commercialise innovative big data insight, for Singtel Group businesses and external organizations. Amy established the R&D Lab in 2012 and is a founding member of DataSpark. She is responsible for driving data-science led innovation, building a world-class data science and engineering team, and developing commercially viable insight products that empower clients in multiple industries such as retail, advertising, transportation, city planning and telecommunications. Today DataSpark has an internationally recognised team of data scientists, big data technologists, software engineers and insight consultants. DataSpark has created multiple IP and proprietary software platforms, serving a diverse range of public and private sector clients across 4 countries. Accenture Analytics and Marketing Service Company Name Accenture Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Singapore Principal Consultant Company Name Detica Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location London, United Kingdom Business Consultant Company Name Acision (LogicaCMG Telecoms) Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Reading, United Kingdom See more positions Education The University of Reading Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Master of Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Henley Business School Chartered Institute of Marketing Field Of Study Marketing Communications Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Degree Name Ph.D Field Of Study Data Mining Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 157 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by Katia Walsh, Ph.D. and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Amy’s colleagues at Commonwealth Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 146 endorsements for Management 99+ Management Endorsed by Philip Cullen MBA and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Amy’s colleagues at Commonwealth Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 102 endorsements for Strategy 99+ Strategy Endorsed by Surendra Reddy and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Amy’s colleagues at Commonwealth Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (12) Given (10) Chandresh Sanwal Data scientist and analytics evangelist August 29, 2016, Amy was senior to Chandresh but didn’t manage directly This is bit unusual for me to write recommendation for someone who I never have worked with until now, but Amy has been among quite a few professionals who are looked upon as role models for professionals like me, therefore writing recommendation for someone like her seems like a great honor in itself. Amy deserves , the credit for being inspiration for fellow analytics professionals worldwide. If one has to traverse through Amy's job history (and her achievements manifested through her interviews available on YouTube, her speaking assignments in international conferences, publications and patents), it is quite evident that Amy has taken up challenges in wide variety of business domains (consulting, telecommunications, banking etc), and set an example of being domain agnostic analytics professional and data science leader. It has always been my beleive that true analytics professionals are plug and play resources to any industry which intends to utilize data as a strategic asset and Amy's new role at Commonwealth bank from Singtel has once again proven her solid data science foundation. I wish her all the best in her endevours and may her career history continue to be the roadmap for many analytics professionals who look up to her as role model. Even though I have met Amy only once in a conference in Singapore, she will always remain one of the few all rounded data science leaders who I look forward to work with any day. Keep growing Amy ! John Bittleston Founding Mentor & CEO at Terrific Mentors International March 30, 2016, John was Amy’s mentor Amy has a rare combination of extensive technical grasp and remarkable management / leadership savvy. She is destined for the top, and rightly so. View 10 more recommendations View 10 more recommendations recommendations Chandra Sekhar Saripaka Data Architect May 4, 2017, Amy managed Chandra Sekhar directly Chandra is passionate (obsessed to be more accurate) about data engineering, technology and machine learning. Whenever I have a conversation with him, I learn something new. He is always connected (to his keyboard!) but always pushing boundaries and looking for possibilities. It was a real pleasure working with Chandra over the years building awesome data products! Vinutha Raghavendra Commonwealth Bank June 23, 2016, Amy managed Vinutha directly Vinutha is someone every team wants to have. She is passionate about telling the data story to end users. She draws picture with code. She always bring energy to the team, deliver under pressure and genuinely care about people. She is someone you can rely on as a colleague and a friend. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Amy has 5 patents 5 Expand patents section Patents Transportation Network Monitoring Using Cellular Radio Metadata Traffic Prediction and Real Time Analysis System PREDICTING HUMAN MOVEMENT BEHAVIORS USING LOCATION SERVICES MODEL KNOWLEDGE MODEL FOR PERSONALIZATION AND LOCATION SERVICES METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR GENERATING AN ACTIVITY GRID TABLE Amy has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications Internet of Things and Data Analytics Handbook A Distributed Graph Algorithm for Discovering Unique Behavioral Groups from Large-Scale Telco Data Traffic measurement and route recommendation system for Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) Next Place Prediction by Understanding Mobility Patterns KDD 2015 Amy has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations i-Com ACM SIGKDD Charactered Institute of Marketing Interests CIM | The Chartered Institute of Marketing 50,712 followers Acision Network 1,995 members Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,724 followers Brian WongBrian Wong is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Kiip, Author of The Cheat Code 512,251 followers Women in Big Data Forum 2,199 members Henley Business School - post-experience 12,207 members See all See all following
More Actions Tony has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Tony Ojeda Data Scientist | Author | Entrepreneur Follett Higher Education Group DePaul University Washington, District Of Columbia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Accomplished data scientist and entrepreneur with expertise in business process optimization and over a decade of experience creating and implementing innovative data products and solutions. I am the founder of District Data Labs, a data science education company providing hands-on, project-based learning experiences to those seeking to enhance or expand their technical and analytical skills. I also co-founded Data Community DC, a professional organization that supports and promotes data scientists and the work they do. I possess a combination of high-level skills in strategy, leadership, and management as well as tactical, analytical skills in data mining, predictive analytics, machine learning, and data product development. I can manage a team with technical expertise while also contributing to the actual solutions the team produces.I love the challenge of working on difficult problems, the satisfaction that comes as a result of solving them, learning new things throughout the process, and working with smart, ambitious, talented people.I'm originally from South Florida and now live in Washington D.C. by way of Chicago. I'm interested in almost all things involving business, entrepreneurship, technology, data, and connected devices. When I'm not busy pursuing one of my aforementioned interests, you can often find me hiking, biking, kayaking, swimming, or walking around exploring the city.Specialties: • Data Mining & Analysis• Data Science, Predictive Analytics, & Machine Learning• Business Process Optimization & Data Product Development• Entrepreneurship, Leadership, & Management• Strategy Formulation & Execution See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Tony’s Articles & Activity 1,831 followers Data Exploration with Python, Part 3 Tony Ojeda on LinkedIn See 38 more articles Just published a new blog post! Data Exploration with Python, Part 3: Embarking on an Insight-Finding Mission #DataScience #Analytics #DataViz #Python Tony shared this See all activity Experience Senior Analytics Architect Company Name Follett Higher Education Group Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Founder Company Name District Data Labs Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area District Data Labs offers hands-on, project-based data science courses and workshops designed to enhance and expand your technical and analytical skills. Co-Founder & Board Member Company Name Data Community DC, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Data Community DC is an organization committed to promoting data and statistical sciences in the Washington Metropolitan Area by fostering education, opportunity and professional development through high-quality, community-driven events, resources, products and services.• Helped establish, incorporate, and organize non-profit responsible for hosting data-related community events across the Washington DC metro area. • Contributed to strategic, operational, and sponsorship acquisition planning. • Responsible for financial management and treasury activities.• Coordinated and organized all of Data Community DC's educational offerings. Data Scientist Company Name Follett Higher Education Group Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area In this role, I use my knowledge and skills in business, analytics, and process optimization to create data solutions and automate processes. • Developed data solutions to support strategic initiatives, improve internal processes, and assist with strategic decision-making. • Used predictive analytics and machine learning algorithms to forecast key metrics for the company’s core business. • Collaborated in construction of financial models to analyze viability of new business model across several environments. • Provided data and analytical support for the company’s highest-priority initiatives. Manager, Merchandise Analysis and Control Company Name Follett Higher Education Group Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Greater Chicago Area In this role, I managed of two teams of associates and used my analytical skills to measure and report on the performance of the company's primary business unit. • Provided analytical and reporting support for $1.8 billion business unit. • Ensured prices and other product information were current and accurate in IT systems. • Automated processes to reduce labor costs and promote efficiency in operations. • Responsible for leadership, management, and development of 6 direct reports. See more positions Education DePaul University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Strategy Execution & Valuation; and Entrepreneurship Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Florida International University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2003 Florida International University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Mgmt Info Systems and Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 85 endorsements for Analytics 85 Analytics Endorsed by Larry Boyer and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 42 of Tony’s colleagues at Follett Higher Education Group Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 57 endorsements for Data Analysis 57 Data Analysis Endorsed by Jeffrey Strickland, Ph.D., CMSP and 14 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 22 of Tony’s colleagues at Follett Higher Education Group Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 43 endorsements for Strategy 43 Strategy Endorsed by 20 of Tony’s colleagues at Follett Higher Education Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (8) Christine (Cassani) McFadden President, WindmillNext August 19, 2014, Christine was senior to Tony but didn’t manage directly As a marketing strategist I often know exactly what insight I require or question I need answered to further a particular program, but I don’t always know the most effective or efficient way to get at this information. That’s where Tony came in. All I ever needed was a quick conversation with him describing the big picture need, and he immediately began to develop the best and most efficient way to manipulate the data to get the information we were looking for (often figuring out a way to get even MORE actionable data than originally discussed). Tony is one of the most creative thinkers out there…and this creativity enables him to look at data in a different way than everyone else. He’s able to see things that others miss, uncovering new insights, opportunities, efficiencies, processes… always with an eye toward furthering key business goals and strategies. I loved working with Tony and would do so again in a heartbeat. Rand N. McMullin CPA, CMA, PMP, Finance and Accounting Consultant at DLC February 14, 2013, Tony worked with Rand N. in the same group I had the opportunity to work closely with Tony on a nine month engagement involving the creation of several complex financial models. Tony provided creative and unique solutions in generating and analyzing data from multiple sources. Through our frequent interactions I learned to trust Tony's judgment and deeply respect his skills in querying data and in data analysis. His reservoir of technical knowledge has been built over many years of diligent study and application. Just as important, Tony was easy to partner with, proactive in identifying solutions, responsive to deadlines, and a very strong player in group discussions. Tony has strong skills in thought leadership and was often the first person to see issues and recommend solutions. I learned a lot from Tony and I hope we have the opportunity to work together again! I highly recommend him. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Gianna Capezio Software Engineer August 23, 2015, Tony managed Gianna directly I had the opportunity to work closely with Gianna while she interned for us at District Data Labs. During that time, she showed tremendous initiative, a passion for learning data science, and an ability to get things done well and in a timely manner. I was impressed with her ability to work independently, collaborate and follow up with others, and do whatever it took to get a project completed. In addition to all this, she’s extremely personable, learns very quickly, and always seems to know what questions to ask when clarification is necessary. Gianna has a bright future ahead of her, and I would highly recommend working with her if you get the chance. Chris Beazley Analytics Manager at MediaVest October 14, 2014, Chris worked with Tony in the same group Chris is an amazing manager and analytics professional. I was fortunate enough to work closely with him for several years at Follett, developing analytical reports, models, and processes. Chris has a talent for quickly identifying and understanding business problems, foreseeing related ones on the horizon, and putting together quality solutions that accomplish all the necessary business objectives. I saw his process in action dozens of times, and I was always impressed by what he managed to deliver. Chris was also very willing to help others when it came to brainstorming solutions to obstacles they encountered. He was there for me many times when I'd be stuck on a difficult problem and needed to talk through potential solutions or get a different perspective. This is absolutely critical when doing quality analytical work, and he was a fantastic partner for this. I would love to work with Chris again in the future, and I would highly recommend him to anyone who is considering working with him as well. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Tony has 21 courses 21 Expand courses section Courses Commercial Banking Consumer Behavior Corporate Finance and Capital Budgeting Database Management E-Marketing Financial Markets Financial Modeling Financial Risk Management Management of Innovation and Technological Change Marketing Strategy Tony has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Data Exploration with Python, Part 2: Preparing Your Data to be Explored Data Exploration with Python, Part 1: Preparing Yourself to Become a Great Explorer How to Transition from Excel to R: An Intro to R for Microsoft Excel Users Practical Data Science Cookbook Interests Business Analytics, Big Data, and Artificial Intelligence 182,244 members Uber 601,242 followers SageBourse 11 followers Machine Learning in eCommerce 3,575 members Predictive Analytics World 4,941 members Natural Language Processing 14,888 members See all See all following
More Actions Tariq has a account Tariq Khokhar Senior Data Scientist at The World Bank The World Bank University of Cambridge Washington, District Of Columbia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Tariq Khokhar is the World Bank's first Data Scientist. His interests lie where technology, transparency, poverty and data meet. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Tariq’s Articles & Activity 1,379 followers The future of the world’s population in 4 charts Tariq Khokhar on LinkedIn See all articles Between 2 Geeks: Episode 7 - The Future of Data? (Cape Town Edition) Tariq shared this Chart: Where is it Easiest to do Business Within Afghanistan? Tariq shared this Between 2 Geeks: Episode 6 - Collecting data with surveys is easy, right? Tariq shared this See all activity Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name The World Bank Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Global Data Editor Company Name The World Bank Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Data Scientist Company Name The World Bank Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Open Data Evangelist Company Name The World Bank Dates Employed Jun 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Aidinfo - Technology Innovation Analyst Company Name Development Initiatives Dates Employed May 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo See more positions Education University of Cambridge Featured Skills & Endorsements International Development See 82 endorsements for International Development 82 International Development Endorsed by Aleem Walji and 23 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 27 of Tariq’s colleagues at The World Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Social Entrepreneurship See 22 endorsements for Social Entrepreneurship 22 Social Entrepreneurship Endorsed by 9 of Tariq’s colleagues at The World Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Data Visualization See 3 endorsements for Data Visualization 3 Data Visualization Endorsed by 3 of Tariq’s colleagues at The World Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (2) Alexandra Pollitt Research Fellow at The Policy Institute, King's College London January 6, 2010, Alexandra was a client of Tariq’s Working with Tariq was a pleasure. Both his technical and management skills were vital for the success of our project, and as the project needs changed, his ability to develop creative solutions to meet them proved invaluable. Throughout the project Tariq maintained a clear view of the bigger picture, ensuring that decisions were made with the overall aims in mind. I would jump at the chance to work with him again in future! Neil Jennings Founder, Accounting for International Development (AfID) December 9, 2009, Tariq was a client of Neil’s Tariq and Aptivate as an organisation listened patiently to our needs and gave us good, practical advice at a difficult time in our development. Qualities that were very much appreciated. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Kevin Burden Media Development Consultant December 8, 2009, Kevin worked with Tariq in the same group I've worked with Kevin on the PATHS2 project for DFID in Nigeria and the UK. His skills as a journalist, trainer and manager were vital in assessing and building media and communications capacity within the Ministry of Health. He's one of the most personable, considerate and insightful people I've worked with. Kevin has several lifetimes worth of experience, quickly wins the respect of those around him and is tremendous fun to spend time with. I can't recommend him enough! David Cottingham Director, XenServer Product Management & Partner Engineering at Citrix February 18, 2009, Tariq and David were students together David and I were on the same team in a course project. He was central to our success - a natural facilitator and clear "big picture" thinker with strong technical skills. He is a pleasure to work with and I have no hesitation in recommending anyone else to do the same. Accomplishments Interests Research, Methodology, and Statistics in the Social Sciences 134,358 members Appropriate Technology 1,279 members Open Data Innovations Network 2,665 members Sustainable International Development & Sustainability 52,801 members Qlik FinServ 739 members University of Cambridge 327,507 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lex has a account Lex Daniels Co-founder of Relive Relive.cc Technische Universiteit Delft / Delft University of Technology The Hague Area, Netherlands 494 494 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Relive is hiring!Do you have strong engineering, product & team skills? We're forming our initial team and are looking for developers / tech leads in backend / frontend & mobile.Ready for an adventure? Check https://www.relive.cc/jobs Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Lex’s Activity 495 followers According to Developers, these are 30 popular companies to work for in The Netherlands Lex liked Meet Relive, a startup that uses data to turn your outdoor activities into 3D animated videos Lex liked a comment App Lets Cyclists Relive Adventures on Esri World Imagery Maps Lex shared this See all activity Experience Co-founder Company Name Relive.cc Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Amsterdam Area, Netherlands Relive creates engaging data visualizations for sports activities. Our first product, Relive.cc, lets users turn their rides into a beautiful video.Example: https://www.relive.cc/view/550186119 Data Scientist Company Name ABN AMRO Bank N.V. Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Amsterdam Area, Netherlands Data Scientist Company Name ORTEC Consulting Group Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location The Hague Area, Netherlands Education Technische Universiteit Delft / Delft University of Technology Degree Name Msc Field Of Study Systems & Control Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Helsinki University of Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 Technische Universiteit Delft / Delft University of Technology Degree Name Bsc Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2011 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 11 endorsements for Matlab 11 Matlab Endorsed by 3 of Lex’s colleagues at ORTEC Consulting Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 7 endorsements for Data Analysis 7 Data Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Lex’s colleagues at ORTEC Consulting Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 6 endorsements for Data Mining 6 Data Mining Endorsed by 2 of Lex’s colleagues at ORTEC Consulting Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Lex has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Teradata SQL Advanced Scalable Machine Learning Introduction to Big Data with Apache Spark Rapid-I Analyst Lex has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Online Learning for Optimistic Planning Optimistic Planning for Continuous-Action Deterministic Systems Lex has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project CCET Modelling Interests Gezelschap Leeghwater 988 members Delft University of Technology 20,559 members Big Data Alliance 133 followers Relive.cc 94 followers ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 196,569 followers Pulse 1,535,195 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lex has a account Lex Daniels Co-founder of Relive Relive.cc Technische Universiteit Delft / Delft University of Technology The Hague Area, Netherlands 494 494 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Relive is hiring!Do you have strong engineering, product & team skills? We're forming our initial team and are looking for developers / tech leads in backend / frontend & mobile.Ready for an adventure? Check https://www.relive.cc/jobs Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Lex’s Activity 495 followers According to Developers, these are 30 popular companies to work for in The Netherlands Lex liked Meet Relive, a startup that uses data to turn your outdoor activities into 3D animated videos Lex liked a comment App Lets Cyclists Relive Adventures on Esri World Imagery Maps Lex shared this See all activity Experience Co-founder Company Name Relive.cc Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Amsterdam Area, Netherlands Relive creates engaging data visualizations for sports activities. Our first product, Relive.cc, lets users turn their rides into a beautiful video.Example: https://www.relive.cc/view/550186119 Data Scientist Company Name ABN AMRO Bank N.V. Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Amsterdam Area, Netherlands Data Scientist Company Name ORTEC Consulting Group Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location The Hague Area, Netherlands Education Technische Universiteit Delft / Delft University of Technology Degree Name Msc Field Of Study Systems & Control Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Helsinki University of Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 Technische Universiteit Delft / Delft University of Technology Degree Name Bsc Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2011 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 11 endorsements for Matlab 11 Matlab Endorsed by 3 of Lex’s colleagues at ORTEC Consulting Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 7 endorsements for Data Analysis 7 Data Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Lex’s colleagues at ORTEC Consulting Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 6 endorsements for Data Mining 6 Data Mining Endorsed by 2 of Lex’s colleagues at ORTEC Consulting Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Lex has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Teradata SQL Advanced Scalable Machine Learning Introduction to Big Data with Apache Spark Rapid-I Analyst Lex has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Online Learning for Optimistic Planning Optimistic Planning for Continuous-Action Deterministic Systems Lex has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project CCET Modelling Interests RapidMiner Support Center Benelux 433 members Delft University of Technology 20,559 members ORTEC - Optimize Your World 8,002 followers edX 129,217 followers Relive.cc 94 followers Analytics Marketplace 235 members See all See all following
More Actions Data has a account Data Scientist Data Scientist at Freelance Freelance Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Freelance Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,196 followers
More Actions Stefanos has a account Stefanos Poulis Data Scientist NTENT University of California, San Diego Greater San Diego Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am computer scientist and statistician. These days, this is called a data scientist. Over the past decade I have developed a variety of analytical solutions including data de-duplication, sales drive models, campaign optimization, recommendation systems and large scale text analytics. Academically, I work in algorithmic statistics and machine learning. My research is somewhat theoretical in nature, but is motivated by real world problems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Consulting Data Scientist Company Name NTENT Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Carlsbad Consulting Data Scientist Company Name Neiman Marcus Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Sr Data Mining Analyst Company Name Petco Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater San Diego Area Education University of California, San Diego Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2015 University of California, San Diego Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 University of Northern Colorado Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Sport Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 63 endorsements for Data Mining 63 Data Mining Endorsed by T. Scott Clendaniel and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Stefanos’ colleagues at NTENT Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 55 endorsements for Statistics 55 Statistics Endorsed by Jeffrey Strickland, Ph.D., CMSP and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Stefanos’ colleagues at NTENT Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 53 endorsements for Machine Learning 53 Machine Learning Endorsed by Zachary Chase Lipton and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Stefanos’ colleagues at NTENT Click and drag to reorder skills View 37 more View 37 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Patagonia 127,635 followers University of California San Diego 208,164 followers Text Analytics 26,257 members Sole Technology 8,095 followers Nike 1,193,755 followers Microsoft Advanced Analytics 13,209 followers See all See all following
More Actions Harpreet Singh Dua, has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Harpreet Singh Dua, Chief Data Scientist Sr. Professional from Industry_over 20 Years of Exp BDS Academy of Applied Business & Data Sciences St. Francis Convent School Amritsar, Punjab, India 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent (*) Program & Project Management | End to End Project Implementations | Business Advisory. (*) Extensive experience in SAP | ERPs | CRM | Business Consulting | Data Science & Business Analytics. KEY CAPABILITIES===============A. Program and Project Management B. BIG Data , SAS, SAS STUDIO, SPSS, R, R Studio, Tableau, Advanced ExcelC. Data Centers & IT Services Management D. Business Analysis ( SME – Manufacturing )E. ERPs, SAP, CRM, POS, BI, AS/400 F. Incident, Change, Problem ManagementG. Processes Alignment, Re-engineering & Automation H. Team Collaboration and Leadership Skills(*) On a distinguished panel of elite Times Group, regularly writes articles in Economic Times ( Small Biz Segment ) as an expert contributor on Business and Technology. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Harpreet Singh Dua,’s Articles & Activity 9,524 followers Taking advantage of Big Data: A way forward to becoming big from small Harpreet Singh Dua, Chief Data Scientist on LinkedIn See 4 more articles #Big #Big Data #Data #Google #Facebook #Blogging #Whatsapp #Snapchat #Instagram #Small #ERP #SCM #CRM #Analytics #Smart #SMEs #Leader #Social #Business #Partners #Enterprises Harpreet Singh Dua, shared this See all activity Experience Chief Data Scientist Company Name BDS Academy of Applied Business & Data Sciences Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos  Conducting Corporate Trainings , Seminars & Workshops on diverse subjects ranging from :A. Data Sciences & Business Analytics:i. R | R Studio |R Data Miner( Ver 3.3 ) - Statistical Info graphics & Data Analysis ii. Basic Python (Ver 3.5.2)iii. SAS | SAS Studio ( Ver 9.0) - Statistical Analysis Software Suiteiv. IBM SPSS Statistics (Ver.23) - Analytics & Statistical IBM Software v. Tableau ( Ver 9.3, 10.0 ) - Data Visualisation BI Applicationvi. RATTLE (Ver.4.1) - R Data Mining and Analytical GUI Interfacevii. SQL & Data Queries - ETL Process and Conceptsviii. Usage of advanced Excel ( with Addin XL Miner ) for Business Analysis & Modelling ix. BIG Data, Data Visualisation & Statistical Analysisx. Descriptive, Predictive & Prescriptive Business Analytics & Statistical TechniquesB. Program | Project Management | LIVE Industry Projectsi. Business Analysis and End to End Industry Consulting Solutions and Servicesii. SAP | ERPs | CRM | POS | BI | Enterprise Applicationsiii. IBM AS400 (iSeries) Mainframe – System Administration, Data Queries using Query400, SQL400, CL400, RPG400iv. Industry Best Practices & LIVE Implementation ScenariosFreelance Business Writer : Regularly writes articles in Economic Times ( Small Biz Segment ) as subject matter expert on Business and Technology. Media (2) This position has 2 media Data Science Certification- SAS BASE PROGRAMMER Data Science Certification- SAS BASE PROGRAMMER This media is a document Data Science Certification with R, SAS and Advanced Excel Data Science Certification with R, SAS and Advanced Excel This media is a document General Manager Company Name . Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Amritsar Area, India • Overall In-charge of District Citizen Centric Services, District level• Enhance experience of Applicants at Modern Citizen Centric Service Centres • District In-charge for DIGITAL INDIA furthering the initiatives of GOI. Successfully managed launched umbrella programme of DIGITAL LOCKER ON CLOUD. • Instrumental in framing policies for Digital Infrastructure as utility for citizens, Governance & Services on Demand , Digital Empowerment to Citizens, Universal Digital Literacy, Universally accessible digital resources, Multilingual Docs to be available on cloud, Collaborative digital platforms, portability on cloud and Analytics.• Responsible for Government Business Process Re-engineering using IT to improve transactions: Forms Simplification & reduction ,Online applications and tracking, Interface between departments.Use of online repositories e.g. school certificates, voter ID cards, etc., Integration of services and platforms – UIDAI, Payment Gateway, Mobile Platform, EDI. Usage of Advanced Excel (incld XL Miner ) for Data Analysis and advanced Modelling. • Successfully incorporated Public Grievance Redressal System - using IT to automate, respond, analyse data to identify and resolve persistent problems – largely process improvements• Headed Aadhaar (UIDAI) as District Coordinator• Technical Coordination between State Govt & District Administration• Headed District Level New IT Initiatives and providing Tech Know How • Implementation of Mission Mode Projects ( GOI )New eGovernance Project Initiatives• Usage of Advanced Excel for Business Analysis and advanced Modelling. • Successfully implemented Web Suwidha / eOffice/ eDistrict Projects • Honoured by way of Appreciation Letters, TWICE by DC, Amritsar for successfully organising and managing Media Centre and IT initiatives at state level programmes. Media (3) This position has 3 media Appreciation Letter - Deputy Commissioner Sh. P.Sabharwal Appreciation Letter - Deputy Commissioner Sh. P.Sabharwal This media is an image Appreciation Letter - Deputy Commissioner Sh.Ravi Bhagat Appreciation Letter - Deputy Commissioner Sh.Ravi Bhagat This media is an image Punjab Governance Reforms Commission Punjab Governance Reforms Commission This media is a link Head of IT Department Company Name International Textile Group Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location India • Sketching the way forward IT Strategy, with a focus on shaping and creating tech savvy establishment, fueled by intelligence information.• Spearheaded enhancement & advancement of existing SAP Solution & IT Applications.• Responsibility for Ordering, acquisition & inventory maintenance of Hardware & Maintenance of Software / Applications running across group. • Standardised framing & Audit of IT Policies incld ensuring Software / Systems Licences Compliance.• Formalised Daily, Weekly, Monthly & Yearly backup procedure framed and executed as per Best Industry practices besides putting Disaster / Risk Management Methodology to practice. • Accelerated Re-structuring of Infrastructure with efficient Vendor Management incld outsourcing /sub-letting of Services.• Chaired Steering Committee Meetings to review strategic goals , initiatives & progress.• Influenced revamping of IT Deptt including defining positions & roles, finalising Job descriptions, defining KRAs, short listing candidates, conducting technical interviews and supporting HR in final recruitment process.• Negotiating AMCs with Vendors/ Service Providers with minute coverage of service & technical details, in the interest of the organisation & timelines standards.• Tableau Desktop Analytics (Ver 6.0): Developed Explanatory Graphics, Exploratory Dashboards and done numerous Data Stories with insights on Sales & Marketing, Inventory, Operations and Procurement. SAS and SAS Studio : Combining Data Analysis with Visualisation. • Ensuring 100% uptime of all IT facilities incld Communication Networks, Business Systems, Servers, Operating Systems, Critical Applications & Softwares, Wireless Connectivity.• Transformed MIS System for the organisation as a whole by inculcating a habit of Online Working, Paper-less environment, removing un-necessary / redundant / duplicate churning of Reports, clubbing of and merging of critical information of Decision Makers. Project Manager Company Name NISG Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location New Delhi Area, India • Instrumental role in RFP Preparation, Bidding, Contracts & Agreements incld Process Advisory and Design layout.• Set up of PMO, Data Center, Infrastructure Management, Hardware sourcing, Network Planning and Recruitment. • Complete Control and Monitoring of Change Management via Maintaining Logs, doing Impact analysis, Effort Estimation, Delivery Schedules, Prioritizing and getting Sign offs.• eGovernance ( Govt of India – Ministry of Commerce & Industry – Udyog Bhawan , New Delhi – eBizz -Mission Mode Project) : Minute Project Vetting incld. Functional & Technical Specs.• Actively involved in Government Process Re-engineering & Change Management, exercise.• Set-up of “Disaster Management Group” to curtail and reduces risks against unforeseen eventualities and unpredicted business critical mishaps.• Framing Vendor’s Service Level Agreements (SLAs) Management.• Headed - SAP Program Management Group, Implementation & Support Services.• Visited & Guided IIM- Ahmedabad as an External Consultant to provide high tech solution for modernizing of class rooms / tech savvy learning environment. IT Helpdesk Manager Company Name Markinson Business Solutions Dates Employed Mar 2007 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Melbourne, Australia • Led a Project Team for company’s first SAP Implementation venture on SAP SD & CRM. Agile Methodology adopted for implementation.• Mentored SAP focus and merged competence in POS Applications. Took Pre-Sale initiatives , Developed & Trained in-house Team on SAP. Was successfully able to convert at least TWO prospects into contracts for SAP ECC 6.0 implementations. • Within First Three Months, shaped the entire complexion of Helpdesk Services, with encouraging feedback from customers. Personally interacted with clients, across multiple businesses and across multiple geographic locations.• R Programming Language(Ver 2.0):Extensively used Software for graphs plotting, Analytics on Marketing & Quality Management. • Quality Assurance Deptt completely revamped bringing in more structured systems in Software Testing by way of Virtual Testing, Design-Code & Unit Testing, ensuring & identifying Necessary & Correct Testing Plans. Thorough Testing, accounting for Scenarios, Integrations, Systems and User Acceptance testing methodologies. See more positions Education St. Francis Convent School Degree Name High School Field Of Study Science, Maths Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1985 Activities and Societies: Umber House Convent Schooling Media (1) This position has 1 media St. francis school amritsar St. francis school amritsar This media is a link School of Management- New Delhi Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1998 MBA ( Systems and Finance ) GNDU, School of Punjab Eco & Business Degree Name Master of Science (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Applied Business Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1991 M.Sc ( Hons. School ) See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Project Management See 115 endorsements for Project Management 99+ Project Management Endorsed by Puneet Kaur Kohli and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Harpreet Singh Dua,’s colleagues at NISG Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management See 158 endorsements for Program Management 99+ Program Management Endorsed by K M Chaudhary and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Harpreet Singh Dua,’s colleagues at NISG Click and drag to reorder skills Business Advisory See 2 endorsements for Business Advisory 2 Business Advisory Ganesh Pandian Subramanian and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Rajiv Nandi Delivery Executive - NA Cluster Accounts April 5, 2016, Rajiv was senior to Harpreet Singh Dua, but didn’t manage directly HPS worked with me for an ERP implementation project at Vardhman Spinning. He was working on TIM (Textile Mfg ERP) for 2 years from the client location. I found himself as very passionate in picking up the new ERP and helping the client to implement in its various manufacturing units. He possesses a very calm and balanced attitude in managing the long tenured project. His dedication towards client success made him an integral part of client team. In short he was instrumental in making the roll out seamlessly successful for Vardhman.I wish him all the best in all his future endeavors. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Harpreet Singh Dua, has 18 projects 18 Expand projects section Projects eOffice Digitalisation eDistrict Public Grievance Redressal System Web Suwidha SAP New Dimension Modules Implementation / MRP_Legacy System Integration Tableau Desktop Analytics (Ver 6.0): eBiz Shopkeeper (Point of Sales ) Data Visualisation R Programming Language(Ver 2.0) Harpreet Singh Dua, has 15 certifications 15 Expand certifications section Certifications Art & Science of Data Visualisation Data Science Project Managment Data Visualization in Data Sciences R Package DPLYR and Data Analysis R Programming, R Package ggplot2, Simple Linear Regression SWOT Analysis Statistics with R R for Data Science Data Science with R, SAS and Excel SAS Base Programmer Harpreet Singh Dua, has 7 publications 7 Expand publications section Publications Taking Advantage of BIG DATA :A way forward to becoming Big from Small Planning for the future: How predictive business analytics can be a game changer for SMEs Making sense of information: Why MSMEs should try data visualisation Why MSMEs should manage their Digital Assets ERP Implementation : Top FIVE challenges for SMEs Fraud analytics: Tech can make fraud detection affordable for SMEs College Magazines, Corporate Training Material, Webiste Conent Writing Harpreet Singh Dua, has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Accredited ICT Senior Professional Business Development Program Certified IT Manager Permanent Resident - Australia Harpreet Singh Dua, has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French German Harpreet Singh Dua, has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Convent Schooling Harpreet Singh Dua, has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Australian Computer Society, New Zealand Qualification Authority, IIBM, Quality Assurance of India Interests Cardtronics 5,325 followers Marlabs Inc. 10,422 followers OSSCube 8,499 followers Technology 20,768,917 followers CIO Forum 222,832 members Brillio 28,824 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ben has a account Ben Medler Director, Player Data Steward at Electronic Arts (EA) Electronic Arts (EA) Georgia Institute of Technology San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My work revolves around Data UX, understanding how engineers, data scientists, game developers and players create and use data. By combining my work in game analytics, data visualization and design I create proof of concepts, tools and reports that enhance the understanding of our data systems and the information we gain from analyzing our players. I currently the Player Data Steward within EA's Global Analytics and Insights group, a group combining the areas of Data Science, User Research, Business Intelligence, and Consumer Insights. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Player Data Steward Company Name Electronic Arts (EA) Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Redwood, CA Leading the Player Data Steward team within EA’s Global Analytics and Insights group. My team’s responsibilities include:1) Monitor and optimize processes for identifying, reporting, fixing and mitigating data quality issues involving player data from all of EA’s titles and services.2) Investigate new player data sources and define processes for collecting, storing, analyzing and reporting on the data.3) Drive executive and portfolio level data initiatives that range from reporting on EA’s portfolio of titles and services, creating targets/forecasts for executives and teams, providing metrics for public investor relations and creating materials for EA’s board of directors.4) Partner with analytic teams to on-board new analysts/data scientist and help create education material for all EA teams detailing our player data/systems. Senior Visualization Data Scientist - Team Manager Company Name Electronic Arts (EA) Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Redwood City, Ca. Within EA's Global Analytics group I work as a visualization designer, tools developer and data engineer for the largest analytics group at EA. My responsibilities include:1) Managing a team that produces proof of concept projects, works with our engineering teams to scale our work, handles data profiling of our data systems and curates documentation for the 100+ Global Analytics group.2) Driving two executive level initiatives: the Core Player Metrics and Player Network Metrics. For these projects I: investigate and define metric definitions, lead data governance efforts regarding the metrics, communicate visions and targets to stakeholders, design interactive visualization tools for exploring the metrics, and creating regular analytic reports covering insights gained to exectives and the board of directors.3) Designing customized interactive visualizations for multiple stack-holders using data from an individual games through our entire games catalog.4) Analyzing player data related to gameplay and purchasing behavior to highlight trends and patterns as players move from one game to the next (e.g. how do players engage with our franchises across multiple titles and platforms).5) Consulting on projects where I help design and reviewing data visualizations while aiding teams as they craft data stories that cover their analytic insights. Advisor Company Name Gondola.io Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Advising Gondola.io on data visualization and game analytics. This is separate from my current position at EA. Senior Quantitative Analyst Company Name Electronic Arts (EA) Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Redwood City, Ca. Working on projects related to game fraud within EA's Business Operations group: creating visualization tools, analyzing player data and working as a liaison to our game teams.The position has required me to:1) Build architectures that connect various databases and data sources together, including multiple SQL DBs, flat files and web portals.2) Analyze players using gameplay, transaction and account data to discover patterns of behavior within single games and across multiple games (e.g. how do players jump around multiple F2P titles, or how often do player IPs change over time).3) Create player models for identifying both good and bad player behavior using various data mining techniques such as regression analysis, clustering and decision trees to classify players.4) Develop production level code and systems that monitor and act upon player data within our in-house risk decisioning system.5) Act as a liaison between game teams and our operations group, working with development and analytic groups to combine their various data sources. Technical Analyst Company Name Electronic Arts Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Redwood City, Ca. I worked on R&D projects related to streaming games and second screen experiences at EA's Chief Creative Office. Also provided analytic and visualization support to Waystone Games for their game, Dawngate.During my time at the Chief Creative Office I worked on the following projects:1) Games Streaming Service - The team built a brand new game streaming service for investigating how EA games could be delivered on TV platforms using commonly owned hardware such as set-top boxes and tablets. The major feature of the service was every game had a unique tablet controller and every game was altered to make use of the touch controller interface. I was in charge of analyzing the players we acquired, helped alter games to make them ready for our service and ran design research experiments to help with the UX of the service. This included:a) Administering surveys and conducting user studies with current and potential customers of the streaming service. Five major user study sessions were conducted over the course of the project, with over 50 participants.b) Adding telemetry hooks directly into a games source and making game modifications (e.g. removing UI or altering game mechanics) to better suit our tablet control scheme.c) Analyzed player and system data we received from the service. I created reports around acquiring and retaining players, how players performed in our games and the spending habits of our players.2) Game Analytic Advisor - Worked as an advisor for game teams regarding their game analytic efforts. I built visualization prototypes and stepped teams through the data they needed to collect in order to run typically game analytic reports, such as churn analysis, game balancing and price point analysis.3) Companion App Development - Helped structure and design the player profile portion of the Need for Speed: Rivals companion app which visualizes player data from the game. See more positions Education Georgia Institute of Technology Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Digital Media, Games Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Adam Lab, EGL Media (1) This position has 1 media Play With Data - An Exploration of Play Analytics and its Effect on Player Experiences Play With Data - An Exploration of Play Analytics and its Effect on Player Experiences This media is a document Michigan State University Degree Name M.A. Field Of Study Digital Media Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Spartasoft, GEL Lab Michigan State University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Human Computer Interaction See 19 endorsements for Human Computer Interaction 19 Human Computer Interaction Endorsed by Marina Kobayashi and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ben’s colleagues at Electronic Arts (EA) Click and drag to reorder skills Usability Testing See 13 endorsements for Usability Testing 13 Usability Testing Endorsed by 2 of Ben’s colleagues at Electronic Arts (EA) Click and drag to reorder skills Data Visualization See 12 endorsements for Data Visualization 12 Data Visualization Endorsed by 4 of Ben’s colleagues at Electronic Arts (EA) Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ben has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Conceptually Meaningful Metrics: Inferring Optimal Challenge and Mindset from Gameplay Play With Data - An Exploration of Play Analytics and its Effect on Player Experiences Gaming Mindsets: Implicit Theories in Serious Game Learning Interests Michigan State University 358,640 followers Electronic Arts (EA) 283,792 followers Casual Games 25,742 members Michigan State University 347,175 followers Georgia Institute of Technology 201,175 followers Gondola.io 39 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christopher has a account Christopher Myers Director of Continuous Improvement at Starbucks Starbucks The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent MBA graduate with over 29 years of progressive experiences in process improvement, strategy development, and project management within supply chain, engineering, field service, and marketing. Proven expertise in:· Creating strategic roadmaps, vision and mission statements · Conducting market analysis using Voice of the Customer, Kano Analysis, and QFDs.· Six Sigma, Design for Six Sigma, Lean, Change Management, and Work Out.· Global cross-functional project management· Coaching and facilitationSpecialties: Lean, Six Sigma, DFSS, Facilitation, Change Management (CAP), Workout, Project Management, Coaching See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Continuous Improvement Company Name Starbucks Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Seattle Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Redmond, WA Several projects involving data preparation, exploration, experimentation to model building:• Identified $12M cost saving by quantifying discoveries obtained from conducting contextual inquiry interviews with agents at call center• Determined key factors for improving customer satisfaction for call center agents by 11 points• Created model to predict business versus consumer users of Windows 8 Lumia phones Senior Program Manager – Business Operations | Engineering, Community and Online Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Redmond, Wa • Customer Service & Support Tool Inventory: In three months created the first inventory of tools used to deliver customer service and support within Microsoft by reviewing 50+ lists and over 5K records; creating "approved" tools list that meet privacy, security and business continuity requirements.• Data Protection Program: preparing the organization for ISO 27001 information security management certification, covering 150 controls spanning the entire organization.• Supplier Management program : obtained 14% rate card reduction with the creation of the Approved Supplier List (ASL); Increased spend from 40% to 85% with ASL suppliers on $40M budget, set up SharePoint with training and process info. VP of Board Company Name Firland Foundation Dates Employed Dec 2010 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Senior Consultant Company Name Bradson Professional Services Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Working at Costco IT department improving their Program Management Office (PMO) See more positions Education The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Strategy, Finance & Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Marquette University Degree Name MSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Michigan Technological University Degree Name BS EE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1987 Minor in French See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Cross-functional Team Leadership See 62 endorsements for Cross-functional Team Leadership 62 Cross-functional Team Leadership Endorsed by Mark Weyna and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Christopher’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Six Sigma See 45 endorsements for Six Sigma 45 Six Sigma Endorsed by Mark Weyna and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Christopher’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 34 endorsements for Project Management 34 Project Management Endorsed by Peggy Claar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Christopher’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (9) Given (8) Jeff Friedman Vice President, Hospital and Medical Group Operations at EvergreenHealth February 16, 2011, Jeff was senior to Christopher but didn’t manage directly Chris facilitated an operational excellence project for a very challenging process dealing with medication reconciliation. After a couple of years and several attempts to address the problem, we engaged Chris to lead our project team toward a successful outcome. Through his persistence, incredibly detailed data analysis, and rigorous follow-through, the team met all of its targeted metrics. John Heinen SVP - Systems Division at Intermedix May 8, 2009, John was senior to Christopher but didn’t manage directly I have worked with Chris early in our careers at GE Healthcare, and recently in his role as Customer Success Leader. He was charged with driving internal process changes to improve customer delivery as well as improve several customer interactions on key projects. One example is a project Chris led to address a significant customer satisfaction issue with leaders from a world-leading client and a cross-functional GE team. I saw Chris pull together a set of charged individuals and helped the team reach a game-plan that was win-win. That leadership included a mix of telephone conferences, in-person work-out exercises at strategic points, and effective operating mechanisms to get the team to a solution. After completing the game-plan, Chris stuck with the team members to ensure the right follow-through was taking place.Chris’ approach to helping teams solve problems is the right mix of data-driven decisions, attention to the need for teamwork, and a drive for shared accountability. I saw that work first-hand with both internal GE teams and the customer engagement above. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Fernando Garay Digital Business Manager | CDO | Account Manger | Project Manager | #Miber | MIB September 22, 2013, Christopher worked with Fernando in different groups Fernando did great job on taking on an unplanned project of gathering privacy information on all of CSS related websites, and ensuring that they were compliant to the evolving regulatory requirements globally. He worked very well coordinating this project across multiple international site owners, LCA and privacy champions. Mark Weyna Global GM & Operations Executive | Delivering Sustainable Improvements in Services, Quality, R&D, & Performance February 25, 2010, Christopher reported directly to Mark Mark Weyna did a fantastic job starting the Business Process Improvement program at Philips Ultrasound, and set the standard for all of Philips. He already had incredible depth of experience from GE, but also knew how to adapt and integrate the concepts to fit the organizational maturity of Philips at the time. He was masterful in the recruiting and coaching of the Black Belts, developing a high performance team and future leaders of the organization. His energy and enthusiam were contagious throughout the organization, inspiring many employees around him to go the extra mile. Through his group, he was able to generate millions of dollars of savings and increased revenue. After establishing the Black Belt Six Sigma Program at Philips, he went on to start DFSS training program, Green Belt program, and Lean.Bottom line - Mark is a great leader to transform any company into a high performaning, world class organization. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Christopher has 8 certifications 8 Expand certifications section Certifications Developing Data Products Practical Machine Learning Regression Models Reproducible Research Statistical Inference Exploratory Data Analysis Machine Learning R Programming Christopher has 4 patents 4 Expand patents section Patents Open MR Magnet Gradient Coil Multiple Tap Gradient Field Coil for MRI Surgical Local MR Gradient Coil Local Gradient Coil Christopher has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Interests SAPBPCJobs 847 members Pulse 1,535,198 followers Microsoft 3,687,281 followers Business Process Improvement 137,033 members Medical Device Insider 26,447 members Greythorn North America 5,009 members See all See all following
More Actions Jacob has a account Jacob Feintzeig Data Scientist Stripe University of Wisconsin-Madison San Francisco Bay Area 168 168 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Stripe Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Data Scientist, Manager Company Name Twitter Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Data Scientist, Manager: Aug 2016 - Mar 2017Data Scientist: Nov 2015 - Aug 2016I led the Revenue Forecasting & Analytics team, a small team of data scientists focused on predicting Twitter's revenue. I developed statistical models to forecast revenue and worked on productionalizing our analysis pipeline, mentored data scientists and helped debug code, and communicated results to leadership. Postdoctoral Fellow Company Name Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Berkeley, CA I was a postdoctoral fellow searching for neutrinoless double-beta decay with the Cryogenic Underground Observatory for Rare Events (CUORE). I built a toy Monte Carlo simulation of heat propagation in crystals, worked on outlier detection for time series data from a sensor array, and helped develop a real-time data monitoring web app. Research Assistant, Wisconsin IceCube Particle Astrophysics Center Company Name University of Wisconsin-Madison Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Madison, Wisconsin Area Particle astrophysics research with the IceCube Neutrino Observatory: Developed data processing and event reconstruction techniques, detector calibration, physics searches for astrophysical sources of high-energy neutrinos. Traveled to South Pole. Mentored and trained undergraduate and new graduate students. Teaching Assistant Company Name University of Wisconsin-Madison Dates Employed 2010 – 2010 Employment Duration less than a year Location Madison, Wisconsin Area Teaching assistant for Physics 103 (algebra-based mechanics), Fall 2010. Taught discussion sections, weekly lab, office hours. See more positions Education University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Thesis: Searches for Point-like Sources of Astrophysical Neutrinos with the IceCube Neutrino ObservatoryAdvisor: Professor Albrecht Karle University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Dartmouth College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Physics, Environmental Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Skills Astrophysics Astrophysics Click and drag to reorder skills Particle Physics Particle Physics Click and drag to reorder skills Research Research Click and drag to reorder skills Teaching Teaching Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jacob has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests University of Wisconsin Law School 30,922 followers Twitter 493,014 followers Berkeley Lab 21,779 followers Pulse 1,535,198 followers University of Wisconsin-Madison 278,238 followers University of Wisconsin-Madison 293,597 followers See all See all following
More Actions Wenjia has a account Wenjia Zhao Data Scientist at Twitch Twitch University of Chicago San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist - Site Performance Company Name Twitch Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Analyze website performance data from the Twitch.com domains (API response times, time to first interactivity, ISP performance). Data Scientist - Mobile Company Name Twitch Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area I support mobile (Android & iOS) platforms at Twitch. I mainly work on feature and platform performance analysis.• Performed user-flow analyses for mobile platforms. Worked with product and UX teams to use analysis to reduce user churn.• Modeled subscription activity and forecasted impact of allowing users to purchase subscriptions via mobile devices.Another part of my work is building better reporting and experimentation tools to give teams easier access to data. This reduces "data phobia" and helps teams make better strategy and product decisions. • Worked with engineering teams to design and implement A/B testing protocols and infrastructure for mobile platforms.• Built an automated A/B testing report system that allows teams to quickly compare performance of experiment groups across different user segments. (Redshift SQL, RShiny)• Standardized user event tracking and KPI metrics definitions for both mobile platforms. Data Analyst Company Name Rally Health Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area  Performed ad-hoc data extraction and analysis using MySQL, Hive, and Spark, while working in compliance with HIPAA for sensitive data.  Create and run aggregation scripts on Hive to construct normalized data tables for BI tools. Developed a Flask (Python Web Framework) app to generate automatic daily reports for client usage. Graduate Data Scientist Company Name Guardian News & Media Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom  Lead analyst for multivariate testing (MVT) on features for the new Beta site. Designed an in-house MVT framework to standardize test and hypothesis design, success metric definitions, and power analysis for developers. Analyzed and performed hypothesis testing on traffic data in R for reports to developer teams and the digital executive board. Spearheaded design and construction of an automated reporting and analysis pipeline that will allow developer teams to run pre-designed models (generalized linear model and ANOVA) and analysis methods on test data from a centralized database, and view the results via Tableau and Javascript. Developed hierarchical time series forecast models via R to predict and evaluate readership traffic to the site by user segments for Finance and Commercial departments. Built ETL processes with Python to integrate third-party developer build-management systems data into a central Amazon Redshift database. Performed ad-hoc analysis for Editorial and Commercial departments and presented findings in Tableau dashboard. Research Assistant Company Name University of Chicago Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater Chicago Area • Exploring new representation–theory-based algorithms by using MATLAB to evaluate graph similarity for potential research projects. See more positions Education University of Chicago Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: International Students Association, Chicago Youth Tutoring Program, Chicago Weekly, Chicago Maroon, Chicago Careers in Journalism, Chicago Careers in Science and Technology University Hill Secondary School Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 9 endorsements for Python 9 Python Endorsed by 6 people who know Python Click and drag to reorder skills Hive See 1 endorsement for Hive 1 Hive Hongxuan (Justin) Jia has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills R See 8 endorsements for R 8 R Endorsed by Nina Kuklisova, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Wenjia has 5 courses 5 Expand courses section Courses Analysis Artificial Intelligence Introduction to Computer Science Introduction to Computer Systems Numerical Analysis Wenjia has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Mandarin Interests University Hill Secondary Alumni 116 members Oracle | Datalogix 7,149 followers Twitch 29,377 followers Rally Health 2,655 followers UChicago Entrepreneurship & Innovation 1,657 members University of Chicago Alumni Club in the UK 280 members See all See all following
More Actions Pui Ling (Amy) has a account Pui Ling (Amy) Ching Senior Data Scientist at CarVi Carvi, Inc. DePaul University Chicago, Illinois 226 226 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Data-driven storyteller pursuing a M.S. in Predictive Analytics (concentration in Computational Methods)- Currently receiving full tuition award and stipend from DePaul University's College of Computing and Digital Media for providing grading, tutoring, and lab supportTECHNICAL SKILLS- Languages: Python, R, SQL, PL/SQL- Software: SQL Developer, R Studio, SPSS, Matlab, Excel, Amazon EC2- Database: Oracle, MS Access, Hadoop MapReduce- Data Mining Techniques: Decision Trees, K-Nearest Neighbor, Clustering, Regression, Principal Component Analysis, Linear Discriminant Analysis, Recommender Systems, Bayesian Classification, Gradient Descent Optimization, Association Rule Mining, Ensemble Learning, Random Forests, Rotation Forests, Support Vector MachinesPROJECTS- Purchase Histories and Supply Chain Data Mining for a Restaurant Chain (ongoing)- Classification of Human Activities and Postural Transitions Using Smartphone Sensor Data- Search Engine System Implementation- Yelp Dataset Recommender System- Video Store Database Implementation- Predicting Insurance Purchasing Behavior with Consumer Sociodemographic Data- Walmart Sales Forecast Regression Modeling- Movie Ratings Database and SQL Analysis See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Pui Ling (Amy)’s Activity 226 followers Thought provoking example https://lnkd.in/d5MgchT It is a pity for an insurer miss the opportunity to reinvent the modules of its value chain using technology and data. Any insurance player will be InsurTech...soon or later Pui Ling (Amy) liked From idea to monetisation: How big data can drive change in car dealerships Pui Ling (Amy) liked CarVi Smart Camera for Cars | Forward Collision Warning Pui Ling (Amy) shared this Excited for Telematics Insurance North America 2017! I will be on a panel discussion about the impact of telematics data aggregation! Pui Ling (Amy) shared this See all activity Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Carvi, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Graduate Assistant, Grader Company Name DePaul University Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Qualified Mental Health Professional Company Name Adapt Of Illinois Inc Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Chicago, IL • Provided psychiatric rehabilitation services for adults with psychiatric disabilities in a nursing facility • Assessed patients to gather and interpret information necessary for planning treatment and evaluating progress • Conducted individual and group therapy to elicit behavior change relevant to patients’ recovery goals • Researched and implemented evidence-based practices that were later incorporated into the company’s practices Intensive Case Manager Company Name Catholic Charities Brooklyn and Queens Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location New York, NY • Provided comprehensive case management services to adults with mental illness and co-occurring disorders• Delivered weekly face-to-face off-site client services and 24 hours/7 days a week crisis intervention• Assessed clients’ strengths and needs holistically and coordinated the implementation of treatment plans• Facilitated client rehabilitation by providing advocacy, counseling, linkage, and empowerment Research Assistant Company Name New York University Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location New York, NY • Assisted in research projects studying obesity and minorities' mental health • Coordinated qualitative and quantitative data collection, entry, and analysis• Administered structured psychological and neurocognitive assessments and facilitated focus groups • Assessed and developed coding methods for qualitative data and meta-analyses See more positions Education DePaul University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Predictive Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Activities and Societies: - Recipient of College of Computing and Digital Media Graduate Assistantship New York University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Psychology Grade GPA 3.92 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: - Research Assistant, Applied Psychology Department - Teaching Assistant, Psychology Department - Statistics Tutor, Opportunity Program Brown University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Commerce, Organizations, and Entrepreneurship Grade GPA 3.51 Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: - Entrepreneurship Program - Brown Ballroom Dance - Family Help Desk See more education Volunteer Experience Crisis Counselor Company Name Covenant House Dates volunteered Oct 2009 – Sep 2011 Volunteer duration 2 yrs • Provided phone and email crisis intervention to individuals in crisis• Assisted clients by assessing their crisis, collaboratively developing plans, and encouraging action • Updated Nineline’s agency database to enable counselors to make accurate referrals to clients Featured Skills & Endorsements Predictive Analytics See 5 endorsements for Predictive Analytics 5 Predictive Analytics Kenneth Chen and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data Analytics See 2 endorsements for Big Data Analytics 2 Big Data Analytics Christin Mirabelli and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 7 endorsements for Python 7 Python Kristen Streit and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Christin Mirabelli Software Engineer at XR Trading April 19, 2016, Christin managed Pui Ling (Amy) directly Amy worked for me at DePaul University as a grader for a graduate level introductory Python programming course. I had the pleasure of working with her for two consecutive quarters. As a grader, Amy was very timely, paid great attention to detail, was very conscientious about the quality of her work and feedback, was very responsive to feedback and did a great job at providing feedback to me. Amy went above and beyond the basic grading requirements and would provide a summary of trends she notices among students, as well as statistics for the grades of my online section and class section. I would highly recommend Amy for any position, as she would be an asset and make a manager, team and department better. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Pui Ling (Amy) has 11 courses 11 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Data Analysis Advanced Data Mining Data Analysis and Regression Database Processing for Large-Scale Analytics Database Programming Intelligent Information Retrieval Introduction to Programming Knowledge Discovery Technologies Mining Big Data Programming Data Mining Applications Pui Ling (Amy) has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Purchase Histories and Supply Chain Data Mining for a Restaurant Chain Classification of Human Activities and Postural Transitions Using Smartphone Sensor Data Search Engine System Implementation Interests DePaul University 150,142 followers Fleet Management & Logistics 15,696 members Internet of Things: IoT, M2M, Smart Wearables, Connected Car, Smart Home, Telemedicine, IoT Cloud 915 members Telematics Business Arena | IoT M2M LBS GPS | Fleet Management, Tracking, Rastreo, Gestion de Flotas 9,197 members CarVi, Inc. 67 followers Big Data 5,065,180 followers See all See all following
More Actions Xueshan has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Xueshan (Ellie) Zhang Data Science x Social Innovation Harvard Ash Center for Democratic Governance and Innovation Harvard University Cambridge, Massachusetts 419 419 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Research Fellow Company Name Harvard Ash Center for Democratic Governance and Innovation Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater Boston Area • Study the current philanthropic landscape in China by building a philanthropy database from online donation data.• Apply statistical concepts and techniques to analyze donors' behavior. • Visualize the current philanthropic landscape in China. Secretary General Company Name Harvard SEED for Social Innovation Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Cambridge, MA Director of SEED Camp Company Name Harvard SEED for Social Innovation Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Cambridge, MA • Organize one 14-day SEED Camps and one 5-day SEED Camp, the flagship program of Harvard SEED, educating and shaping a community of young Chinese civic leaders and non-profit practitioners. • Lead a team of 13 on curriculum design and program operation. Data Scientist II Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Cambridge, MA • Build end-to-end operationalized machine learning solutions for enterprise customers on top of Microsoft Azure Cloud Computing Platform and Cortana Analytics.• Develop retail pricing and demand forecasting models for leading food service companies and food manufacturers in UK and US.• Authored a retail forecasting template enabling fast prototyping and deployment of forecasting solutions.• Deliver talks on advanced analytics in retail to Microsoft partners, clients, and the public. Media (2) This position has 2 media Retail Forecasting Template Empowered by Cortana Analytics Retail Forecasting Template Empowered by Cortana Analytics This media is a link Cortana Analytics for Retail Pricing Cortana Analytics for Retail Pricing This media is a link R&D Intern Engineer Company Name Baidu, Inc. Dates Employed May 2011 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Beijing City, China • Initiated, designed and implemented a statistical analysis in online advertising behavior. Education Harvard University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Computational Science and Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Media (1) This position has 1 media Compositional Negation Learning in Movie Review Sentiment Analysis Compositional Negation Learning in Movie Review Sentiment Analysis This media is a document University of Waterloo Degree Name Master of Mathmatics Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Media (1) This position has 1 media Risk Factor Election for Osteoporotic Fracture in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey Risk Factor Election for Osteoporotic Fracture in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey This media is a document Peking University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Probability and Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 27 endorsements for R 27 R Endorsed by Xiaoxing Cheng and 19 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Xueshan’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 18 endorsements for Statistics 18 Statistics Endorsed by Brandon Rohrer and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Xueshan’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 15 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 15 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Jiannan Lu and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Xueshan’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Xueshan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Xueshan has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Getting the most out of the Disney World Tall Skinny QR in Parallel Interests Harvard Ash Center for Democratic Governance and Innovation 386 followers China Jobtube 中国聘道 （Jobs for expats and returnees 海归招聘） 172,742 members Science Jobs 300,525 members Peking University Alumni 14,097 members Big Data, Analytics, Hadoop, NoSQL & Cloud Computing 73,386 members Harvard University 490,543 followers See all See all following
More Actions Pui Ling (Amy) has a account Pui Ling (Amy) Ching Senior Data Scientist at CarVi Carvi, Inc. DePaul University Chicago, Illinois 226 226 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Data-driven storyteller pursuing a M.S. in Predictive Analytics (concentration in Computational Methods)- Currently receiving full tuition award and stipend from DePaul University's College of Computing and Digital Media for providing grading, tutoring, and lab supportTECHNICAL SKILLS- Languages: Python, R, SQL, PL/SQL- Software: SQL Developer, R Studio, SPSS, Matlab, Excel, Amazon EC2- Database: Oracle, MS Access, Hadoop MapReduce- Data Mining Techniques: Decision Trees, K-Nearest Neighbor, Clustering, Regression, Principal Component Analysis, Linear Discriminant Analysis, Recommender Systems, Bayesian Classification, Gradient Descent Optimization, Association Rule Mining, Ensemble Learning, Random Forests, Rotation Forests, Support Vector MachinesPROJECTS- Purchase Histories and Supply Chain Data Mining for a Restaurant Chain (ongoing)- Classification of Human Activities and Postural Transitions Using Smartphone Sensor Data- Search Engine System Implementation- Yelp Dataset Recommender System- Video Store Database Implementation- Predicting Insurance Purchasing Behavior with Consumer Sociodemographic Data- Walmart Sales Forecast Regression Modeling- Movie Ratings Database and SQL Analysis See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Pui Ling (Amy)’s Activity 226 followers Thought provoking example https://lnkd.in/d5MgchT It is a pity for an insurer miss the opportunity to reinvent the modules of its value chain using technology and data. Any insurance player will be InsurTech...soon or later Pui Ling (Amy) liked From idea to monetisation: How big data can drive change in car dealerships Pui Ling (Amy) liked CarVi Smart Camera for Cars | Forward Collision Warning Pui Ling (Amy) shared this Excited for Telematics Insurance North America 2017! I will be on a panel discussion about the impact of telematics data aggregation! Pui Ling (Amy) shared this See all activity Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Carvi, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Graduate Assistant, Grader Company Name DePaul University Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Qualified Mental Health Professional Company Name Adapt Of Illinois Inc Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Chicago, IL • Provided psychiatric rehabilitation services for adults with psychiatric disabilities in a nursing facility • Assessed patients to gather and interpret information necessary for planning treatment and evaluating progress • Conducted individual and group therapy to elicit behavior change relevant to patients’ recovery goals • Researched and implemented evidence-based practices that were later incorporated into the company’s practices Intensive Case Manager Company Name Catholic Charities Brooklyn and Queens Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location New York, NY • Provided comprehensive case management services to adults with mental illness and co-occurring disorders• Delivered weekly face-to-face off-site client services and 24 hours/7 days a week crisis intervention• Assessed clients’ strengths and needs holistically and coordinated the implementation of treatment plans• Facilitated client rehabilitation by providing advocacy, counseling, linkage, and empowerment Research Assistant Company Name New York University Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location New York, NY • Assisted in research projects studying obesity and minorities' mental health • Coordinated qualitative and quantitative data collection, entry, and analysis• Administered structured psychological and neurocognitive assessments and facilitated focus groups • Assessed and developed coding methods for qualitative data and meta-analyses See more positions Education DePaul University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Predictive Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Activities and Societies: - Recipient of College of Computing and Digital Media Graduate Assistantship New York University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Psychology Grade GPA 3.92 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: - Research Assistant, Applied Psychology Department - Teaching Assistant, Psychology Department - Statistics Tutor, Opportunity Program Brown University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Commerce, Organizations, and Entrepreneurship Grade GPA 3.51 Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: - Entrepreneurship Program - Brown Ballroom Dance - Family Help Desk See more education Volunteer Experience Crisis Counselor Company Name Covenant House Dates volunteered Oct 2009 – Sep 2011 Volunteer duration 2 yrs • Provided phone and email crisis intervention to individuals in crisis• Assisted clients by assessing their crisis, collaboratively developing plans, and encouraging action • Updated Nineline’s agency database to enable counselors to make accurate referrals to clients Featured Skills & Endorsements Predictive Analytics See 5 endorsements for Predictive Analytics 5 Predictive Analytics Kenneth Chen and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data Analytics See 2 endorsements for Big Data Analytics 2 Big Data Analytics Christin Mirabelli and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 7 endorsements for Python 7 Python Kristen Streit and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Christin Mirabelli Software Engineer at XR Trading April 19, 2016, Christin managed Pui Ling (Amy) directly Amy worked for me at DePaul University as a grader for a graduate level introductory Python programming course. I had the pleasure of working with her for two consecutive quarters. As a grader, Amy was very timely, paid great attention to detail, was very conscientious about the quality of her work and feedback, was very responsive to feedback and did a great job at providing feedback to me. Amy went above and beyond the basic grading requirements and would provide a summary of trends she notices among students, as well as statistics for the grades of my online section and class section. I would highly recommend Amy for any position, as she would be an asset and make a manager, team and department better. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Pui Ling (Amy) has 11 courses 11 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Data Analysis Advanced Data Mining Data Analysis and Regression Database Processing for Large-Scale Analytics Database Programming Intelligent Information Retrieval Introduction to Programming Knowledge Discovery Technologies Mining Big Data Programming Data Mining Applications Pui Ling (Amy) has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Purchase Histories and Supply Chain Data Mining for a Restaurant Chain Classification of Human Activities and Postural Transitions Using Smartphone Sensor Data Search Engine System Implementation Interests Pulse 1,535,198 followers Telematics News 6,896 members CES 26,833 members CarVi, Inc. 67 followers Telematics Business Arena | IoT M2M LBS GPS | Fleet Management, Tracking, Rastreo, Gestion de Flotas 9,197 members New York University 461,571 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yuan has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Yuan Jiang Data Scientist at Uber Uber Harvard College Pleasanton, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Uber Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Teaching Fellow Company Name Harvard University Dates Employed Aug 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Cambridge, MA Lead problem-solving sections, hold office hours, and grade problem sets for Harvard's Introduction to Quantitative Methods for Economics course (Stat 104). Data Science Intern Company Name Airbnb Dates Employed May 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Data Science Intern Company Name wikiHow Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Palo Alto, California Data Analyst Intern Company Name Akamai Technologies Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Cambridge, MA Education Harvard College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Activities and Societies: HRCSA, HAUSCR, HCF, HAMS Secondary in Computer Science Foothill High School Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 11 endorsements for Statistics 11 Statistics Endorsed by William Z. Chen and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Yuan’s colleagues at Harvard University Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 8 endorsements for Python 8 Python Endorsed by William Z. Chen and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Yuan’s colleagues at Harvard University Click and drag to reorder skills R See 7 endorsements for R 7 R Endorsed by Alessandro Bessi, Ph.D. and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Yuan has 23 courses 23 Expand courses section Courses Biological and Statistical Perspectives on Human Disease Causal Inference Computer Vision Data Science Data Structures and Algorithms Data Visualization Design and Abstraction Economics and Computation Generalized Linear Models Introduction to Computer Science I Yuan has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations Harvard Applied Math Society Harvard-Radcliffe Chinese Students Association Harvard Association for US-China Relations Harvard China Forum Yuan has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Elks Most Valuable Student Scholarship National Merit Scholar Sandia National Laboratories Math Award Yuan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests LinkedIn 2,127,844 followers The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,576 members Geocaching HQ 2,612 followers Hilary MasonHilary Mason is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Fast Forward Labs 141,489 followers Facebook 1,533,622 followers Akamai Technologies 91,089 followers See all See all following
More Actions K. V. Sreerama has a account K. V. Sreerama Murthy CEO, Chief Data Scientist at Quadratic Insights Pvt. Ltd. Quadratic Insights Pvt. Ltd. The Johns Hopkins University Hyderabad Area, India 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Currently CEO and Chief Data Scientist of Quadratyx, a company that offers corporate training, proprietary e-learning and consulting services in Big Data, Machine Learning, Text & Image Mining and Predictive Analytics. Quadratyx helps dozens of customers in India and abroad, and also performs high-end research in Big Data Analytics.PhD in Data Mining and Machine Learning in 1995 from Johns Hopkins University, which could make him one of the earliest PhD-holders in Data Mining in India. Prior to that completed my Master's thesis in Next Generation Expert Systems from IIT-Madras Computer Science.Automatically building mega-catalogs from Hubble Space Telescope images was PhD thesis. The software that designed by me is used till date in scores of countries. And paper on the topic continues to be a top-cited paper in the area of Decision Trees and Machine Learning.In the past 24 years, I worked for world-class research labs such as Siemens Corporate Research - Princeton, IBM Research - Delhi and National Center for Software Technology (now CDAC, Mumbai). Also been instrumental in setting up three startup companies that drove innovation in data mining in vocational skilling, healthcare and supply chain management.8 issued US patents, over a dozen patent-pending innovations, and scores of international publications, all in the area Data Science. Principal Advisor & Mentor for the International School of Engineering, whose Big Data certification program has been recently listed as 3rd in the world by CIO.com, alongside the programs of Columbia and Stanford University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CEO, Chief Data Scientist Company Name Quadratic Insights Pvt. Ltd. Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Hyderabad Area, India Director of Technology Company Name Skilin Learning Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Hyderabad Area, India Co-founder, Director, CEO Company Name Teqnium Consultancy Services Dates Employed 2006 – 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Hyderabad Area, India Personalized vocational skilling using e-learning & data mining (Maruti Suzuki, Commonwealth of Learning, Enable India)Unstructured survey text mining for decision support (American Bureau of Shipping)Clinical trial protocol document mining (Novartis) Senior Manager Company Name IBM India Research Lab Dates Employed 1999 – 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr Online fraud detection and risk evaluation of credit card transactionsSales prediction for retail durables; User profiling for targeted marketingImage mining for personalized recommendations for retail buyersIntelligent auto-auctioning agents for e-commerceInteractive virtual classrooms using IP-TV; Multi-dimensional biometric security systems Researcher - Imaging & Visualization Company Name Siemens Corporate Research Dates Employed 1995 – 1999 Employment Duration 4 yrs Automatic collimation for X-ray fluoroscopy using machine learningComputer-aided diagnosis of mammography imagesNon-destructive evaluation of power-plant welds using data miningAudio mining for preventive diagnosis of car engine problems. Education The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Indian Institute of Technology, Madras Degree Name M.Tech Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1990 Motilal Nehru National Institute Of Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Entrepreneurship See 48 endorsements for Entrepreneurship 48 Entrepreneurship Endorsed by Neeraj Kumar Singal, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of K. V. Sreerama’s colleagues at Quadratic Insights Pvt. Ltd. Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management See 36 endorsements for Program Management 36 Program Management Endorsed by Neeraj Kumar Singal, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of K. V. Sreerama’s colleagues at Quadratic Insights Pvt. Ltd. Click and drag to reorder skills E-Learning See 36 endorsements for E-Learning 36 E-Learning Endorsed by Simhadri Rama Rao, PMP, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of K. V. Sreerama’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Abhishek Shivkumar Research Engineer - Computer Vision at Blippar January 9, 2013, K. V. Sreerama worked with Abhishek but at different companies Abhishek has good knowledge of Big Data analysis, especially using the Hadoop ecosystem. He is capable of conducting hands-on training sessions in this area, and can comfortably interact with mid- to senior-level working professionals. His style is confident and detail-oriented. I found him to be passionate about algorithmic aspects of data analytics. Thaskeen Mohammed UX Designer at Microsoft March 18, 2010, K. V. Sreerama managed Thaskeen directly Thaskeen combines an eye for beauty in design with a systematic, goal-oriented working style. He does not hesitate to take on new types of assignments, and is committed to deliver what he promises. He is soft spoken, easy to give inputs to, and works well with him team. Accomplishments K. V. Sreerama has 8 patents 8 Expand patents section Patents Method and system for knowledge-based filling and verification of complex forms Interactive multimedia virtual classes requiring small online network bandwidth Customization of information retrieval through user-supplied code Computer-assisted diagnosis method using correspondence checking and change detection of salient features in digital images Computer-assisted diagnosis method and system for automatically determining diagnostic saliency of digital images Mark-free computer-assisted diagnosis method and system for assisting diagnosis of abnormalities in digital medical images using diagnosis based image enhancement Method and apparatus for automatic collimation in x-ray peripheral imaging System for generating a compound x-ray image for diagnosis K. V. Sreerama has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Hindi, Telugu, Tamil K. V. Sreerama has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication US Patent in Technology Enabled Education Interests Advanced Analytics and Optimization 300 members India Leadership Network 210,942 members India 46,702,058 followers Pulse 1,535,198 followers SIEMENS-World-Wide Network [17,000+ Members] 79,395 members The Johns Hopkins University Alumni 24,218 members See all See all following
More Actions Miles has a account Miles Gordon Vice President, Data Scientist Wells Fargo Arizona State University San Francisco Bay Area 302 302 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced data scientist and software developer with experience in a wide variety of industries. Extensive career acting as a manager, engineer, data and business analyst and independent consultant. Software development experience is focused mainly on Microsoft technologies but includes integrations and individual projects using other technologies such as PHP, Oracle, and others. Recent experience in big data visualization and predictive modeling using Tableau and Teradata, and Azure ML.Specialties: Tableau, Teradata, Azure Machine Learning, ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server, Visual Basic, Business Analysis, Database Analysis and Design, OOP, HTML, XML See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Wells Fargo Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco, California I am currently part of the Wholesale Internet group which delivers and supports online banking products for large institutional customers. My immediate team is comprised of both data and behavioral scientists and provides customer insights to product teams in the process of developing new online and mobile applications.The type of data science I perform is in the areas of business and visualization along with some predictive analytics. I communicate complex customer behavior patterns to business groups to support directional decisions.2008 - 2012 Worked on the merger of Wells Fargo and Wachovia banks. I was on a team which aided in the successful combination of Wholesale (large business) customer relationships, accounts, and internal customer responsibilities between the two international banks. I advised on strategies for smooth account conversion and accurate communications to the bank's largest customers. Media (1) This position has 1 media Wells Fargo Blog - Using Big Data to See the Bigger Picture Wells Fargo Blog - Using Big Data to See the Bigger Picture This media is a link Senior Web Developer and Team Lead Company Name CIBER, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2002 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos On long term contract with the City and County of San Francisco. I lead a team embedded in city offices that operates the city's Online Services group. The project facilitates all e-commerce transactions for multiple agencies within the city. The group is self contained and provides web development, consulting, customer service, and accounting functions to allow for the flow of funds into city departments via the Internet.My group has developed and operated a number of public city web applications including: Parking and traffic citation payment, property and business tax payment, building permit filing and tracking, city hall appointments, application for licenses, and more.Applications were developed using .NET technology (ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server) Senior Web Developer and Project Manager Company Name Netquest Dates Employed 2000 – 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs NetQuest was an Internet development contractor. Its clients included a range of companies from small Internet startups to Fortune 500 corporations. As a senior project manager, I was responsible for maintaining relationships with clients, designing business solutions, software engineering, and project management.Some projects I managed with NetQuest: * Ground-up development of a multi-lingual e-commerce website * Expansion and maintenance of a partner extranet for a local high tech company * Dynamic web content development for a leading national bankApplications were developed using ASP, VB6, SQL Server, PHP, and PERL Senior Software Developer Company Name System Concepts Dates Employed 1997 – 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs SCI produces a line of software products for large-scale food service and restaurant operations including the U.S. military. As senior software developer, I was responsible for design and development of new Windows and Internet products including: * FOOD-TRAK for Windows, a modular system used to track inventory, recipe costs, product margins, and assist in purchasing decisions * FOOD-TRAK Enterprise Information System, a 3-tier data warehousing module designed to consolidate data from multiple locations and distribute output via the Internet * FOOD-TRAK Minibar Management System, a Palm PC-based data entry system aimed at the hotel industry, which incorporated a proprietary messaging protocol for wireless network communication among devicesApplications were developed using VB6 and SQL Server Education Arizona State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1994 California State University-Northridge Field Of Study Fine Arts Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Tableau Tableau No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Teradata Teradata No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 4 endorsements for Data Analysis 4 Data Analysis Yulitza Peraza and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (2) Matthew Faulconer Senior Vice President, Global Banking and International Trade Services Group Finance Officer September 12, 2012, Matthew was senior to Miles but didn’t manage directly It would be great to work with Miles again. He does great work and it is fun working with him.He is someone we could give a special project to and didn't have to worry. We just knew he would get it done and it would work well. Miles is a great developer. But in addition to that he seeks to understand the project which means he asks about alternative ideas for implementation. When working with Miles we ended up producing something better than we had planned originally. Miles is smart enough to know when to keep it simple and knows when we need to put some more thought into something to make sure it will really work. Patricia Wahlstrom Independent Program Management Consultant September 18, 2008, Patricia worked with Miles but at different companies Miles and I worked together on projects and enhancements for over a year on behalf of a joint client. He was consistently professional, detail-oriented, extremely calm under pressure, and readily shared information. I especially appreciated his candidness and ability to ignore the 'why and who' in favor of getting the projects delivered to satisfied clients. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Matthew Faulconer Senior Vice President, Global Banking and International Trade Services Group Finance Officer September 12, 2012, Miles reported directly to Matthew Matthew is an extraordinarily smart and talented leader. It was a pleasure to work with someone that I could learn from regularly. He gave me the trust, encouragement, and guidance I needed to succeed in a challenging, fast-paced technical project. Matthew navigated bureaucracy and technical complexity with grace, patience and mastery. It would be a privilege to work with him again. Quannon Au Senior Product Manager at Apple September 17, 2008, Miles worked with Quannon in different groups Quannon was one of the best and brightest team members on the City and County of San Francisco team. He helped to successfully push forward technology in the otherwise slow moving environment. Accomplishments Miles has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Duolingo Spanish Fluency: Intermediate (Estimated) Interests Pulse 1,535,199 followers California State University, Northridge 169,496 followers Wells Fargo 564,486 followers Arizona State University 402,373 followers California State University, Northridge 176,302 followers Arizona State University 384,895 followers
More Actions Kosmas has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Kosmas Karadimitriou Vice President of Data Science at KAYAK KAYAK Louisiana State University Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highly skilled Data Scientist / Computer Scientist with 20 years experience in research and software development, holder of 9 patents for innovative algorithms and solutions, and key contributor to three successful software startup companies (KAYAK, ZoomInfo, and CardScan). Proven ability to solve challenging problems and generate successful products.See my resume at: http://www.csc.lsu.edu/~kosmas/resume.htmlSpecialties: Data Science, Analytics, Big Data, Research and Development, Software Design and Development, Algorithms, Machine Learning, Data Mining, Cloud Computing, Pattern Recognition, Computer Simulation, Image Processing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Kosmas’ Articles 841 followers Our collective love affair with Alexa Kosmas Karadimitriou on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 7, 2015 See all articles Experience VP, Data Science and Analytics Company Name KAYAK Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Managed globally the KAYAK Data Science and Business Analytics teams in USA, Switzerland, and Germany on a wide variety of projects including Predictive Analytics, Business Intelligence, Machine Learning, Modeling, Personalization, Forecasting, Optimization, etc. Director of Data Science and Analytics Company Name KAYAK Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Directed team of scientists and engineers on analytics/data science projects involving Big Data, Predictive Analytics, Machine Learning, Pattern Recognition, Data Mining, Business Intelligence, Personalization, Trends Analysis, Business Simulation and Forecasting, etc. Principal Scientist (Analytics / Machine Learning) Company Name KAYAK Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos * Various Analytics projects involving Big Data, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, Pattern Recognition, Data Mining, Classification.* Tools used: Java, Python, Groovy, MySQL, Hadoop, Hive, Weka, Unix, Distributed Computing, Cloud Computing. Computer Scientist Company Name DYMO/Mimio Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 6 mos * Architected and led development of an an A.I. teacher’s Expert System for generation of interactive educational activities.* Designed the Knowledge Representation scheme and Inference Algorithms for storing and handling K-12 educational content and knowledge. Chief Engineer, R&D Company Name DYMO/CardScan Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos * Architected and led development of cloud computing solution to perform OCR and text extraction from uploaded images.* Led development of mobile phone software (iPhone, BlackBerry, and Windows Mobile) for data extraction from business card pictures.* Involved in strategy planning for the technology group.* Managed outsourced projects to UK and Russia. See more positions Education Louisiana State University Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Louisiana State University Degree Name M.Sc. Field Of Study Systems Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1992 Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece Degree Name B.Sc. Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Software Engineering See 61 endorsements for Software Engineering 61 Software Engineering Endorsed by Neeraj Mainkar, Ph.D and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Kosmas’ colleagues at KAYAK Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 56 endorsements for Algorithms 56 Algorithms Endorsed by Nicolas Nicolov and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Kosmas’ colleagues at KAYAK Click and drag to reorder skills Software Development See 48 endorsements for Software Development 48 Software Development Endorsed by Neeraj Mainkar, Ph.D and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Kosmas’ colleagues at KAYAK Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (4) William Moyne Technical Lead - Electrical Systems at Shell TechWorks December 16, 2009, William managed Kosmas directly Kosmas worked for me as the lead software engineer while I was the director of engineering at CardScan. Kosmas is a great engineer, who among other tasks, created and implemented the classification engine which is the “secret sauce” of all Cardscan business card products. The process is algorithmic in nature and Kosmas created a best-in-class solution. Kosmas is a great team member and leader. He has a calming attitude and is open to ideas. He is an outspoken proponent of user testing and has done a number of user studies on critical UI elements. CardScan products shipping on-time and on-budget are a testimonial to Kosmas and the software team. I highly recommend Kosmas, it was a pleasure working with him and I'm sure he will be a critical member in any software team. Pete Canalichio - Brand/Licensing Expert, Expert Witness Managing Partner at Licensing Brands, Inc. November 14, 2008, Pete Canalichio was senior to Kosmas but didn’t manage directly Kosmas is a brilliant and gifted engineer who can tackle the most challenging assignments with assuredness and relative ease. As the senior most member of our software engineering team, Kosmas was frequently sought out by me and my direct reports for his input and insight. In every instance, Kosmas was able to translate the most complex issues into a simple and straightforward explanation. In addition to his engineering acumen, Kosmas has a deep understanding of the business and frequently provided valuable input to the team. Kosmas is highly collaborative - always willing to lend a hand when needed. With a calm and good-natured personality, Kosmas is a pleasure to be around. I would welcome the opportunity to work with him again in any capacity. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Sharon Zhou PM Consultant & Stanford RA June 30, 2014, Kosmas was senior to Sharon but didn’t manage directly Sharon was one of our interns in KAYAK. She did an awesome job and as a result we invited her for a second internship a few months later. She is enthusiastic, intelligent, intellectually curious, and with many diverse interests. She is fun to work with, great personality, creative, and capable of thinking outside the box. She is a fast learner, and I have no doubt that she will be an asset to any team or organization that she works in. Ken Szubzda Software Engineer at Uber September 22, 2012, Kosmas managed Ken directly Ken is a solid engineer that delivers results even when he is not very familiar with the technologies or the project field. I was impressed by his skills of finding answers and using resources effectively to solve problems even on new and unknown environments. I am sure he will perform well on any project he embarks on. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Kosmas has 9 patents 9 Expand patents section Patents Computer method and apparatus for determining content types of Web pages Computer method and apparatus for extracting data from Web pages Method for maintaining people and organization information Computer method and apparatus for collecting people and organization information from Web sites Computer method and apparatus for determining site type of a Web site Computer method and apparatus for determining content owner of a Web site Flight caching methods and apparatus Generating and Evaluating Learning Activities For An Educational Environment Data mining system Kosmas has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Balefire Labs Interests Entrepreneurship 16,576,064 followers Data Science Central 291,509 members Pulse 1,535,198 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,790 followers James AltucherJames Altucher is a LinkedIn Influencer Editor at The Altucher Report 764,504 followers Algorithmic Trading 77,572 members See all See all following
More Actions Shikha has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Shikha Bakshi Senior Manager- Talent Acquisition (Join Us) Fractal Analytics GSBA East Delhi, Delhi, India 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Empower every human decision..... Looking for a career in Analytics with Fractal!! . Please feel free to share your resume at shikha.bakshi@fractalanalytics.com .To become part of fastest growing analytics firm please visit our careers page: http://www.fractalanalytics.com/about/career/join-usAbout Fractal AnalyticsFounded in 2000, Fractal Analytics is a global analytics firm that helps Fortune 500 companies gain competitive advantage through, deep understanding of consumers and better data-driven decisions. With over 850 people across 16 offices around the world, we help deliver insight, innovation and impact through predictive analytics and visual storytelling. To infuse more powerful insights into business decision-making processes, we have partnered with Martin Lindstrom, author of Small Data. Our CultureWe are a Glassdoor open company, with a focus on learning and growth. We have strictly banned the use of the word ‘resource’ and reinforce the value of ‘Respect and Fairness’. Recently, Analytics India Magazine listed us in the ‘Top 10 Boutique Analytics Firms in India’ to work with (2nd time in row); See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Shikha’s Articles & Activity 20,068 followers Fractal Analytics is Hiring!! Shikha Bakshi on LinkedIn See all articles Read this article by Sameer Dhanrajani to learn about the challenges faced by #CDOs in driving #DataManagement and #DataScience initiatives forward, and the factors to be taken into consideration to realize the full potential of such initiatives Shikha shared this Fractal Analytics is hiring a Senior Consultant - Advance Analytics Shikha shared this Data when used the right way can inform strategic decisions, help companies outperform their peers and make them more resilient in weathering storms. Read Srikanth Velamakanni’s narration about such a transformation at HDFC bank during its formative years Shikha shared this See all activity Experience Senior Manager - Recruitment Company Name Fractal Analytics Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Gurgaon, India Fractal Analytics is a global analytics firm that serves Fortune 500 companies gain a competitive advantage by providing them a deep understanding of consumers and tools to improve business efficiency. Producing accelerated analytics that generates data-driven decisions, Fractal Analytics delivers insight, innovation and impact through advanced analytics and visual story-telling. Fractal Analytics was in founded in 2000 and has 850+ people in 13 offices around the world serving clients in over 100 countries. Fractal Analytics is backed by TA Associates, a global growth private equity firm, and recently partnered with Aimia, a global loyalty and consumer insights firm.Fractal Analytics raises USD 100 million in a strategic partnership with Khazanah.Part of Human Capital team at Fractal Analytics www.fractalanalytics.com Media (1) This position has 1 media Fractal Analytics | CPG | Financial Services | Retail | Insurance | Telecom | Life Sciences | Government | Technology | Fractal Analytics | CPG | Financial Services | Retail | Insurance | Telecom | Life Sciences | Government | Technology | This media is a link Manager (Analytics / Actuarial / ITES recruitment Consultant) Company Name Mancer Consulting Services Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Location Delhi Analytics, Actuarial, ITES Recruitment across levelSAS + Analysis / Modeling / ReportingLocation: Noida, Gurgaon, Kolkatta , Mumbai HR Exec Company Name XL Capital Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 5 mos Education GSBA Degree Name MBA Field Of Study HR Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 MCRPV Degree Name BCA Field Of Study Computers Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 NIIT Degree Name GNIIT Field Of Study Computer See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 730 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by Avik Sarkar, Ph.D. and 23 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Shikha’s colleagues at Fractal Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills Recruiting See 615 endorsements for Recruiting 99+ Recruiting Endorsed by Bhaskar Anand and 22 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Shikha’s colleagues at Fractal Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills Talent Acquisition See 592 endorsements for Talent Acquisition 99+ Talent Acquisition Endorsed by Bhaskar Anand and 22 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Shikha’s colleagues at Fractal Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Manish Bachlaus Senior Vice President at Citi May 9, 2014, Manish worked with Shikha but at different companies Shikha is a very Strategic Talent partner. She has a special knack for identifying talent and delivering them successfully to an organization. From setting expectations about the duties that the job entails through facilitating a quick interview and negotiating the offer, it suffices to say that she was exceptional. I highly recommend her as an effective recruiter Ritu Kalra HR Associate March 28, 2014, Shikha worked with Ritu in the same group Shikha is absolutely a great person to work with.She is a wonderful team player and fabulous individual contributor.A friend , philospher and guide to me.Wish you all the best for your future endeavours !!! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Swiss Re 148,522 followers Paternoster 107 followers Genpact Analytics 4,297 members XL Catlin 52,428 followers LinkedIn Talent Solutions 174,424 followers Prudential Assurance 28,683 followers See all See all following
More Actions Meredith has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Meredith V. Pollock, MBA Data Science Professional American Bankers Association The George Washington University - School of Business Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Meredith V. Pollock works directly with clients to identify key business questions and translates analytic results into financial impact and actionable recommendations. Pollock has experience in data mining, predictive analytics, text mining, marketing research, marketing and advertising, link analysis, resource optimization, financial modeling, and risk management. Pollock has managed projects and consulted clients in a range of industries including Financial Services, Federal Government, E-Commerce, Telecommunications, News & Broadcasting, International Trade, Advertising & Public Relations, Agriculture, and multiple Non-Profit organizations. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Research Manager/Senior Analyst Company Name American Bankers Association Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Washington, D.C. Research and analysis of payment and deposit account fraud, risk management, and other topics that impact the financial services industry. Data Scientist and Project Lead Company Name Elder Research, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Fraud detection via data mining, predictive analytics, machine learning, anomaly detection, and text mining. Data and Research Analyst Company Name National Public Radio (NPR) Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Washington, DC Audience insight and research. Competitive media analysis. Assistant Account Executive Company Name North Bridge Communications Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Washington, DC Communications and public affairs strategy and implementation. Education The George Washington University - School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Focus in Decision Sciences University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan-Flagler Business School Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Focus in Marketing Activities and Societies: Delta Sigma Pi Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 1 endorsement for Data Science 1 Data Science Dmitri Adler has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Modeling See 1 endorsement for Predictive Modeling 1 Predictive Modeling Aaron Burciaga has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Information Technology See 1 endorsement for Information Technology 1 Information Technology Aaron Burciaga has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Kent Martin NPR Corporate Sponsorship June 22, 2010, Kent worked with Meredith in different groups I rely on Meredith for a quick, thorough turnarounnd on research projects for my sales clients. She has been very responsive and gets my projects done right and on time. Kate Connors Account Supervisor at PAN Communications April 8, 2010, Meredith managed Kate directly Katherine was a wonderful intern. She's smart, a fast learner, eager, energetic, and always got her worked done on time and accurately. I really appreciated the time she interned in our department. I'm sure she'll be a great success where ever she ends up. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,197 followers Research Methods and Data Science 31,261 members DCFemTech 164 members UNC Kenan-Flagler Alliance of Minority Business Student (AMBS) Alumni Association 366 members United States Department of Defense 120,112 followers The Marketing Research & Insights Group | Powered by Quirk's 62,917 members See all See all following
More Actions Satyasheel has a account Satyasheel . Data Scientist at Data Reply UK | Deep Learning | Computer Vision | Self-Driving Cars Data Reply UK Udacity London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Scientist at Data Reply UK. Did my masters from Royal Holloway, University of London (MSc Machine Learning) with a keen interest in Data science, Large-scale Machine Learning and predictive analytics. - Keen interest in Self-Driving cars and worked on several self-driving car projects - Experience in providing Predictive modelling solutions to one of aviation sector organisation. - Experience in providing analytical insights to one of leading energy sector organisation in USA. - Part time Kaggeler (as an interest and new learning). Participated in different kaggle competition (profile link included below)My Blog on Machine Learning and Self-Driving Driving Cars : https://medium.com/@gruby/My Kaggle profile: https://www.kaggle.com/satyasheel See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Satyasheel’s Articles & Activity 826 followers Advance Lane Finding - CarND Satyasheel . on LinkedIn See 4 more articles Marios Michailidis: How to become a Kaggle #1: An introduction to model stacking Satyasheel liked #IoT without #Blockchain technology... #ransomware Satyasheel liked Practical Machine Learning With Event Streaming Satyasheel liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name Data Reply UK Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location London, United Kingdom Data Scientist at Data Reply UK mainly focused on Distributed Machine Learning and optimization techniques. Data Scientist Company Name Cyient Insights Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Hyderabad Area, India As a Data Scientist at Cyient-Insights my primary work was to develop, validate different statistical learning model. I am also involved in development of Advance analytical platform for Cyients global customers. Worked on analytics project for aviation and energy sector (both projects involves R for all analytic work and python for scraping of data from multiple JSON files). I was also the primary instructor of python and basic machine learning with python for new employee. Systems Engineer Company Name Infosys Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Hyderabad Area, India Worked on implementing business rules and automated decision making application for enterprise lending system for leading financial Institution. I was also the assistance instructor for trainee employee in business process management (Mainly PEGA). Education Udacity Degree Name Self Driving Car Engineer Nanodegree Field Of Study Autonomous Driving Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 - Deep learning for self-driving cars.- Sensor fusion. - Reinforcement learning for Self-Driving cars. Media (1) This position has 1 media Self-Driving Car Engineer Nanodegree | Udacity Self-Driving Car Engineer Nanodegree | Udacity This media is a link Royal Holloway, University of London Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Machine Learning Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Student representative in Staff Student Committee International School of Engineering (INSOFE) Degree Name Certificate Program in Engineering Excellence Field Of Study Big Data Analytics and Optimization Grade 70% Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Applied Engineering Program: Focus on Data Science/Data Analytics(this includes Machine Learning, Text Analytics, Statistical Modeling, Predictive Analytics, Optimization and Decision Making and Advanced Analytics Techniques), and current Big Data Technology(Like Hadoop, MapReduce etc) See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 53 endorsements for Machine Learning 53 Machine Learning Endorsed by Arturo Polanco Lozano, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Satyasheel’s colleagues at Cyient Insights Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 49 endorsements for Python 49 Python Endorsed by Flávio Mariano A P Carvalho and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Satyasheel’s colleagues at Cyient Insights Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 41 endorsements for Java 41 Java Endorsed by Flávio Mariano A P Carvalho and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Satyasheel’s colleagues at Cyient Insights Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (3) M Kumar Data Analytics Consultant & SME August 25, 2015, Satyasheel worked with M in the same group What a wonderful programmer Satya is. I am writing this recommendation because I am very much impressed with him and his skills. A keen and sharp learner and always looking for best possible insights from the data. It was a pleasure working with him in the team. I am sure he is an asset to any organization he would be with. Satya is not only proactive, result oriented, responsible and technically sound but is always ready to put all his energy and time to get the job done. Pradeep Shetty Advanced Analytics Manager & Principal Data Scientist August 22, 2015, Satyasheel worked with Pradeep in the same group Satya is one of the keen learner I have worked with. His understanding of machine learning concepts and implementation of the same is commendable. He is technology savvy and he can pick up new technologies on the fly. We worked briefly on one of the IOT projects and I was impressed with Satyas ability to understand the new concepts and quickly implement them. Satya has great attitude and keen intellectual appetite. I highly recommend him in the field of data science & big data technologies. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations SHREYAK TIWARI Data Scientist at Triometric July 9, 2016, Satyasheel and SHREYAK were students together What a sharp minded person he is. We done our master in Machine Learning from Royal Holloway University of London. His never ending learning process is what inspires other to get into new things. His understanding of Machine Learning theory mainly optimization theory is good. We also worked together in one of the university big data project which was a very good learning for us. I had a good time learning new things with him. I wish him a great success in future. Rahul Thangeda Data Scientist April 8, 2016, Rahul worked with Satyasheel in the same group Rahul an excellent recourse plus a master at understanding business problems in Data Science technology domain. I have worked with him one of the business problem in life science domain, he is the guy who understands the required domain for and made it very simple for other team member. He is also a quick learner of new technology which is very rare skill in this profession. On a personal point he is one of the nicest guy I have ever met. Any team will be very happy to have him as a team member, I really enjoyed working with him. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Satyasheel has 20 courses 20 Expand courses section Courses Applied Probability Communication, Ethical and IP Challenges for Analytics Professionals Data Analysis Engineering Big Data with R and Hadoop Ecosystem Essential Business Skills for a Data Scientist Essential Engineering Skills in Big Data Analytics Intelligent Agents and Multi-agent Systems Large-Scale Data Storage and Processing Machine Learning Machine Learning(Coursera) Satyasheel has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Statistical Inference R Programming Big Data Analytics and Optimization Machine Learning Satyasheel has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Crime Incident Analysis Song Recommendation System Stocks Portfolio Optimization Lunar Regolith Excavator Satyasheel has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Satyasheel has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Big Data Scholarship Interests Python Community 138,809 members Hortonworks 69,372 followers Recode 723,610 followers Samsung IoT 896 members Royal Holloway, University of London 49,794 followers Royal Holloway, University of London 51,913 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mohammad has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Mohammad Shahangian Head of Data Science at Pinterest (Hiring!) Pinterest University of California, Los Angeles San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I enjoy solving problems with people who are passionate about what they do.I am an expert in large scale data analysis and producing actionable insights that shape products. I lead Pinterest's Data Science org. Originally joined as 8th engineer and 1st data scientist and founded several programs/teams as an IC and Manager. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Mohammad’s Activity 968 followers /dev/color is going to help 10,000 Black software engineers become industry leaders in tech… and we need a bigger team to do it! If you’ve got friends who love startups and are into social impact, /dev/color could have the role for them! Reach out to careers@devcolor.org if you, or someone you know, is interested in either of these roles. Director of Business Development. We're a non-profit that runs like a business. We generate revenue from companies for providing our learning and development program for their engineers. The Director of Business Development will drive those efforts. More details: https://lnkd.in/eCiccae Senior Product Manager (details) We treat our program like a tech product. We're looking for someone with the skills to rapidly iterate, prioritize features, and drive product development to grow the quality and scale of our A* program. More details: https://lnkd.in/e7McBjj Our organization empowers Black software engineers to help one another accomplish ambitious career goals. We've grown our member base 8x in the last year and now have active chapters in SF & NYC. These roles are opportunities to help build the next great force for pushing Black software engineers forward. Mohammad liked Introducing Empower, an app that puts you in charge of your money Mohammad liked Data @Scale 2017 Mohammad liked See all activity Experience Head of Data Science Company Name Pinterest Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs We're hiring data scientists with 1+ years of experience. Reach me at mohammad[@]pinterest.com.2014-2016 -- Managed 3 Discovery Teams Discovery Science- Applying data science and human computation to evaluate and improve Search, Homefeed, Related Pins and Topics. Responsible for deciding which algorithms get launched.Content Signals - Modeling team responsible for the underlying signals that power Pinterest's search and recommendation systems.Content Activation-- Ranking and recommendations team responsible for the health of Pinterest's content ecosystem2012-2014 -- Managed Data Science and Infrastructure team - First data scientist. Scaled data infrastructure from 0 to 10PB+-Designed instrumentation tools and schemas for both client and server side logging-Built core business and product analytics system-Drove research to shape core business goals-Designed initial A/B experimentation system and metricsSee: http://engineering.pinterest.com/post/92742371919/powering-big-data-at-pinterest Advisor, Data and Analytics Company Name reddit Dates Employed 2014 – 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Cofounder, Head of Engineering Company Name CareDox Dates Employed 2011 – 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Built app and small engineering team from the ground.Built consumer friendly tools that enable parents to easily interact with their children's health records in a meaningful way. Software Engineer / Data Scientist Company Name LiveRamp Dates Employed 2009 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Built robust distributed data processing pipelines to process web scale social data. (Hadoop, Cascading)Rewrote Rapleaf's core distributed graph algorithm, cutting processing time down by 30%Led data quality initiatives and performed statistical analysis to improve ad-relevance and understand consumers. Software Engineer Intern Company Name Discovery Engine (now Twitter) Dates Employed 2008 – 2008 Employment Duration less than a year First Intern at <10 person startup, Acquired by TwitterImplemented first search ranking algorithms for core product. Education University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Science and Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Sigma Alpha Epsilon Featured Skills & Endorsements Hadoop See 29 endorsements for Hadoop 29 Hadoop Endorsed by Thomas Kielbus and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Mohammad’s colleagues at Pinterest Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 22 endorsements for Python 22 Python Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Mohammad’s colleagues at Pinterest Click and drag to reorder skills Ruby See 19 endorsements for Ruby 19 Ruby Endorsed by Eddie Siegel and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mohammad’s colleagues at Pinterest Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,198 followers Algorithms and Data Structures Development 28,962 members Sarah TavelSarah Tavel is a LinkedIn Influencer General Partner at Benchmark Capital 23,075 followers First Round Capital 14,299 followers CareDox, Inc. 268 followers Ruby on Rails 85,742 members See all See all following
More Actions Raja has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Raja Iqbal Founder, Data Science Dojo (Hiring for multiple positions in engineering, marketing and technical writing) Data Science Dojo Stanford University Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced data scientist and entrepreneur. Founder of Data Science Dojo, a global leader in data science and data engineering training and solution. Data Science Dojo has trained more ~2000 aspiring data science and machine learning professionals from over 200 companies in 9 countries. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Raja’s Activity 2,197 followers Hearst Stations Rolling Out on Haystack TV Raja liked Digital Marketing Analyst (Data Vizualisation) Raja liked Fruits are more likely to be ordered than veggies. Healthier snacks more likely to be purchased earlier in the day than later in the day (as opposed to ice cream). Good read... Raja shared this Lyft And Blue Cross Partner To Get Patients Rides To The Doctor Raja liked Hello Folks, I'm building a world class Solutions Architecture team here at Oracle Bare Metal Cloud. Looking for people with good knowledge of Cloud computing and deep hands-on expertise in Oracle products, Microsoft solutions, Big Data, Machine Learning, Analytics, Containers/Linux and Open Source technologies. If you are an experienced technologist with these skills and would like be part of a high-growth high-caliber team, please reach out to me. Have a great day! Raja liked You hear the term "Data is the New Oil". This is a comparison between the list of top 10 companies by market capitalization in the years 2011 and 2017. In 2011 it was dominated by oil companies. In 2017 it is dominated by companies that have a lot of data about consumers. This is part of the overall trend that shifted power from the enterprise to the consumer, which (in my opinion) the iPhone played a major role in. SOURCE OF THE TABLES: Wikipedia. Raja liked See all activity Experience Founder and CEO Company Name Data Science Dojo Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Bellevue, WA Leading a passionate team aspiring to build the best data science training company in the world. Entrepreneur Company Name Stanford University Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Learned necessary lessons as first time entrepreneur, sometimes the hard way. Software Development Engineer Company Name Microsoft Corporation - AdCenter Ads Relevance Team Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Bellevue, WA • Feature Engineering for improving relevance in Bing Ads.• Worked on adding new semantic, user and advertiser features.• Added new data to training pipeline based on the user and advertiser DSATs. Applied Researcher / Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Corporation - AdCenter Marketplace Analytics Team Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Bellevue, WA • Solid understanding of paid search advertising marketplace.• Performed thorough analyses to understand any shifts in user or advertiser behavior in the marketplace.• Worked on delivering RAIS (Rich Ads in Search) feature. Developed a deep understanding of selection, relevance, click prediction, online auctions and delivery mechanism of ads in paid search. Software Development Engineer / Data Analyst Company Name Microsoft Corporation - Bing Data Mining Team Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos • Worked as a software engineer and data analyst for Bing data mining team.• Gained deep experience in web analytics, big data, ETL, online experimentation and Microsoft proprietary tools for mining large scale data.• Performed business critical analyses and investigations for live site issues• Defined, implemented and validated metrics for online experimentation.• Regularly worked with the feature and partner teams in designing, running and evaluating online experiments.• Conducted a series of machine learning tutorials for beginners. The tutorials have been a recommended resources for new employees at Microsoft Online Services Division• Conducted tutorials on online experimentation, A/B testing and R programming.• Regular presenter at Bing new employees’ boot camp. • Managed an intern who worked on an automatic anomaly detection tool. See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Organizations, Technology and Entrepreneurship Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2013 Tulane University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 NED University of Engineering and Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (BE) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Activities and Societies: Student chapter Chair of IEEE at NED University of Engineering and Technology See more education Volunteer Experience Stanford OVAL (Outreach Volunteer Alumni Link) Admission Volunteer Company Name Stanford University Dates volunteered Oct 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 8 mos Cause Education OVAL stands for Outreach Volunteer Alumni Link. OVAL members are alumni (and occasionally parent) ambassadors across the country and around the world who represent Stanford for the Office of Undergraduate Admission in outreach activities.OVAL volunteers share their Stanford experiences with students and serve as resources for students who want to learn more about Stanford.Conducted applicant interviews for undergraduate applicants in Seattle area. Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 127 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Zijian Zheng and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 51 of Raja’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 107 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Zijian Zheng and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 41 of Raja’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 103 endorsements for Big Data 99+ Big Data Endorsed by Zijian Zheng and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 40 of Raja’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (0) avneet singh Data Scientist at Microsoft November 29, 2012, Raja worked with avneet in the same group I have worked with Raja in various teams at Microsoft over the last 4 years. Raja is deeply passionate about extracting every ounce of information from the data he analyses. He is very meticulous with preparing the data, ensuring the data is clean, the scripts getting the data are bug free and the visualization of data is exactly what is needed.At Bing data mining team, Raja was the backbone of Bing’s online experimentation platform. Key senior people in the experimentation relied fully on him to ensure the results are accurate and the pipeline is functioning as expected. He has also been doing great work in machine learning using cloud tools built internally and also open source software like R. He is well versed and efficient in various R packages for performing statistical analysis, visualization and machine learning. Raja has also been active in giving tutorials on Machine Learning, Online Experimentation and R Programming for Online Services Division employees at Microsoft. His ‘Introduction to Machine Learning’ series is a recommended learning resource for all employees. Raja also organized reading groups where members of the group can discuss research papers from recent conferences relevant to the day to day engineering and research problems we face at work.Raja is seen by his peers as someone with strong work ethic and solid skillset in data mining, web analytics, machine learning and online advertising. I can recommend him for any engineering or research role in these areas without any hesitation. Tony Liu Product Manager at Facebook December 25, 2012, Tony and Raja were students together I worked with Raja on a class project about the current state and trends in online advertising. Raja was very knowledgeable of the online advertising industry and helped the team better understand its complex ecosystem. Raja helped the team focus on thoroughly answering the most important questions and tirelessly worked to weave together our research. I thoroughly enjoyed working with Raja. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Raja has 9 courses 9 Expand courses section Courses Cloud Computing Data Mining and Analysis Entrepreneurial Thought and Leadership Global Entrepreneurial Marketing Human Computer Interaction Leading Trends in Information Technology Machine Learning Modern Applied Statistics: Learning Probabilistic Analysis Raja has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications Fuzzy component based object detection DNA Molecule Classification Using Feature Primitives An Ensemble Approach to Robust Biometrics Fusion Classifier Fusion Using Shared Sampling Distribution for Boosting Component based fuzzy geometrical configuration classifier LIPT: A Reversible Lossless Text Transform to Improve Compression Performance Raja has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Review sentiment summarization Rich Ads in Search Sherlock Interests Data Science Central 291,509 members KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,127 members University of Central Florida 222,628 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,807 followers Stanford SCPD Connection 414 members Machine Learning Connection 46,676 members See all See all following
More Actions Michal has a account Michal Wlasenko Lead Data Scientist at GE Engineering Design Center — Warsaw Institute of Aviation & GE Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn Warsaw, Masovian District, Poland 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Industrial data scientist with both business and research experience in Europe (Bonn, Hamburg, Warsaw) and the U.S. (Harvard), with background in large international organizations, and a PhD in experimental particle physics. Skilled in data mining, statistical data analysis, predictive modeling, programming, team leadership, public presentations, technical writing and teaching. Passionate about building high-quality, practical, data-driven solutions and team development. Invited speaker at the 2017 Data Science Summit Central Europe, 2016 Big Data Technology Summit in Warsaw, 2016 Polish Business Analytics Summit, the Warsaw Data Science Meetup (2016), and 2014 Orange Machine-to-Machine Conference. 2017 GE Transportation Engineering Recognition Award (ERD@EDC), 3x Engineering Design Center recognition awards winner, 2016 & 2015.GENERAL SKILLS: data science & statistics, quantitative & qualitative data analysis; predictive analytics; temporal data mining; anomaly detection; applied research; programming; strong communications & public speaking; team leadership and mentoringCOMPUTING SKILLS: analytics tools: R (> 6 years), SAS & SAS Enterprise Miner (> 5 years), SQL (> 5 years), Matlab (2 years), C/C++ (ROOT) & Fortran (during PhD & MSc) ; currently studying Python for data science; platforms: Mac, Linux/Unix, MS WindowsLANGUAGES: English (full professional proficiency), Polish (fluent, native language), German (limited working proficiency) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Michal’s Activity Już niebawem w ICM szkolenie dla inżynierów wielkich danych: "Przetwarzanie Big Data z wykorzystaniem Apache Spark". Prowadzenie Piotr Dendek i Michal Oniszczuk. Michal liked Machine Learning https://xkcd.com/1838/ Michal liked There are too many machine learning papers! Michal replied to a comment 2004 email from Jeff Bezos - no more powerpoint presentations Michal liked You're not a Data Scientist Michal liked Sharing a thought from a Google Director on being open to finding different sources of passion at work besides simply looking to be passionate about our core occupation: “I think people have this sense that the thing that I need to be passionate about is a very specific kind of thing like scrimshaw or butchery or a hobby kind of thing...where instead it may be helping teams to function better...or unlocking potential in people, or being compassionate where other people are not. And I don't think that we see those things. We think it's needlepoint or accounting or advertising...So, I encourage people to be aware of those energies as opposed to the manifestations that are about very specific roles.” Michal liked See all activity Experience Senior Analytics Engineer Company Name Engineering Design Center — Warsaw Institute of Aviation & GE Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Warsaw, Masovian District, Poland • Predictive modeling and data mining of GE Locomotive Systems — analytics, anomaly detection, fault detection & prognostics on heterogeneous multivariate industrial-scale time series • Data science consultant in a variety of predictive data mining projects at GE Aviation• Working at the crossroads of: machinery prognostics, predictive maintenance, prognostics-based maintenance, anomaly detection, fault prediction, intelligent maintenance systems, reliability, machine intelligence and data science • Positions held: Senior Analytics Engineer (GE's Advanced Lead Data Scientist) since April 2016, Lead Analytics Engineer (GE's Lead Data Scientist) between 2014 and 2016 Engineering Design Center (EDC) is an engineering office established through a partnership between General Electric and the Institute of Aviation in Warsaw; more information about the organization: http://www.edc.pl Media (1) This position has 1 media GE's Big Bet on Data and Analytics GE's Big Bet on Data and Analytics This media is a link Research Consultant in Telecommunications & Networking Company Name IDC Dates Employed May 2012 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Warsaw, Masovian District, Poland • Research & consulting in ICT markets; primary interests included telecommunications-related services, market modeling, business models, statistics & economics, infrastructural issues, with a focus on Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) countries • Designed, researched and created the first holistic report on machine-to-machine (M2M) markets in Poland and CEE: http://goo.gl/ph9U6Y, http://goo.gl/akUjEJ • Co-produced a selection of IDCʼs ICT industry business conferences (Mobility, M2M, Big Data) Quantitative Analyst & Statistical Programmer Company Name Centrum Monitorowania Rynku Dates Employed Sep 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Warsaw, Poland • Designed and implemented crucial upgrades and enhancements of statistical methodology for analysis of marketing experiments• Performed multiple quantitative analyses • Database and statistical programming with PostgreSQL, R, MS Excel Postdoctoral Research Fellow in Physics Company Name Harvard University Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Greater Boston Area • Designed and developed an online, web-based Data Quality Monitoring system and a Data Acquisition Interface for the cutting edge, underground LUX Dark Matter search physics experiment; • Managed a LUX ‘Control Interfaces’ software working group (5 people);• Co-organized a year-long seminar series at Harvard high-energy lab; • Managed shifts for LUX at Sanford Laboratory at Homestake Gold Mine, SD, USA• First LUX physics results available at: http://lux.brown.edu/papers/LUX_First_Results_2013.pdf Media (1) This position has 1 media Large Underground Xenon dark matter experiment Large Underground Xenon dark matter experiment This media is a link Ph.D. Candidate / Postdoctoral Fellow, Bonn University & DESY, Hamburg Company Name DESY Dates Employed Oct 2004 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 5 yrs • Performed the first ever measurement of proton structure using polarized positrons, leading to the most precise description of the proton to date; Ph.D. in high-energy positron-proton interactions studied with a multi-component ZEUS detector (within a large international collaboration of ~400 scientists) at DESY laboratories; performed a sophisticated quantitative data analysis, using several programming languages & Monte Carlo simulations• Served as a leader of the mission-critical data-taking shift teams (for 2 years) & administered a Linux computing cluster (10 machines) for the ZEUS-Bonn group at DESY (for 2 years)• Co-authored a web-service including the most interesting physics events from ZEUS • Presented results at conferences and weekly working-groups meetings & contributed to severalscientific articles by the ZEUS collaboration • Taught courses in high-energy physics and computing See more positions Education Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Physics Grade magna cum laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 Uniwersytet Łódzki Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2004 Activities and Societies: • During the DESY Summer Studies, I worked for the LLRF/Tesla Project (2003); • Exchange within the Erasmus Program, one trimester at Groningen University, Netherlands (2002); • Krynica/Poland (Summer School in Physics, 2000) Rijksuniversiteit Groningen Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2002 Exchange within the Erasmus Program Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 66 endorsements for Data Analysis 66 Data Analysis Endorsed by Carlos Faham and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michal’s colleagues at Institute of Aviation Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 58 endorsements for Statistics 58 Statistics Endorsed by Dominik Batorski and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michal’s colleagues at Institute of Aviation Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 43 endorsements for Data Mining 43 Data Mining Endorsed by Wit Jakuczun and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michal’s colleagues at Institute of Aviation Click and drag to reorder skills View 37 more View 37 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) Igor Rubinsky Data Scientist, Software Development, Management, Analytics March 30, 2009, Igor worked with Michal in different groups Michael is the personality type you remember right away for the energy and devotion at work. I can add that Michal is known in the ZEUS project for his integrity and very friendly attitude to his colleagues. It's my pleasure to recommend Michael for any position which requires excellent problem solving skills in tense environment as well as excellent communication skills. Jarosław Łukasik Engineer at Warsaw Institute of Aviation March 9, 2009, Jarosław worked with Michal in different groups Clever and open-minded guy. He is well-versed in the subject and in bibliography as well. Willing to share his knowledge with others. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Lukasz Maczewski Senior Data Scientist at GE Aviation January 20, 2014, Michal worked with Lukasz in different groups I had a pleasure of working on a parallel research project to that of Łukasz's, at the DESY Labs in Hamburg, Germany. Łukasz quickly and consistently gained recognition as a brilliant researcher, deep thinking and thorough analyst, self-taught coder, and a passionate physicist. He did all that while being among the most liked and most respected young researchers at the lab. He will be a strong asset to any dynamic company or team. Igor Rubinsky Data Scientist, Software Development, Management, Analytics March 30, 2009, Michal worked with Igor in different groups Igor has gained reputation at ZEUS as a very focused, efficient and respectable researcher. He has not only proven highly qualified in the field of sophisticated quantitative analysis, but also has been one of the main C++/ROOT developer of a graphical event viewer. On top of it, Igor is known for his good communication skills and is a valued colleague. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Michal has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Predictive Modeling Using SAS Enterprise Miner, SAS, 2015 Applied Analytics Using SAS Enterprise Miner, SAS, 2014 Effective Communication, Training Tree, 2016 European Summer School in Data Science (ESSAM-ICM), European Mathematical Society, 2016 Multivariate Statistics for Understanding Complex Data, SAS, 2014 Prognostics and Health Management Fundamentals and Case Studies, PHM Society, 2016 Project Management Workshop, JS Project, 2015 Statistical Analysis and Data Mining in Business with SAS, Warsaw School of Economics, 2012 Statistical Learning, Stanford University, 2015 The Data Scientist’s Toolbox, Coursera & Johns Hopkins University, 2014 Michal has 7 honors 7 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 2017 GE Transportation Engineering Recognition Award (ERD) Engineering Design Center "Empower And Inspire Each Other"​ Award Engineering Design Center Rewards & Recognition award Engineering Design Center Rewards & Recognition Award, 2015 Analyst of the Month at IDC Central and Eastern Europe Ph.D. degree with honors (magna cum laude) Medal for an Excellent Student at the University of Łódź Michal has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications "Uczenie maszynowe: stosowane narzędzia, podejście w praktyce, zastosowania" Machine-to-Machine Markets in Central Europe: A Summary of IDC Studies Across the Region Poland M2M Market 2013–2017 Forecast and Ecosystem Analysis Measurement of neutral current deep inelastic e+p scattering cross sections with longitudinally polarized positrons with ZEUS at HERA (PhD thesis) Measurement of the Structure of the Proton at HERA Michal has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English German Polish Michal has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization PHM Society Michal has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project LUX Dark Matter Search Interests GE Transportation 45,665 followers Booz Allen Hamilton 276,248 followers Big Cloud 15,176 followers MIT Senseable City Lab 1,646 followers Automation & Controls from GE 20,593 followers Market Research Professionals 101,859 members See all See all following
More Actions Peter has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Peter Skomoroch CEO at Stealth Startup [Something new] Massachusetts Institute of Technology San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a data scientist and entrepreneur focused on building intelligent systems to collect information and enable better decisions. I specialize in solving hard algorithmic problems, leading cross-functional teams, and developing engaging products powered by data and machine learning. I'm currently working on a new startup based in San Francisco. Previously, I applied my skills to the consumer internet space at LinkedIn, the world's largest professional network, where I was an early member of the data science team. As Principal Data Scientist, I led data science teams focused on reputation, search, inferred identity and building data products. I was also the creator of LinkedIn Skills & LinkedIn Endorsements. Endorsements was one of the fastest growing new product features in LinkedIn's history with over 3 billion endorsements of more than 70 million members within the first year after launch.Before joining LinkedIn, I was Director of Analytics at Juice Analytics and a Senior Research Engineer at AOL Search. In a previous life, I developed price optimization models for Fortune 500 retailers, studied machine learning at MIT, and worked on Biodefense projects for DARPA and The Department of Defense. I have a B.S. in Mathematics and Physics from Brandeis University and research experience in Biology and Neuroscience. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Peter’s Articles & Activity 2,240 followers O'Reilly Bot Podcast: Talking about talking to machines Peter Skomoroch on LinkedIn See all articles Language understanding remains one of AI’s grand challenges Peter liked We are so happy to welcome June to the team. Peter liked Microsoft #Build2017 kicks off in a few hours. Looking forward to seeing Satya, Scott, and Harry give their keynotes today, and getting to meet with developers! Peter liked See all activity Experience Co-Founder and CEO Company Name [Something new] Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Advisor Company Name Fliptop (acquired by LinkedIn) Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Advisor Company Name Data Collective Dates Employed May 2012 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Principal Data Scientist Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Mountain View, CA Led teams of Data Scientists focused on Reputation, Inferred Identity and Data Products. Was lead Data Scientist and creator of LinkedIn Skills & Endorsements, one of the fastest growing new products in LinkedIn's history. We reached over 3 Billion member endorsements 1 year after launch in October 2013, adding rich skill data and reputation signals to over 60 million member profiles.http://blog.linkedin.com/2011/02/03/linkedin-skills/ http://www.forbes.com/sites/georgeanders/2012/06/27/how-linkedin-strategy/3/http://venturebeat.com/2012/11/01/linkedin-endorsements/http://techcrunch.com/2012/09/06/in-the-studio-linkedins-pete-skomoroch-discusses-the-voltron-of-data-science/Our projects included features like LinkedIn Skills, Suggested Skills, PeopleRank, Endorsements, and InMaps. Our team's specialties include entity extraction & discovery, recommendation algorithms, economic insights, network intelligence & dynamics.In late 2009, as Sr. Data Scientist I built the original prototype of LinkedIn Skills using Hadoop & Rails, then worked with a talented team of engineers & designers to build and ship Skills on LinkedIn.com I served dual role as Product Manager and Sr. Data Scientist for 6 months following the launch of Skills before moving into management roles.We worked on a number of other efforts that mined information from LinkedIn profile content, the social graph, and external data sources to build data driven products and surface actionable insights for members. Our tool set included things like Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Voldemort, Mechanical Turk, Java, Python, NLTK, along with various machine learning and numerical libraries. Media (5) This position has 5 media Previous Next Geo Analytics Tutorial - Where 2.0 2011 Geo Analytics Tutorial - Where 2.0 2011 This media is a document Developing Data Products - Uber Tech Talk Developing Data Products - Uber Tech Talk This media is a document Practical Problem Solving with Data - Onlab Tokyo Practical Problem Solving with Data - Onlab Tokyo This media is a document Street Fighting Data Science - Strata 2012 Street Fighting Data Science - Strata 2012 This media is a document Data Mashups -Data Science Summit Data Mashups -Data Science Summit This media is a document Advisor Company Name Common Crawl Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Common Crawl is a non-profit foundation dedicated to building and maintaining an open crawl of the web, thereby enabling a new wave of innovation, education, and research. See more positions Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name Nondegree Student Field Of Study Machine Learning Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 Brandeis University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Mathematics, Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Operations Intern, Cignal Global Communications - Cambridge, MA, 1999-2000Physics Research Assistant, Bucknell University - Lewisburg, PA, Summer 1999Anatomy &amp; Cell Biology Research Assistant, SUNY Health Science Center- Syracuse, NY, 1997-1998 Biophysics Research Assistant, SUNY Health Science Center - Syracuse, NY, 1995-1996Neuroscience Research Assistant, Institute For Sensory Research, Syracuse, NY, 1994-1995Campus jobs included: Undergraduate Physics TA, Electronics Technician for Physics Department, Calculus Grader, Physics Tutor, Calculus Tutor Featured Skills & Endorsements Bots! See 3 endorsements for Bots! 3 Bots! Eric Colson and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 136 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Xavier Amatriain and 38 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 57 of Peter’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills Hadoop See 157 endorsements for Hadoop 99+ Hadoop Endorsed by Jay Kreps and 57 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 72 of Peter’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (9) Given (1) Christopher Gutierrez Head of Analytics at Mesosphere, Inc. August 1, 2012, Peter worked with Christopher in the same group Pete’s given dozens of technical talks to the top Data Scientists in the valley. On a technical level, he’s obviously in an elite group. He’s also a great person to work with. He makes time to help other teams, while completing his work, and leading a team. I can’t recommend Pete high enough. Dylan Field CEO & Co-founder of Figma October 11, 2010, Peter worked with Dylan in the same group I interned with Pete last summer at LinkedIn. Pete was a fantastic mentor; from day one, he imparted the technical, design and analytic skills I needed to develop ideas into real products. Pete's data expertise is unparalleled. If you're looking for someone to develop a product from a large data set, Pete is one of the best.On top of his expertise, Pete is a kind, caring person who goes above and beyond when supporting his teammates. For example, Pete would come into work early several hours a week to teach me the math behind machine learning. This was at the end of my internship and had no direct benefit for the team... he simply wanted to share his passion for big data.I highly recommend Pete for any analytic position. He is a hard-working, expert data-scientist who would be a great addition to any project. I hope that one day I will get the chance to work with him again. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Ajaipal "Jay" Virdy Co-Founder and CEO, Summize.com August 9, 2007, Peter reported directly to Ajaipal "Jay" Jay was one of the better managers I've worked with. He keeps up with upcoming trends and has a knack for spotting key technologies. He pulled together a great team and gave them the freedom they needed to build new and exciting apps. Jay was also a strong advocate for doing the right thing and pushing change within the organization. Accomplishments Peter has 8 patents 8 Expand patents section Patents Skill Extraction System Methods & Systems for Recommending Decision Makers in an Organization Skills Endorsements Inferring and Suggesting Attribute Values For a Social Network Service Skill Ranking System Skill Customization System Inferred Identity Methods and Systems for Exploring Career Options Peter has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects LinkedIn Skills Skill & Expertise Endorsements Veterans Hackday 2011 DataFu Peter has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Machine Learning Neural Networks Real Analysis Peter has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications LinkedIn Skills: Large-Scale Topic Extraction and Inference Large-Scale Hierarchical Topic Models Peter has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Coin, Inc. 8,108 followers Hashrocket 1,003 followers Mark SusterMark Suster is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner, Upfront Ventures 109,261 followers Lyft 47,738 followers DataKind 3,290 followers Slack 56,515 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dan has a account Dan Zigmond Co-author of Buddha's Diet, Director of Analytics at Facebook Facebook University of Pennsylvania San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Seasoned executive with a passion for building and leading data science teams and using data to tackle impossible problems. Named one of "20 Business Geniuses You Need to Know Now" by Wired, May 2015. Co-author of the book Buddha's Diet (Running Press, 2016). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Analytics Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Facebook's mission is to make the world more open and connected. I lead data and analytics for the News Feed and other core products. Media (1) This position has 1 media This Facebook executive says fasting for 15 hours a day changed his life This Facebook executive says fasting for 15 hours a day changed his life This media is a link Board Partner Company Name Compound Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Compound is a NYC based VC firm that invests in early stage technology companies disrupting or enabling traditional industries. (Formerly known as Metamorphic Ventures.) Media (2) This position has 2 media Metamorphic Ventures Rebrands As Compound, Raises $50 Million Fund To Back Startups On Both Coasts Metamorphic Ventures Rebrands As Compound, Raises $50 Million Fund To Back Startups On Both Coasts This media is a link Compound, formerly known as Metamorphic Ventures Announces New Fund Compound, formerly known as Metamorphic Ventures Announces New Fund This media is a link Investor/Advisor Company Name Stowaway Cosmetics Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area Founded on the philosophy that high-quality makeup should be made to fit into your life Stowaway Cosmetics was created in 2014 by co-founders Chelsa Crowley, a makeup artist and creative director, and Julie Fredrickson, an e-commerce and digital marketing entrepreneur. I help with data analysis and buy all their products for my friends. Advisor Company Name Nova Labs (YC W16) Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Multiplying the effectiveness of your sales team with data science. Advisor Company Name Vrideo Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Vrideo was founded in 2014 to address the needs of the growing community of producers looking to distribute immersive video and the growing audience of consumers looking to discover immersive video. We're building a centralized, streaming, hardware-agnostic, and independent platform for immersive video. I advise on audience measurement and analytics. See more positions Education University of Pennsylvania Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Computational Neuroscience Grade cum laude Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1990 Senior thesis on “Object-Oriented Programming Techniques for Neuronal Modeling in C++.” Bennington College Degree Name M.F.A. Field Of Study Writing and Literature Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Emphasis in fiction. Volunteer Experience Board of Directors Company Name Jikoji Zen Center Dates volunteered May 2008 – Jun 2014 Volunteer duration 6 yrs 2 mos Jikoji is a small Zen temple in the Santa Cruz mountains, founded by Kobun Chino Otagawa Roshi in 1983. I was elected to the Board of Directors for two three-year terms. I helped modernize staff compensation and improve financial health. I continue to serve on the Finance and Practice Committees, and occasionally teach at the temple. Board of Directors Company Name The Peninsula School Dates volunteered Jun 2007 – Jun 2013 Volunteer duration 6 yrs 1 mo Cause Education Served on the Board of Directors for this independent progressive K-8 school in Menlo Park, CA, including two years as Board President. Very active in managing school finances, and chaired the Budget Committee for much of this time. Board of Directors Company Name Buddhist Peace Fellowship Dates volunteered Jan 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 5 mos The Buddhist Peace Fellowship works for peace from diverse Buddhist perspectives. I serve as on the Board as Treasurer. Featured Skills & Endorsements Big Data See 12 endorsements for Big Data 12 Big Data Endorsed by Sam Lexington, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Dan’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Software Engineering See 25 endorsements for Software Engineering 25 Software Engineering Endorsed by Slava Gurevich and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Software Development See 7 endorsements for Software Development 7 Software Development Endorsed by Slava Gurevich and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dan has 7 publications 7 Expand publications section Publications Empowering Online Advertisements by Empowering Viewers with the Right to Choose Multitaskers May be Advertisers' Best Audience Google’s Auction for TV Ads Measuring Advertising Quality on Television: Deriving Meaningful Metrics from Audience Retention Data Predicting Audience Retention: Ad Quality on TV Uniform Resource Identifiers for Television Broadcasts The Transmission of IP Over the Vertical Blanking Interval of a Television Signal Interests Sprig: Eat Well 1,316 followers Tomasz TunguzTomasz Tunguz is a LinkedIn Influencer Venture Capitalist at Redpoint 278,602 followers Grand Rounds, Inc. 3,237 followers Kyron, Inc. 63 followers Jeff JordanJeff Jordan is a LinkedIn Influencer General Partner at Andreessen Horowitz 96,047 followers Hunter WalkHunter Walk is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at Homebrew VC (fmr YouTube, Google, Second Life product lead) 810,886 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ken has a account Ken Lord Data Scientist at SAP SAP Hunter College Denver, Colorado 143 143 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Data Scientist with teaching, training, and leadership experience.Do you have math to do?Is it the kind of math that has already made other people cry?That's what I like doing.Some people say that the biggest leap for the automobile was mass production, with the Ford Model T. I respectfully disagree. The biggest leap for automobile, the invention that made it possible for more people than ever to own them was the adjustable seat. We're entering an age of data storage and machine learning where we can make courses (for people) custom-tailored to the learner. That's what I'm going to do. I'm making the adjustable seat... but for learning. None of your employees, and none of your children, should ever be stuck in a seat reading a text when they're video learners... none should be watching a video when they're text learners... we can make outcome-based (not test-based) effective learning that works (whether aiming for a high school diploma, a promotion, or a new job) for everyone. That's what I'm building, and I'd love to have you join me on this adventure.Available for travel, but prefer to be based out of Denver, CO (USA) or Amsterdam, NL See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ken’s Articles 143 followers Learn Smart Ken Lord on LinkedIn Publish dateNovember 20, 2016 See all articles Experience Data Scientist Company Name SAP Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Greater Denver Area Metrics Development and ImplementationBusiness Impact AnalysisDashboard DevelopmentSurvey / Human Interaction measurementSAP Dashboard DevelopmentTraining/Learning Development (Human)Training/Learning Development (Machine)S/4 HANA IntegrationMachine Learning Deployment PlanningSuccess Map LearningSAP Education for SuccessFactors HCM SuiteC-Suite Document Generation Lodging Manager, Front Desk/Audit Company Name Intrawest Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Winter Park, Colorado Managed Front Desk Service Team for four properties with more than 500 rooms.Managed audit and compliance team.Successfully resolved guest service challenges.Direct Report CoachingTraining document generationCompliance document generationRevenue forecasting development and usageSOX compliance and PCI compliance as auditors were direct reports.Audited daily transactions for errors, fraud, and misplacement.Reviewed many guest portfolios and forwarded suspicious or erroneous activities. Data Science Editor Company Name Rapid Response Proofreading Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Location Englewood, CO Data auditing and processing in NoSQLData processing, regression design and testing in RUsed MapR Sandbox to explore/analyze Hadoop data lakes.Writing, editing, and matching to convert data analysis and big data analysis into proposals, requests for proposals, and action plans.Reviewed, proofread, and submitted corrections/suggestions for RFPs, contracts, pro-formas, and other documentation related to leases, technology ordering, procurement bids, and consulting proposals.Reviewed and submitted corrections for corporate websites (pre-launch).Reviewed and submitted corrections for physician compliance plans pursuant to Medicare settlements.Market Research Analysis (Retail) examining current trends and issues. District Ski/Bike Tech / Trainer Company Name DICK'S Sporting Goods Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Lone Tree, CO Trained new ski techsTrained new bike techsWrote training/technical manuals for techs not attending trainingTraining and development of other sales reps in the regionDemographic analysis of action sports participantsBusiness analysis of Snowsports and Bicycle departmentsInventory Management and AnalysisLearning Modality Optimization Tool Data Scientist, Forecasting and Planning Company Name MTA Bridges and Tunnels Dates Employed 2007 – 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area Developed MTA model using R to forecast weather impact on ridership and revenue used for budget analysis and planningDeveloped daily updating models for disaster planning/recovery to maximize ridership/revenue after major weather or other events.Developed usage model using R to provide real-time ridership information flows to allow for predictive traffic flows during major events (sporting, conventions, concerts, etc)Developed financial impact model to show potential revenue to company and potential financial impact (during/after construction) for new rail lines both in Manhattan and along MTA North rail lines.Developed optimal behavioral planning analysis for one-button purchases of cards in even amounts. See more positions Education Hunter College Degree Name MA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 Activities and Societies: President, HCSFE High Point Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name National Sports Center for the Disabled Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 15 endorsements for Management 15 Management David Cooper and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 14 endorsements for Customer Service 14 Customer Service David Cooper and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 11 endorsements for Microsoft Office 11 Microsoft Office Katica Roy and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ken has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Dutch English German Ken has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CITI certified in handling sensitive data Ken has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication How (Synthetic) Neural Networks can Enhance Human Learning Interests Spil Games 4,494 followers Galvanize Inc 5,863 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,064,543 followers LinkedIn Economic Graph 76,629 followers Data Mining Professionals 6,701 members Alteryx 36,463 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mayur has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Mayur Datar Principal Data Scientist at Flipkart Flipkart Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Mayur Datar works as a Research Scientist with Google Inc. Hisresearch interests are in datamining, algorithms, databases andcomputer science theory. Prior to joining Google, Mayur obtained hisdoctorate degree in computer science from Stanford university and aBachelor of Technology degree from I.I.T. Bombay. He was awarded thePresident of India, Gold Medal for being the most outstanding studentof his graduating batch from I.I.T. Bombay. He has published severalpapers in renowned conferences like SIGMOD, VLDB, KDD, FOCS, SODA,WWW. He serves on the review committees for these conferences andjournals.At Google, Mayur has led various projects including: KeywordSuggestion Tool for advertisers, Google Adwords Broad Matching,Google Newspersonalization (WWW paper:http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1242572.1242610) , Ratings/Reviewsinfrastructure, and Adsense targeting for Social networks. Early inhis career he has also worked on the problem of publisher spamdetection for Adsense. Through various improvements that were done byhim and the teams he led, he has had a huge impact on Google’sbottomline.Specialties: Technical leadership, pragmatic result oriented machine learning and systems design, experience in internet consumer related challenges. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Data Scientist Company Name Flipkart Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India Extracting intelligence from Flipkart's data ! Sr. Staff Research Scientist Company Name Google Dates Employed Sep 2003 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 12 yrs Projects worked on at Google: Adwords, Adsense, Google News, Google Reviews, Customized Search Engine. Worked on both the quality aspects (improving ranking, improving recommendations, eliminating ads with poor relevance or showing more relevant ads, increasing ads coverage) as well as infrastructure development and optimizations for these products. Research Intern Company Name IBM Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Sep 2002 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Almaden Research Center Worked as a research intern in IBM Almaden research center, theory group. Research Intern Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Sep 2001 Employment Duration 4 mos Worked with the Data mining and databases group at Microsoft Research. Projects included automatic selection of indexes for better query performance. Research Intern Company Name Stratify Dates Employed Jun 2000 – Sep 2000 Employment Duration 4 mos Worked as research intern on a project to do hierarchical clustering of documents from a given site document corpus. Education Stanford University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2003 PhD Computer Science Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay Degree Name BTech Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 B. Tech Computer Science and Engg. Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 32 endorsements for Machine Learning 32 Machine Learning Endorsed by Mitul Tiwari and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mayur’s colleagues at Flipkart Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 25 endorsements for Algorithms 25 Algorithms Endorsed by Arun Swami and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mayur’s colleagues at Flipkart Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 20 endorsements for Data Mining 20 Data Mining Endorsed by Mitul Tiwari and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Mayur’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Sandeep K Talent Acquisition Manager at Swiggy September 7, 2016, Mayur worked with Sandeep in different groups I worked together with Sandeep to recruit some of the brightest talents at Flipkart. I really enjoyed working with Sandeep as he gets the job done! He is very hard working, responsive, and very good at communication. He has a very good understanding of the industry practices and norms in recruiting, and at the same time is well connected to folks inside the company to get the required approvals in a timely manner. Whenever required he has worked with various leaders and committees within the company to move things quickly. At times he has done a good job program managing and coordinating recruitment drives in India and abroad. All in all, I would highly recommend him for a Talent acquisition role and would be happy to work with him if I got another chance. Swati Madgaonkar Lead Consultant-Search at Wenger & Watson Inc May 11, 2016, Mayur was a client of Swati’s Swati is a wonderful recruiter to work with, and I would highly recommend her. She has very high standards of professionalism: responsive, eager to help, prompt and punctual. She has a very good knowledge of the high tech industry in India, from the perspective of talent acquisition. She spends a lot of time to understand the requirements of the firms and the candidates and then tries to do a good match. She is selective with her leads, there by increasing the chances of a conversion. It was a pleasure working with her and her firm (Wenger & Watson) and if I am ever looking for new opportunities, I would surely approach her. Accomplishments Mayur has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Data Mining Database systems Machine Learning Randomized Algorithms Mayur has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Hindi Marathi Mayur has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization SIGKDD Mayur has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Method and system for aggregating reviews and searching within reviews for a product Interests Pulse 1,535,200 followers Stanford University 435,576 followers Stanford University 373,238 followers Tomasz TunguzTomasz Tunguz is a LinkedIn Influencer Venture Capitalist at Redpoint 278,602 followers Kevin ScottKevin Scott is a LinkedIn Influencer CTO Microsoft 147,848 followers Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay 67,004 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Silverstein Data Analyst Yammer, Inc. Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Yammer is hiring Data Scientists Company Name Yammer, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area It's a great job. Check out the job listing just below and contact me if you're interested:https://careers.microsoft.com/jobdetails.aspx?ss=&pg=0&so=&rw=1&jid=221125&jlang=EN&pp=SS Data Scientist Company Name Yammer, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area YAMMER:-Determined new core metrics and functionally associated local metrics as Yammer Product pivoted to a new teams-based approach. This new groups metric was adopted by Yammer and the larger Microsoft analytics community (eg Outlook Groups, O365 Modern Groups)-Presented business insights and analytical findings to the Yammer executive group to influence direction of the Yammer product.-Designed, ran, and analyzed many AB tests (~100) on product features (Inbox, Search, Chat, Groups) with a special focus on mobile experiments.-Increased the purview of AB testing by promoting group-level and network-level testing.-Segmented customers and predicted future behavior via model building-Developed objectives and key results (OKRs) for feature-teams.-Communicated results and conclusions via dashboarding, ad-hoc reports, and monthly core mertic reports.-Monitored and maintained data quality of Yammer databases and scheduled ETL tasks.ONENOTE-Developed and help found the Microsoft OneNote Capture analytics team, efforts including: schema creation (ETLs), data quality, KPI and metric determination, user behavior analysis. -Setup and analyzed AB tests for Microsoft OneNote (10+).-Developed business insights for OneNote which affected the direction of their design.Office Online-Worked with the Microsoft WAC team as a lead analyst to improve the product with data. -Helped to implement and troubleshoot the first A/B tests run for all of Microsoft Office 365. Owner Company Name Philadelphia Phoenix Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos National Coaching Committee Chair Company Name USA Ultimate Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Boulder, Colorado -Promoted and advanced USA ultimate’s National Coaching Programs-Lead, organized, and scheduled the meetings of the Coaching Committee-Interviewed and selected coaches for national teams, which compete at world events. Head Coach, Men's Ultimate Team Company Name University of California, Berkeley Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos -Lead team during multiple competitions throughout the year.-Created and managed practices.-Devised strategy and on-field tactics.-Coordinated travel and lodging logistics. See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2013 Worked on the ATLAS detector at the LHC experiment located at CERN. Degrees conferred in January 2014. University of Chicago Degree Name BA Field Of Study Physics, Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 USA Ultimate Coaching Development Program Degree Name Level 1 Certification Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 For improvement as the Stanford men's ultimate coach. Featured Skills & Endorsements Algorithms See 12 endorsements for Algorithms 12 Algorithms Endorsed by Joshua Lande, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at Stanford University Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 11 endorsements for Python 11 Python Endorsed by Joe Thomas and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 10 endorsements for Machine Learning 10 Machine Learning Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at Stanford University Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Daniel has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Observation of a New Particle in the Search for the Standard Model Higgs Boson with the ATLAS Detector at the LHC Interests Pulse 1,535,201 followers Yammer, Inc. 19,312 followers The University of Chicago 125,762 followers The University of Chicago 117,145 followers SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory 7,665 followers Philadelphia Phoenix 35 followers See all See all following
More Actions Arno has a account Arno de Wolf Data Scientist at ORTEC Consulting ORTEC Consulting Erasmus University Rotterdam Utrecht Area, Netherlands 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent During my studies I have always been intrigued by the fact that nearly everything can be captured in mathematical models. Nowadays, with more data available than ever to feed these models, I have developed a true passion for machine learning and data mining.In my current job, I work closely together with the customer to solve business problems using a data-driven approach. By combining various tools I can perform many different types of analysis. This can range from visualizing data in a creative way to building advanced predictive models.Key skills:- Excellent programming skills in R- Machine learning, data mining, forecasting, data visualization- Strong communication and social skillsE-mail: arno.dewolf@ortec.comWebsite: www.ortec-consulting.comAbout ORTEC Consulting:At ORTEC Consulting we believe that Advanced Analytics & Optimization are key for companies to innovate and outperform. We offer ‘quants’ with in-depth experience in advanced analytics, tailor made optimization models and technology, consulting services and projects for all levels of analytics maturity, as well as an analytics academy for education and training. Our domain experience ranges from Supply Chains, Capacity & Resource Planning, Pricing, Marketing, E-Commerce to Big Data. With a track record of 35 years, 2000 customers and 12 offices around the globe, we share a passion for complexity with a hands-on mentality to solve the unsolvable. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Arno’s Activity 517 followers According to Developers, these are 30 popular companies to work for in The Netherlands Arno liked What's the largest number you can represent with 3 digits? Nope. It's not 999. Arno liked Please be aware of the wannabee Data Scientist! Got confronted again today: "Some expensive consultant told the customer he was a Data Scientist since he was able to write some code and knew some algebra and simple statistics." Result: A predictive model nobody understands (so it has to be good?), build on top of a very expensive technology, impossible to transfer the knowledge and crappy performance (business and technical). Arno liked See all activity Experience Medior Data Scientist Company Name ORTEC Consulting Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Zoetermeer Advanced Analytics and Optimization team Junior Data Scientist Company Name ORTEC Consulting Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Zoetermeer Advanced Analytics and Optimization team Graduate intern Company Name ORTEC Consulting Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Zoetermeer Graduation internship for the Master's programme Operations Research and Quantitative Logistics. As a member of the Business Analytics team, I designed a workforce scheduling method based on the analysis of a large set of operational data. Chat Operator Company Name Web1on1 Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Generating sales leads and providing information to customers for various automotive companies located throughout the Netherlands. Shift Leader Company Name New York Pizza Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 6 mos Education Erasmus University Rotterdam Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Operations Research and Quantitative Logistics Grade 9 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Cum Laude University of Groningen Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Econometrics and Operations Research Grade 9 Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 R.S.G. Trompmeesters Steenwijk Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 20 endorsements for R 20 R Endorsed by Lex Knape and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Arno’s colleagues at ORTEC Consulting Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 9 endorsements for Machine Learning 9 Machine Learning Endorsed by 5 of Arno’s colleagues at ORTEC Consulting Click and drag to reorder skills Econometrics See 15 endorsements for Econometrics 15 Econometrics Endorsed by 3 of Arno’s colleagues at ORTEC Consulting Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Arno has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Exploratory Data Analysis Arno has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Big Data Alliance 133 followers Erasmus Universiteit Rotterdam 121,812 followers ORTEC Consulting 661 followers Young ORTEC 125 members R Programming 33,742 members Data Science Central 291,510 members See all See all following
More Actions Francisco has a account Francisco Sanchez, Data Scientist, MSPA,MS-GEM President at Kudos Consulting, LLC Kudos Consulting, LLC Northwestern University Houston, Texas Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent DATA SCIENCE CONSULTANT & DATA SCIENCE COMMUNITY LEADER Mr. Sanchez is President of Kudos Consulting, LLC, a consulting company focused on data monetization based on your business strategy and bottom line. With two decades of experience in Business Finance, most in the Energy sector, Mr. Sanchez is cognizant that what is most important to executives and managers is the bottom line of your business. This approach towards undertaking analytics projects ensures that data monetization is optimized in your organization.Mr. Sanchez is also President and founding Board Member of Houston Energy Data Science, Inc. a non-profit organization whose main mission is to connect the Energy industry and the Data Science community through Meetups and Conferences. Since 2011, Mr. Sanchez has been one of the early advocates and leaders of Data Science and Analytics in the Energy Industry; he's spoken at several conferences and Meetups about the benefits of taking a data-centric approach.Mr. Sanchez holds an MSc. in Predictive Analytics from Northwestern University where he focused on Data Science in the Energy Industry. He also holds an MSc. in Global Energy Management from the University of Colorado and a BBA in Finance from the University of Houston. Mr. Sanchez also holds several professional certificates: Accounting Certificate in Energy from UH, Energy Finance Certificate from UT-Austin, and Professional Land Management from UHD.KEYWORDS:Data Scientist, Predictive Modeler, Data Mining, Algorithms, Machine Learning, Time Series, Statistics, Regression, Decision Trees, Problem Solving, Leadership, Management, Community, ConsultingTOOLS: Business: Essbase, HFR, Oracle, Bolo, Excalibur, VBA, Excel, AccessPrograms: SAS(PROC REG,LOGISTIC,FREQ,ANOVA,LIFETEST,LIFEREG)R(plyr,bind,ggplot,lattice,sum,lm,glm,anova,kmeans,svm,RandomForest,nn,forecast,cv)Python(numpy,pandas,matplolib,scikit)Big Data: Hadoop (Pig,Hive,Sqoop,Flume)Data Visualization: Tableau, Spotfire,Qlikview See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Francisco’s Articles & Activity 5,777 followers The Data-Driven Approach Francisco Sanchez, Data Scientist, MSPA,MS-GEM on LinkedIn See 2 more articles Loan Prediction – Using PCA and Naive Bayes Classification with R | Treselle Systems Francisco liked The hotdog identifying app in Silicon Valley is real — and it's pure gold Francisco liked Join company reps. from: Chevron, Shell, Anadarko, Hess, EOG Resources, Schlumberger, Rig Data, Sunnova, among others at the DDC on June 14th!!! Francisco shared this See all activity Experience President Company Name Kudos Consulting, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Business Process Data Science - We focus on data monetization and data based business solutions for your organization. - We care about your bottom line and your business strategy. - We use data to find value in your organization.Advanced Analytics ProjectsWe provide consulting services for: - Data Science projects - Data Visualization projects - Business Intelligence projects - Big Data projectsData Science Consulting done right!We believe in scientific processes to conduct our projects and base our conclusion on empirical evidence. President Company Name Houston Energy Data Science Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Houston Energy Data Science (HEDS), is a Non Profit Corporation for Energy Data Scientists, Data Enthusiasts, Energy Professionals, Data Artists, and those interested in Data Science to come together and share ideas, share Data Science practices, be speakers, advocate, educate, share common tools and network. *** Leadership in overseeing the direction of the organization and vigilant to stay on course with our objective.*** Build relationships and partnerships with global organizations to advance the knowledge base of our members and to gain exposure and increase membership of HEDS.*** Founded and organized the Data Disrupters Conference (Energy) to highlight the latest companies and their efforts to disrupt the energy industry through data. Media (1) This position has 1 media How data science is changing the energy industry How data science is changing the energy industry This media is a link Ascending Roles and Achievements in Energy Accounting and Finance Company Name Energy Companies from E&P to Drilling Services Employers Dates Employed Apr 1998 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 18 yrs Location Houston, Texas Area Key Roles and Accomplishments:2012-2016 Swift Energy- Project Manager for Oracle Hyperion Essbase 11.1.2 and Hyperion Financial Reports. - We built the LOS Cube, GL Cube and AFE Cube along with 12 Workspace Reports. - WENT LIVE JANUARY 2014- Oracle Hyperion Essbase Administration and Maintenance.2010-2012 BreitBurn Energy- Implemented and set up Asset Management System in Excalibur for 3,000+ wells.- Completed go-live within nine months against 2.5 years of previously unsuccessful efforts.- DD&A, ARO, AFE, LOE, Impairments, Advisor for Capital vs Expense Costs2009-2010 Eagle Rock Energy Partners- Project Lead for data conversion from legacy system into Bolo Financials system. - Asset Impairments, Set up new processes for DD&A, ARO, and Impairments.2007-2009 Helix Energy Solutions Group / ERT- Served as company liaison for consultants implementing Oracle Financials.- ARO, Impairments, DD&A.2005-2007 Oxy Inc.- Lead Accountant for Acquisitions, Divestitures and Swaps. Advised company leadership on Impairments, Sales Schedule ,CAPEX Analysis.2003-2005 Pride International- AFE’s, DD&A, SOX Compliance2001 – 2003 PSCSupervised Cash Accounting Team and Fixed Assets2000 – 2001 Sterling Collision CentersRegional Accountant1999 – 2000 Minute MaidPromotions Analyst1998 – 1999 The Mattress FirmStaff Accountant1998 Redsat TelecommunicationsAccounting Manager Education Northwestern University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Predictive Analytics Grade 3.6/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Activities and Societies: VSCSE Data Intensive Summer School - Univerisyt of Chicago/Northwestern, Big Data Analytics Conference - Chicago Goal: To fuse my knowledge of the Energy Industry with Predictive Analytics and revolutionize a new wave of decision making tools to harness Big Data in Oil and Gas companies.Courses:* Intro. to Predictive Analytics & Data Collection* Intro. to Statistical Analysis* Database Management Systems* Data Mining & Data Warehousing* Predictive Modeling I* Predictive Modeling II* Data Visualization* Project Management* Advanced Modeling Techniques* Risk Analytics* Capstone Project: Media (1) This position has 1 media Phil Goldfeder, MS in Predictive Analytics faculty-Why the Northwestern MSPA? Phil Goldfeder, MS in Predictive Analytics faculty-Why the Northwestern MSPA? This media is a video University of Colorado at Denver Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Global Energy Management Grade 3.9 / 4.0 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Activities and Societies: GOLDEN KEY INTERNATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY 36 credits of Graduate courses specific to Energy specific courses from top Industry leaders and faculty.Curriculum:Core:* 21st Century Global Energy Issues* Global Energy Economics* Environmental, Regulatory, Legal & Political Environment in the Energy Industry* Renewable and Alternative Energy* Leadership & Decision making in Global Energy* Energy Accounting in Global Energy Markets* Financial Management & Hedging in Global Energy Markets* People Management in Global EnergyElectives:* Advanced Financial Management in the Energy Industry* Strategic Management for the Energy Industry* Energy Asset & Production/Supply Chain Management in Energy Industry* Marketing in Energy Industry Media (1) This position has 1 media GEM at the UCD School of Business GEM at the UCD School of Business This media is a video University of Houston, C.T. Bauer College of Business Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Graduate Accounting Certificate in Energy(ACE) Grade 3.5 / 4.0 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Finance Association 18 hours of Graduate level course work based on the Energy Industry. 1 year program sponsored by Global Energy Management Institute at UH. Core subjects covered:* Energy Economics* Oil and Gas Accounting* Production Sharing Contracts (PSC)* Energy Financial Reporting* Auditing in Energy Industry* Mark to Market* Oil and Gas company Valuation* Reserves Estimation* SOX controls for Energy Industry See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 70 endorsements for Analysis 70 Analysis Endorsed by Kathy Ball, PMP and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 62 endorsements for Data Mining 62 Data Mining Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 60 endorsements for Data Analysis 60 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 17 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Thuy Tran-Saboe, CPA, MBA Sr. Accountant - Property at Statoil July 11, 2012, Thuy Tran-Saboe, worked with Francisco in the same group I worked with Thuy on several projects at Breitburn. Thuy was able to both Lead and work as a Team Player on several of the projects. Thuy has a high aptitude in Technical Accounting and is able to apply Theory into Practical Function in several Oil and Gas Accounting cases. Thuy is able to Adapt to the Ebb and Flow of the Oil and Gas Indsutry as new Assignments come up at a furious pace at times. I Highly recommend Thuy. Accomplishments Francisco has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Hadoop Fundamentals SQL Essential Training UHD Professional Land Management Certificate Program Graduate Certificate in Energy Accounting Certificate in Energy Francisco has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Oracle Hyperion Essbase Suite Asset Management System in Excalibur Bolo Financials, Asset Tracking System for Bolo Financials Oracle Financials and Oracle Enterprise Packages Francisco has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages French Spanish Francisco has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Houston Energy Data Science Predictive Analytics, Big Data, Business Analytics, Data Science in Energy Francisco has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication How Data Science is changing the Energy Industry Interests FuelFix 1,302 members University of Colorado Denver 80,715 followers The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business 43,028 followers Hilary MasonHilary Mason is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Fast Forward Labs 141,489 followers University of Houston-Downtown 40,205 followers The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business 43,923 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jun has a account Jun Liu Assistant Professor at Dakota State University Dakota State University The Eller College of Management at The University of Arizona Sioux Falls, South Dakota Area 82 82 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Assistant Professor, Coordinator MS Analytics Company Name Dakota State University Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Sioux Falls, South Dakota Area Data Scientist Company Name Opera Solutions Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater San Diego Area Postdoc Research Associate Company Name University of Arizona Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Tucson, Arizona Area Education The Eller College of Management at The University of Arizona Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study management information systems (MIS) University of Arizona Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study management information systems (MIS) Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 8 endorsements for Machine Learning 8 Machine Learning Endorsed by 4 of Jun’s colleagues at Dakota State University Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 7 endorsements for Algorithms 7 Algorithms Endorsed by 3 of Jun’s colleagues at Dakota State University Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 8 endorsements for Data Mining 8 Data Mining Endorsed by Srikar Velichety and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jun’s colleagues at Dakota State University Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jun has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Leveraging Advanced Analytics Techniques for Medical Systematic Review Update A semantic foundation for provenance management Who does what: Collaboration patterns in the wikipedia and their impact on article quality Jun has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English German Jun has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Big Data Jun has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization association for information systems Interests University of Arizona 213,126 followers Midwest US Chapter of AIS (MWAIS) 65 members Pulse 1,535,202 followers Dakota State University 9,529 followers ER - International Conference on Conceptual Modeling 386 members Nanjing University 57,681 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alexander has a account Alexander Gude Data Scientist at In-Q-Tel Lab41, an In-Q-Tel Lab University of Minnesota-Twin Cities San Francisco Bay Area 363 363 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Alexander’s Activity 364 followers I spent a lot of time with my California crash data thinking about how to plot data distributions split on some categorical variable. I decided on violin plots, but I wrote up a little pro/con list for the various types I considered. Check it out! Alexander shared this Tech’s Frightful Five: They’ve Got Us Alexander commented See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name Lab41, an In-Q-Tel Lab Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Menlo Park • Currently leading a team using computer vision powered by deep learning to perform vehicle identification on images from security cameras.• Researched and built a system using TensorFlow that learned to embed images and text into a joint vector space. This system allowed content based image retrieval on a corpus of 100 million untagged images.• Designed and implemented a recommender system evaluation framework in Python and Spark and used it to develope a Python-snippet recommender using word embeddings.• Organized and led a weekly reading group focusing on machine learning and NLP papers. Fellow Company Name Insight Data Science Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area • Built Whereto.photo, a recommendation engine to find the best locations to take photos in a city.• Developed a Python codebase to collect and clean data from over 1 million Flickr photos.• Calculated the geospatial distribution of high-quality photos using a Gaussian kernel density estimate and stored the results in a MySQL database.• Built a front-end web application with Flask, Bootstrap, and Javascript. Media (1) This position has 1 media WhereTo.Photo: Using Data Science to Take Great Photos WhereTo.Photo: Using Data Science to Take Great Photos This media is a link Graduate Research Assistant Company Name University of Minnesota Dates Employed Aug 2009 – May 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area • Developed a custom analysis pipeline in C++ and Python to analyze more than 260 million particle decay events from CERN's large hadron collider and used it to make a world-leading measurement.• Designed, tested, and implemented three high-speed classification algorithms for selecting particle decay event data out of a live data stream.• Created a Python wrapper around CERN's ROOT analysis framework to parallelize combining high energy physics data, realizing a 2–3 fold speed improvement. Media (1) This position has 1 media Measurement of the phistar distribution of Z bosons decaying to electron pairs with the CMS experiment at a center-of-mass energy of 8 TeV Measurement of the phistar distribution of Z bosons decaying to electron pairs with the CMS experiment at a center-of-mass energy of 8 TeV This media is a link Teaching Assistant Company Name University of Minnesota Dates Employed Aug 2009 – May 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area I coordinated a team of seven graduate students as head teaching assistant. As such I managed scheduling, led weekly meetings, and developed and administered both the midterm and final exams. Research Assistant Company Name Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area • Classified supernova spectra using a principal component analysis (PCA) in Python with Numpy and visualized the results with matplotlib.• Transitioned the supernova spectrum data store from flat files to a MySQL database. Education University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Elementary Particle Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2015 Activities and Societies: GradPhi University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) with Honors Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 26 endorsements for Data Analysis 26 Data Analysis Endorsed by Jeremy Karnowski and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Alexander’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 29 endorsements for Python 29 Python Endorsed by Jeremy Karnowski and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Alexander’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 11 endorsements for Data Mining 11 Data Mining Endorsed by 6 of Alexander’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alexander has 9 publications 9 Expand publications section Publications Software Testing for Data Science SWITRS: On What Days Do People Crash? Sampled Image Tagging and Retrieval Methods on User Generated Content Lab41 Reading Group: Skip-Thought Vectors Lab41 Reading Group: Deep Residual Learning for Image Recognition Lab41 Reading Group: Deep Compression Lab41 Reading Group: Deep Networks with Stochastic Depth Lab41 Reading Group: Generative Adversarial Nets Python2Vec: Word Embeddings for Source Code Alexander has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Outstanding Teaching Assistant Award Alexander has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests University of Minnesota Duluth 60,196 followers Data Science Community 15,310 members CERN 8,161 members University of California, Berkeley 498,458 followers University of Minnesota 66,128 followers University of Minnesota-Twin Cities 283,295 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeffrey has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Jeffrey Shen Data Scientist at Yelp Yelp Harvard University San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Scientist working on the intersection of computer science, statistics, and business. Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Yelp Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Data Scientist Intern Company Name Payoff Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Senior Research Analyst Company Name The Brattle Group Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Cambridge, MA  Developed strong analytical, communication, presentation, and writing skills through extensive modeling experiences and projects in both the energy and utility sectors. Created a stochastic risk analysis model in VBA for energy companies to assess risk and strategize power plant operations using an option valuation framework. Developed a risk management model in VBA and R that utilized Monte Carlo simulations to predict the range and dynamic patterns of likely future gas prices for utilities to mitigate their risks by adjusting the timing and volume of gas financial derivatives (forwards and options). Worked closely with economists and engineers in team-oriented settings to produce litigation testimonies, analyses, and Federal Energy Regulatory Committee regulatory filings. Military Police Company Name Republic of China Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Education Harvard University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Computational Science and Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Courses: Data Science, Software Engineering Design, Statistical Linear Models, Computational Science Seminar. Duke University Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Engineering (BSE) Field Of Study Electrical Computer Engineering & Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Graduated with High Distinction in Economics with completion of ThesisGraduated with Distinction in Electrical Computer Engineering with completion of ThesisAwarded with Allen Starling Johnson, Jr. Best Thesis Prize by Duke Economics Department in 2011Awarded with the Pratt School of Engineering Undergraduate Research Fellowship in 2010Awarded with the Howard Hughes Vertically Integrated Program Research Fellowship in 2009 National Experimental High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 24 endorsements for Data Analysis 24 Data Analysis Endorsed by David Herman and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jeffrey’s colleagues at Yelp Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 17 endorsements for Statistics 17 Statistics Endorsed by David Herman and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeffrey’s colleagues at Yelp Click and drag to reorder skills Quantitative Analytics See 14 endorsements for Quantitative Analytics 14 Quantitative Analytics Endorsed by 4 of Jeffrey’s colleagues at The Brattle Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jeffrey has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications High-resolution experimental and computational profiling of tissue-specific known and novel miRNAs in Arabidopsis Market Power & Reciprocity Among Vertically Integrated Cable Providers You Driving? Talk to you Later Jeffrey has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Jeffrey has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Data Science Blog Personal Website Interests Dharmesh ShahDharmesh Shah is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CTO at HubSpot 752,613 followers Pulse 1,535,202 followers Model N 13,248 followers Duke Engineering - Pratt School of Engineering 3,491 members Python Data Science and Machine Learning 32,414 members Harvard Graduate Consulting Club Alumni 1,424 members See all See all following
More Actions Lavista, has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Lavista, Juan Miguel Principal Data Scientist at Microsoft (Bing) Microsoft The Johns Hopkins University Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: SQL,ASP.NET,Java,Delphi,Genexus,VB.NET, C# and C++ ,HTML, XML, XSL, XPATH, SOAP,Microsoft SQL Server,ORACLE,DB2,INFORMIX, SQL RS Reporting Services,Cognos Report.net ,Seagate Crystal Reports,Cognos Powerplay ,WebTrends ,SSIS,MSMQ ,Virtualization,Email Servers,Memcached ,SQL Datamining Services,Weka Datamining ,Lawson ,SEO ,CDN (Content delivery network) ,UML ,Object Oriented Programming,Multithread programming See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Data Scientist at Bing Data Science team Senior Program Manager / Senior data scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Chief Technology Officer Company Name Alerts.com Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Information System Evaluator Company Name InterAmerican Development Bank Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Developer Lead Company Name Inter American Development Bank Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Mar 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos See more positions Education The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name MSC Field Of Study Masters in computer science - Data Mining Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Master of Science in Computer Science with a concentration in Datamining Universidad Católica del Uruguay 'Dámaso Antonio Larranaga'​ Degree Name Software Engineer Field Of Study Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Universidad Católica del Uruguay 'Dámaso Antonio Larranaga'​ Degree Name BA in Information Systems Field Of Study Information Systems, Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft SQL Server See 79 endorsements for Microsoft SQL Server 79 Microsoft SQL Server Endorsed by Nicolas Charbonier and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Lavista,’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills C# See 59 endorsements for C# 59 C# Endorsed by David Soukal, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Lavista,’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 57 endorsements for SQL 57 SQL Endorsed by BK . and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Lavista,’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Elaine Chang 常青 Senior Program Manager, Microsoft Artificial Intelligence & Research; Chair of Microsoft Asian Employee Resource Group September 10, 2015, Lavista, managed Elaine directly It has been my pleasure to have worked with Elaine for almost 5 years including being her manager for 2 years. She is creative, positive, dedicated, and one of the best Program Managers to lead changes, orchestrate complex projects, and collaborate cross-group and boundaries. Her strategic focus, outstanding leadership, and excellent communication skills made her stand out from her peers. She is innovative, inspires others, and also proficient at involving the right people, dealing with conflict, influencing others (across team/org) to get things done. I would recommend her any time! Kelly Ebright Sr. Technical Recruiter Lead March 13, 2014, Lavista, worked with Kelly in different groups Kelly was the best technical recruiter I worked with in Microsoft. She was key player when we created the team from 0, and she recruited every single one of the data scientist we needed. Kelly was not only very good identifying the right talent for the positions, but also making sure everyone would follow through the process. She was excellent sourcing from different places, and also getting the best candidates. We will definitely miss her here. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Data Collective 1,115 followers Pulse 1,535,202 followers Jeffrey PfefferJeffrey Pfeffer is a LinkedIn Influencer Professor at Graduate School of Business, Stanford University 20,758 followers Inter-American Development Bank 86,743 followers The Johns Hopkins University Alumni 24,218 members Facebook 1,533,646 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jun has a account Jun Liu Assistant Professor at Dakota State University Dakota State University The Eller College of Management at The University of Arizona Sioux Falls, South Dakota Area 82 82 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Assistant Professor, Coordinator MS Analytics Company Name Dakota State University Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Sioux Falls, South Dakota Area Data Scientist Company Name Opera Solutions Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater San Diego Area Postdoc Research Associate Company Name University of Arizona Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Tucson, Arizona Area Education The Eller College of Management at The University of Arizona Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study management information systems (MIS) University of Arizona Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study management information systems (MIS) Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 8 endorsements for Machine Learning 8 Machine Learning Endorsed by 4 of Jun’s colleagues at Dakota State University Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 7 endorsements for Algorithms 7 Algorithms Endorsed by 3 of Jun’s colleagues at Dakota State University Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 8 endorsements for Data Mining 8 Data Mining Endorsed by Srikar Velichety and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jun’s colleagues at Dakota State University Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jun has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Leveraging Advanced Analytics Techniques for Medical Systematic Review Update A semantic foundation for provenance management Who does what: Collaboration patterns in the wikipedia and their impact on article quality Jun has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English German Jun has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Big Data Jun has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization association for information systems Interests Pulse 1,535,202 followers Midwest US Chapter of AIS (MWAIS) 65 members Dakota State University 6,026 followers University of Arizona 213,126 followers Nanjing University 57,681 followers Dakota State University 9,529 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steven has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Steven Miller Data Science and Engineering Product Manager IBM University of Minnesota Duluth Portland, Oregon Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Results-driven executive leading the launch of new data solutions to businesses worldwide. Proven success creating and implementing dynamic cutting-edge marketing strategies. Sought after as an emerging technology subject matter expert focused on data science, data engineering, and cognitive cyber-physical systems. Recruit and develop high-performance teams to deliver sophisticated projects on-time and within budget despite demanding expectations, shifting priorities, and stringent deadlines.• Broad experience across all aspects of product line management collaborating with key stakeholders: executive, sales, marketing, development, and operations.• Builds strong relationships with internal/external entities, vendors, and partner organizations.• Clearly and effectively communicates to audiences from a variety of cultural, educational, and economic backgrounds.• Lauded change agent who designs and implements strategic actions resulting in increased revenue and reduced costs.Specialties: Strategic Planning | Market Strategy | Branding & Positioning Strategies | Digital Marketing Strategy | Developer Outreach | New Business Development | Product Development & Introduction | Market Share Strategies | Team Leadership | Staff Mentoring | Complex Software Design Implementation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Steven’s Activity 2,050 followers Worth a read Steven shared this IBM Council Predicts Data Will Become an Asset on the Balance Sheet and Data Governance a Statutory Requirement for Companies Over Next Four Years Steven commented Sr. Product Marketing Manager – Amazon RDS Steven liked 3 Ways Innovation Drives Brand Relevance Steven liked Advocating for Data Science and Analytics Education Steven liked Do you know #Project DARE? As literacy on #data #analytics becomes more important, Project DARE aims to enhance the capabilities of #APEC youth. https://goo.gl/EEpKBM Steven shared this See all activity Experience Data Science Business Development Executive, University Partnerships Company Name IBM Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Lead a business development team missioned to collaborate with educators to transform education for a new world where code and data are of paramount importance. Partner closely with academic leaders to guide their transformation leading to creation of new degree programs - minors, managers, certificates, executive education and advanced degrees. Drive adoption of IBM solutions in the classroom.• Recognized thought leader invited to keynote industry and academic events• Helped drive significant global growth of schools using IBM solutions in the classroom to more than 6,000• Active member of IBM-wide developer outreach strategy team which led to city focused outreach strategy -- go where the developers are. Media (6) This position has 6 media Previous Next Ahmet Bulut interview at World of Watson 2016 Ahmet Bulut interview at World of Watson 2016 This media is a video Catherine Nikolovski interview at World of Watson 2016 Catherine Nikolovski interview at World of Watson 2016 This media is a video Dr. Andrew Schaffner - Professor Cal Poly Department of Statistics Dr. Andrew Schaffner - Professor Cal Poly Department of Statistics This media is a video Dr. Don Brown - Director of the Data Science Institute at the University of Virginia Dr. Don Brown - Director of the Data Science Institute at the University of Virginia This media is a video Dr. Don Brown - Director of the Data Science Institute at the University of Virginia Dr. Don Brown - Director of the Data Science Institute at the University of Virginia This media is a video The Data Engineer The Data Engineer This media is a document Conference Chair Company Name Evolving Education for Cognitive and Data Sciences Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Evolving Education with Cognitive and Data Sciences brings together faculty, academic and industry leaders to explore how to rapidly evolve academic programs and research to satisfy the exploding demand for graduates skilled in cognitive and data sciences. The 1st annual conference was co-sponsored by IEEE Big Data and the Business-Higher Education Forum. Media (2) This position has 2 media Cognitive and data science education workshop was a huge success Cognitive and data science education workshop was a huge success This media is a document 2016 - Evolving Education with Cognitive & Data Sciences Select Talks 2016 - Evolving Education with Cognitive & Data Sciences Select Talks This media is a link Industry Co-Chair IEEE Big Data Education Committee Company Name IEEE Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos The IEEE Future Directions Big Data Initiative strives to aggregate information about the various endeavors occurring worldwide in order to provide a community of professionals in industry, academia, and government working to solve the challenges associated with Big Data.As industry co-chair of the education committee we are focused on the future of complex data *systems* education. Data Engineering Curriculum Task Force Member Company Name San Jose State University Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location San Jose, CA We are working closely with the engineering school to create a professional master's degree in Data Systems Engineering. IBM and CISCO are industry stakeholders in the initiative. Member Advisory Board Company Name University of Washington Information School Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Seattle, WA Member of industry advisory board for the Master's Information Systems program at the UW iSchool. See more positions Education University of Minnesota Duluth Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Activities and Societies: Rabid Bulldog Hockey Fan Academic Scholarship. Featured Skills & Endorsements Enterprise Software See 115 endorsements for Enterprise Software 99+ Enterprise Software Endorsed by Arvind Krishna and 21 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 81 of Steven’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Product Management See 94 endorsements for Product Management 94 Product Management Endorsed by Eric Sall and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 69 of Steven’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 63 endorsements for Strategy 63 Strategy Endorsed by Michael Hiskey and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 44 of Steven’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (32) Given (24) Valinda Kennedy Midwest University Relations Program Manager at IBM May 18, 2017, Valinda worked with Steven in different groups Steven Miller is a strategic data science and analytics leader. His leadership, engagement and management makes him a highly sought after asset. Collaborating with Steven over several years has enabled us to establish key new partnerships specific to data science. The ongoing annual Data Science and Cognitive Computing Faculty training annual event was initiated and delivered under Steven's leadership. This is a one event that is then complimented by Steven's ownership and leadership on the weekly team interlock call. These are but two examples demonstrating Steven's strategic thinking with practical execution. Randy Kochevar Director, Oceans of Data Institute May 11, 2017, Randy worked with Steven but at different companies I've had the pleasure of working with Steven over the past two years on several projects related to promoting data literacy, including a workshop on Building Global Interest in Data Literacy, which involved key players from Google, Microsoft, Booz Allen Hamilton, and other leaders in the data sciences. In all our interactions it is clear that Steven is a thought-leader in this field, with broad expertise both in industry and in education. I admire his hard work and dedication, and would look forward to working with him again in any capacity.-Dr. Randy KochevarDirector, Oceans of Data InstituteEDC, Inc. View 30 more recommendations View 30 more recommendations recommendations Sachet Misra Unicorn in Data Science | Data Scientist at Boomtown March 28, 2017, Steven worked with Sachet but at different companies I had the pleasure of working with Sachet on a project we funded through an IBM Faculty Award to Dr. Shlomo Armagon at Illinois Institute of Technology. Sachet brings creativity and a clear passion for data science to his work. This is a dynamic fast moving space where Sachet's passion will pay off for any employer. He will be the first person exploring new technologies and innovations making him a real asset. Beth Flood Customer Marketing | Customer Advocacy & Engagement | Advocate Marketing | Drive business results | Program Management March 22, 2016, Steven managed Beth directly Beth's leadership of the IBM Champion program for IBM Analytics has been exceptional. Our global cohort of Champions consistently communicate how pleased they have been to work with Beth. I've been watching the pride they demonstrate by socially sharing their new IBM Champion Badge!http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/champion/ibmchamp2016analytics.pngBeth has a deep understanding of advocate marketing. Anyone looking to bolster advocate engagement should reach out immediately to Beth. View 22 more recommendations View 22 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Steven has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Blockchain Essentials for Developers Design Thinking Practitioner IBM Recognized Speaker Cloud App Developer Steven has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Eminence and Excellence Award IBM Software Group STAR Award Outstanding Service Award Steven has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations SIGKDD Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Association for Information Systems Steven has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications The Quant Crunch: How Demand for Data Science Skills is Disrupting the Job Market The Data Engineer Collaborative Approaches Needed to Close the Big Data Skills Gap Steven has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Scaling Up Your Venture Without Screwing Up Interests Information Management | Discussion Group 2,777 members KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,127 members University of Minnesota Duluth 61,435 followers Rita J. KingRita J. King is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-Director, Science House 467,606 followers University of Minnesota Duluth 60,196 followers Portland Agile Data Warehouse Tips: Faster Results. Faster Analytics. 271 members See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Hanson Data and Applied Scientist at Microsoft University of Washington Indiana University Bloomington Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Master's degrees in mathematics and economics. Experience primarily in the financial sector, and more recently in data analytics. Areas of concentration: predictive modeling, quantitative models for derivatives pricing and risk management, C++/C# implementation of financial and insurance models, stress testing of commercial loan portfolios, and validation of predictive models in R/Revolution RevoScaleR.Specialties: Mathematical modeling, C++, C#, and object-oriented programming, and statistical analysis using SAS and R. Jazz aficionado and audio enthusiast. Fluent in Japanese. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Acting Instructor Company Name University of Washington Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Instructor of 1) C++ as applied to implementation of quantitative financial models, and 2) trading strategies and systems, as part of the Computational Finance and Risk Management program within the Applied Mathematics Department at the University of Washington. Also lead independent study projects and research related to C++ quantitative programming. Data and Applied Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Validation and performance testing of models implemented in R/RevoScaleR, and integration into Microsoft products. Bug fixing and enhancement implementation for the AzureML R package. Linux Shell and R coding of a Linux-based package that deploys an Ubuntu server cluster on Azure, using Open MPI. Revolution Analytics was acquired by Microsoft in April 2015. Senior QA Data Scientist Company Name Revolution Analytics Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Develop test cases for the RevoScale platform. Senior Quantitative Analyst Company Name Mountain Pacific Group Dates Employed May 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area Portfolio risk analytics and associated software development (R and C++).. Senior Business Analyst (Loan Pricing and Credit Analytics) Company Name Automated Financial Systems, Inc. (AFS) Dates Employed Aug 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Exton, Pennsylvania, USA Design and implementation of statistical, data mining, and Monte Carlo models related to risk management of commercial loan portfolios for major banks. See more positions Education Indiana University Bloomington Degree Name MA Field Of Study Mathematics The Ohio State University Degree Name MA Field Of Study Economics The University of Toledo Degree Name BSc Field Of Study Mathematics Activities and Societies: Pi Mu Epsilon mathematics honors fraternity See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 30 endorsements for Data Mining 30 Data Mining Endorsed by Mario Inchiosa and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Daniel’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills R See 29 endorsements for R 29 R Endorsed by WenSui Liu and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Daniel’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Risk Management See 29 endorsements for Risk Management 29 Risk Management Endorsed by Frank Zhang, CFA, FRM, FSA, MSCF, PRM and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Anjan Mookerjea Senior Business Solutions at Scotiabank March 15, 2009, Daniel was a client of Anjan’s I first met Anjan during a training course I attended in Tokyo, on Algorithmics Risk Watch. His knowledge of the product was solid, as were his presentation skills and ability to answer questions. He also did his homework on our particular intended usage of the product, prior to the training session. The professional relationship also continued afterward. There were times when I needed a quick answer about the software, but the usual support channels weren't exactly responsive. If I contacted Anjan, however, he would get my query directed to the appropriate person immediately, even though it wasn't his primary responsibility to do so. In other words, he was willing to go that extra mile to "keep the customer satisfied". Accomplishments Daniel has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Japanese Interests The University of Toledo 95,651 followers The Ohio State University 362,242 followers Turi (formerly Dato) 6,009 followers StataCorp 2,953 followers Fuel Talent 8,339 followers Foreign Exchange and Currency Markets 55,326 members See all See all following
More Actions Usama has a account Usama Fayyad CEO Open Insights, Advisory Board, Data Science Inst. - Imperial College London Co-Chair Applied Data Science KDD2017 Open Insights The University of Michigan San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent CEO, Open Insights in Silicon Valley (reactivated after leaving Barclays 10/2016) - Founded 2008-- Advisory CTO: Stella.AI a Mountain View, CA VC-Funded startup in AI for recruitment. -- Interim Chief Operations & Technology Officer for MTN's new division aiming to extend Africa’s largest telco into new innovations.2013-2016: Chief Data Officer & Group Managing Director at Barclays Bank, Global role based in London to globally build & operate the data infrastructure and customer/client value-driving applications.2011-2013: Chairman/CTO Blue Kangaroo: personalized mobile vertical search engine for offers. 2010-2016: Founding Executive Chairman at Oasis500: top tech start-up investment fund/accelerator operating across MENA region, based out of Jordan. 2008 founded Open Insights LLC: data strategy/technology firm to help enterprises develop data strategy & BigData solutions. 2004-2008: Yahoo! chief data officer & EVP of Yahoo!'s global BigData systems/policies & data scientist group: grew Yahoo! revenues from targeting by 20x in 4 years & Founded Yahoo! Research Labs.2003: co-founded/led DMX Group, a data mining company -- acquired by Yahoo! in 2004. 2000-2003: co-founder/CEO Audience Science (digiMine, Inc.) leader in Behavioral Targeting. 1995-2000: led Data Mining & Exploration group at Microsoft Research, built data mining products for Microsoft's server division. 1989-1996: led NASA/JPL in analysis of Big Data in Science: earning top research excellence award from Caltech, and a U.S. Government medal from NASA.Ph.D. in engineering from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor (1991). BSE's in both EE & CSE (1984); MSE in CSE (1986); and M.Sc. in mathematics (1989). Published over 100 technical articles, holds 30+ patents. Fellow of AAAI, Fellow of ACM (Association of Computing Machinery), Chairman of ACM SIGKDD. Active angel investor: U.S., EU, & Middle East tech companies See http://www.fayyad.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Usama’s Articles 7,851 followers Session 5 of the Applied Data Science Invited Talks Track Usama Fayyad on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 17, 2016 See 13 more articles Invited Talks 2nd Session -- Applied Data Science Track - KDD-2016 Usama Fayyad on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 15, 2016 Experience CEO Company Name Open Insights Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 7 mos Location Bellevue, WA, USA Data Strategy Consulting and Technology and Systems design, evaluating strategic opportunities for data policy and monetization through advertising model or other data capabilities. On-line marketing strategies and extracting value out of data for providers, advertisers and consumers. SEM and SEO strategies and leveraging Search MarketingWorking with Several companies, including MTN - Africa's largest Wireless Telecom provider as Interim Chief Operations and Technology Officer and building the Technology team for the new division that is inventing the future Digital and new revenue streams for MTN. Advisory CTO Company Name Stella.ai Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Silicon Valley Interim CTO during 2016 and transitioned to Advisory CTO - Stella.AI brings the power of AI and Data Science to matching candidates with job openings and aims to disrupt the mass recruiting space co-chair of Applied Data Science - Invited Talks Track at KDD-2016 Conference Company Name KDD-2016 Intenational Conference on Knowledge Discovery & Data Mining, San Francisco Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location San Francisco, California, USA co-chair of Applied Data Science - Invited Talks Track with Evangelos Simoudis for KDD 2017co-chaired with Rajesh Parekh of Facebook - see http://www.kdd.org/kdd2016/ for more details Media (1) This position has 1 media KDD 2016, 8/13-17, San Francisco KDD 2016, 8/13-17, San Francisco This media is a link Member Board Of Directors Company Name InvenSense, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Media (1) This position has 1 media TDK to Acquire InvenSense Realize New Sensor Solutions in IoT, Automotive and ICT TDK to Acquire InvenSense Realize New Sensor Solutions in IoT, Automotive and ICT This media is a link Member of the Advisory Board of the Data Science Institute Company Name Imperial College London Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location London, United Kingdom Data Science Institute at Imperial College London (https://www.imperial.ac.uk/data-science/) aims to enhance Imperial's excellence in data-driven research across its faculties and to foster international collaboration in Data Science See more positions Education The University of Michigan Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Computer Science & Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Eta Kappa Nu, Tau Beta Pi, Sigma Xi Research Society, AAAI, IEEE delved deep into engineering, mathematics, and computer hardware and software The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor Degree Name B.S.E. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Eta Kappa Nu, Tau Beta Pi, Sigma Xi Research Society, AAAI, IEEE The University of Michighan, Ann Arbor Degree Name B.S.E. Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Eta Kappa Nu, Tau Beta Pi, Sigma Xi Research Society, AAAI, IEEE See more education Volunteer Experience Editor-in-Chief, Prog Committees, Not-for-profits Boards: Entrepreneur/Social, Univ Advisory Boards Company Name NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory Dates volunteered Jan 1994 – Present Volunteer duration 23 yrs 5 mos Many scientific Conferences: Program Committees or Chair, Advisory Boards of Academic Institutes, Editor-in-Chief of Scientific Journals, Boards of Several not-for-profit organizations Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 413 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Deepak Agarwal and 67 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Usama’s colleagues at The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 289 endorsements for Big Data 99+ Big Data Endorsed by Dejan Deklich and 32 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Usama’s colleagues at University of Technology Sydney Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 196 endorsements for Strategy 99+ Strategy Endorsed by Smita Nair Jain and 21 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Usama’s colleagues at The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Steve Deem Talent Acquisition Consultant August 7, 2009, Usama was senior to Steve but didn’t manage directly I consider recruiting one of the most important functions in a business: growing or not. Steve is one of the rare recruiters who get the job done very effectively and quickly, needs little direction but knows when to get input, and is a closer! I had a great experience with him at Yahoo! where he supported recruiting in my data organization: one of the toughest areas to recruit for. Taylor Schreiner Director, Adobe Digital Insights at Adobe January 26, 2009, Usama was senior to Taylor but didn’t manage directly Taylor was one of my stars when it came to figuring out how to show advertisers the value of targeted advertising and messaging (yes, including BT and other advanced user-targeting technologies). Taylor also conducted some of my favorite studies to help us understand ad effectiveness. He has executive presence and we sent him on stints to actually live with some of our largest clients. He was a great manager of our Marketing Insights team. -- Usama. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Usama has 21 patents 21 Expand patents section Patents Keyword set and target audience profile generalization techniques Method of reducing dimensionality of a set of attributes used to characterize a sparse data set Identifying and reporting on frequent sequences of events in usage data Visualizing automatically generated segments Varying cluster number in a scalable clustering system for use with large databases Multi-dimensional database record compression utilizing optimized cluster models Retrofitting recommender system for achieving predetermined performance requirements Iterative validation and sampling-based clustering using error-tolerant frequent item sets Data clustering using error-tolerant frequent item sets Preference-based catalog browser that utilizes a belief network Usama has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Arabic French Usama has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Professional Engineer (PE) Usama has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Association of Computing Machinery Usama has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining Interests Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,357,167 followers Fadi GhandourFadi Ghandour is a LinkedIn Influencer Managing Partner at Wamda Capital 387,136 followers University of Michigan 388,113 followers James SlavetJames Slavet is a LinkedIn Influencer Consumer technology VC 67,443 followers 香港理工大學 65,320 followers Yahoo Alums 11,308 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Selik Data Scientist Sentenai Georgia Institute of Technology Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Economist and computer scientist; I like bicycles and semi-colons.Michael Selik is a data scientist in Boston. Over his career, he has worked for major enterprises and venture-backed startups delivering sophisticated analysis and technology project management services from hyperlocal demographics inference to market share forecasting. He received a MS Economics, a BS Computer Science, and a BS International Affairs from the Georgia Institute of Technology. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Sentenai Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Boston, MA Trouble with time-series? Dropping data on the factory floor? Sentenai helps you use sensor networks to provide actionable intelligence for factories, transportation, building management, and anywhere else you might collect data with a timestamp. Data Scientist Company Name Selik Consulting, LLC Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Greater Boston Area Project highlights: hyper-local demographics and behavior inference, customer value analysis, online marketplace dynamics, and social media content virality. Data Scientist Company Name Infochimps, a CSC Big Data Business Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Boston Area Data Science Instructor Company Name General Assemb.ly Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area I was the main curriculum author and instructor for General Assembly's three-month intensive course in data science. We started with traditional statistics and surveyed machine learning techniques, including computing at scale. Associate Company Name Infosys Consulting, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Atlanta, GA Global Oil & Gas: Managing 4 projects in a multi-year global document management program: external user authentication and authorization, WAN optimization, legacy link redirection, and disaster recovery.Global Athletic Apparel and Footwear Retailer: Documented processes for online store from order capture to order fulfillment and return.Dow 30 Technology Company: Identified leading indicators of software project success using logistic regression; simplified CIO scorecard to focus on high-information metrics.Major CPG Company: Defined requirements for enhancements to trade promotion management system to improve accuracy of ROI estimates through more granular data.Dow 30 Technology Company: Defined metrics to measure a business architecture team’s success at project prioritization and management; aligned the business architecture team with company’s strategic goals and ensured each metric is actionable.Global Agribusiness: Defined requirements and estimated business value for cash flow forecasting and foreign exchange exposure reports, enabling $2.2MM reduction in cost of capital and labor effort. See more positions Education Georgia Institute of Technology Degree Name MS Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Students Organizing for Sustainability My course selection focused on statistical modeling techniques, but included development policy classes to remain grounded in practical applications. Unusual for an economics major was Chaos and Non-linear Dynamics, a physics course that taught me the surprising behaviors of complex systems. My thesis helps investors diversify their portfolios by estimating the correlation between the market as a whole and alternative energy mutual funds. Georgia Institute of Technology Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Science, International Affairs Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Erato Literary Magazine With my Computer Science specialization in Machine Learning, I learned how to apply algorithms to solve almost any problem. Computing Theory taught which types of problems are solvable, by which method, and how efficiently. International Affairs gave me practice in communicating and debating ideas, both in writing and in speech. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 44 endorsements for Data Analysis 44 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kenneth Viciana and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Infochimps, a CSC Big Data Business Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 42 endorsements for Statistics 42 Statistics Endorsed by Josh Hemann, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Atlanta Bicycle Coalition Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 33 endorsements for Analysis 33 Analysis Douglas Moore and 32 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (0) Michael Wohlschlaeger Chairman and Co-Founder at Ahalogy August 12, 2013, Michael was a client of Michael’s Michael is not only a wizard at making data valuable, he knows the right questions to "ask of the data" to drive true business results. Today, with so much data available to many businesses, it is more valuable to know the right questions to ask and let the technique follow the path defined by those questions (as opposed to technique for the sake of technique). Michael is well grounded in most large data analysis techniques (supervised/unsupervised machine learning, regressions analysis, etc.), but his background in business consulting gives him the required breadth of understanding to be a huge value to any organization. Andrew Lim Data Scientist at Custora August 14, 2013, Michael worked with Andrew in the same group Mike was my instructor at GA. He was friendly, knowledgeable, and gave us great assignments and projects that really made us dive into real-world data analysis, including not just algorithms and mathematics, but scraping, organization, program design, and so on. I'd recommend him for any kind of data science work. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Discrete Choice Analysis Econometric Analysis Non-linear Dynamics and Chaos Michael has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Interests Dennis R. MortensenDennis R. Mortensen is a LinkedIn Influencer ceo and founder at x.ai 278,080 followers Georgia Institute of Technology 189,397 followers Selik Consulting, LLC 2 followers Pulse 1,535,204 followers School of Economics at Georgia Tech 329 members Startup Stir 130 members See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Chris Lloyd Senior Data Scientist at LinkedIn LinkedIn Boston College New York, New York 467 467 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Ruby on Rails application development, Computer Vision using MATLAB Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Chris’ Activity 466 followers I don't know how this is professionally relevant, but I'm totally psyched to see Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 2 in just a few minutes! Chris liked a comment See all activity Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos IT Specialist Company Name IBM Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Managed the creation of Ruby on Rails applications to solve business problems presented to my team.Built a web application that leveraged crowd sourcing to establish a data feed for IBM's new pricing model and program.Introduced senior engineers and data architects at IBM to the power of rapid development using Ruby on Rails, Linux and MySQL.Collaborated on a project team solving complex business problems with technology and automation. Teaching Assistant Company Name Boston College Dates Employed Oct 2008 – May 2009 Employment Duration 8 mos Ran a weekly computer hardware lab with my professor helping students with the creation of adders, counters, multiplexers and microprocessors on field programmable gate arrays.Graded homework assignments and assisted students with hardware problems during office hours.Helped students learn the fundamentals of computer hardware, starting with simple gate logic and ending with the construction of a simple microprocessor. Software Engineer Intern Company Name Tiny Pictures Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Built a media transcoding server from open source code (ALEMBIK).Strategized on migration to a cloud computing solution.Created Java clients to test web services using SOAP. Education Boston College Degree Name B.S Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 SAT: 1530/1600 The Branson School Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Hadoop See 27 endorsements for Hadoop 27 Hadoop Endorsed by Peter Skomoroch and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 23 of Chris’ colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills MapReduce See 13 endorsements for MapReduce 13 MapReduce Endorsed by Peter Skomoroch and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Chris’ colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills Linux See 12 endorsements for Linux 12 Linux Endorsed by Omar Alaouf, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Chris’ colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chris has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project LinkedIn Skills Interests Pete CashmorePete Cashmore is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO, Mashable 1,274,097 followers Bike-In Cycling Club 602 members Leadership & Management 24,848,527 followers Algorithms (O) 34,402 members SNA Projects 506 members Entrepreneurship 16,576,126 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matthew has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Matthew Burris Vice President, Data Science, Citi Group Citi The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Chicago, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties:Design - Design Thinking, User Experience Design, Qualitative Research MethodsEconomics – Anti-trust, Econometrics, Game Theory, Market Assessment, Pricing StrategyFinance - Asset Valuation, Financial Reporting, NPV Analysis, P&L, Portfolio Management, ROI AnalysisMachine Learning - CART, K-Means Clustering, K-NN, Neural Networks, Random Forest, SVMOperations - Agile, BPM, Lean Process Design, Production Planning, Rapid Prototyping, Six SigmaProgramming - Apache Pig, CSS, Hive, Hadoop, HTML 5, Python, PHP, SAS, Spark, SQL, UNIX, VBASpeaking Engagements:1. “Building Data Science Teams to Support Global Businesses”- Event: Big Data Summit - Details: November 10th, 2015, Phoenix, AZ2. “Business Use Cases for Big Data”- Event: Indiana University Institute for Adv. Analytics- Details: March 30th, 2016, Bloomington, IN3. “Analytics: Finding the Signal through the Noise”- Event: Indiana University Institute for Adv. Analytics- Details: April 6th, 2016, Bloomington, IN4. “The Future of Big Data – Innovative Technologies for 2016”- Event: Big Data Summit- Details: April 10th, 2016, Chicago, IL5. “Data Scientists as Product Managers”- Event: The Data Science Conference- Details: April 20th, 2016, Chicago, IL6. “Better Food Recommendations using Graph Analytics”- Event: Predictive Analytics World- Details: October 24-27th, 2016 New York City, NY7. “Migrating to Real-time Finance Analytics” - Event: CIO Finance Summit- Details: November 8th,2016, Phoenix, AZ See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Matthew’s Articles 2,433 followers Peak Data Science Matthew Burris on LinkedIn Publish dateMay 25, 2015 See all articles Experience Vice President (2016- Current); Asst. Vice President(2016-2014) Company Name Citi Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater New York City Area • Manage a cross-functional team to deliver value on data science & big data initiatives across Citi, designing and building machine learning algorithms, mining insights and creating clear data visualizations• Inform, influence, and collaborate with business unit heads on data science initiatives and proof-of-concepts• Recruit and mentor both junior and senior analysts to succeed at Citi by developing technical and leadership skills• Evaluate data science and big data analytical tools at Citi through extensive market research and testing• Build firm-wide expertise through weekly publishing of articles and monthly presentations on Data Science topics• Represent Citi’s interests as an advisory board member on advanced analytics start-ups funded by Citi VenturesProjects & Transformational Initiatives:• Marketing- Partnered with Sears to drive $800M in additional revenue from cross-channel marketing by leveraging existing data to more effectively target the right products to the right customers• Operations- Optimized Citi’s IT operations and infrastructure using resource forecasting • Anti-Money Laundering- Identified suspected money laundering in Latin America, Europe, and the Middle East to thwart the ability of Drug Cartels, Terrorists, and Rogue Nation-States from operating against United States policy• Insider Trading- Redesigned employee trade surveillance processes to monitor transaction behavior andcommunications in response to $1.5B fine from the DOJ and Fed• Cyber-Security- Developed cyber threat identification capabilities using network based behavioral anomaly detection• Consumer Credit Risk- Modeled risk calculations for $100M credit and loan accounts for CCAR, Basel, & FDIC Associatte Company Name Mu Sigma Inc. Dates Employed 2014 – 2014 Employment Duration less than a year Location Greater New York City Area • Managed team of three Data Scientists to provide strategic and operational support on advanced analytic projectsincluding working directly for the Chief Data Officer of a large global bank• Analyzed 2+T of global import-export records to identify long-short trading opportunities using mid-termeconomic trends for financial trading groups• Advised three financial institutions as Mu Sigma’s Financial Services subject matter expert Data Analyst (2014-2013); Operations Analyst (2012) Company Name Capital One Dates Employed 2012 – 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Richmond, Virginia Area • Evaluated potential legal and regulatory risks in acquisitions including from a $31.3B HSBC acquisition• Collaborated with Capital One Labs on a customer-facing pilot to measure impact and customer engagement• Analyzed Marketing Analytics campaigns for the "Swap-my-card" program.• Determine optimal thresholds for fraud decisioning alerts that not only reduced fraud but decreased customer impact.• Organized and presented the 2013 Analyst Program Experience Week for over 200 analysts• Manage a cross-functional teams to deliver value on data science & big data initiatives across Citi, designing and building machine learning algorithms, mining insights and creating clear data visualizations• Inform, influence, and collaborate with business unit heads on data science initiatives and proof-of-concepts• Recruit and Mentor both junior and senior analysts to succeed at Citi by developing technical and leadership skills Research Assistant Company Name Indiana University - Kelley School of Business Dates Employed 2011 – 2011 Employment Duration less than a year Location Bloomington, Indiana Area Venture Strategy Manager Company Name Stanford Student Enterprises Dates Employed 2010 – 2010 Employment Duration less than a year • Implemented a growth strategy for CourseRank.com to increase revenue and users, resulting in the successful acquisition of CourseRank.com by Chegg.com at a favorable valuation• Launched a start-up providing Stanford subject matter experts the ability to easily book clients through a digital platform which disrupted the Silicon Valley area tutoring business Education The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Indiana University - Kelley School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Finance & Business Economics: Economic Consulting Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Services See 11 endorsements for Financial Services 11 Financial Services Endorsed by Silvana Andrejevic, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Matthew’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 54 endorsements for Analysis 54 Analysis Endorsed by William Casey, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Matthew’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 13 endorsements for Big Data 13 Big Data Endorsed by Chris Simokat and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Matthew’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (0) Manan Ahuja Leader, Decision Scientist, Energy Trader and Modeler December 13, 2014, Manan managed Matthew directly Matthew's drive, initiative as well as team work are among the best that I have seen. He came on one of my teams at Mu Sigma, hit the ground running and always looked for more responsibility. At the same time, he would go out of his way to help his peers and team members. Within a few months, I was happy to let him lead a difficult project, which involved cyber security at a large US bank, end-to-end.He also has a good sense of humor and we had fun solving problems and non-work related puzzles.If you need more information or specifics about Matthew, feel free to reach out to me directly on my LinkedIn profile. Warren Miles Turner Vice President, Operations Strategy and Analytics at Trilogy Education Services December 15, 2014, Warren Miles managed Matthew directly Matthew did absolutely outstanding work in our time at Capital One. He constantly and consistently raised flags in areas of the operation where there were potential errors that had gone unchecked. He also developed comprehensive processes and strategies to address each of these issues. He came to the table with, not just a problem, but a viable proposed solution, as well. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Matthew has 7 certifications 7 Expand certifications section Certifications Cloudera Administrator Training for Apache Hadoop Cloudera Data Analyst Training Designing and Building Big Data Applications Cloudera Developer Training For Apache Hadoop Getting and Cleaning Data R Programming The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Matthew has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Computers in Business: Advanced Excel Modeling and Optimization Data Analysis using Economic Modeling Econometrics Statistics for Business and Economics Interests Robert HerjavecRobert Herjavec is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder of Herjavec Group | Shark on ABC's Shark Tank | Bestselling Author of You Don't Have to Be a Shark 1,112,224 followers American Express 538,734 followers Fast Company 837,235 followers Deborah Chase HopkinsDeborah Chase Hopkins is a LinkedIn Influencer Independent Board Member at Union Pacific & Marsh McLennan 94,767 followers What Inspires Me 6,117,390 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,888 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ying has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Ying Li Chief Technology Officer at DataSpark DataSpark The University of British Columbia Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Inventor of over 70 patents in data mining, text mining, machine learning, software optimization• Chairs/Co-Chairs of more than 15 international conferences/workshops• Ad targeting, user profiling, predictive modeling, BI technologies, systems, products• Vision and execution in big data strategies and projects• Creation of data mining, machine learning, insights, and applied research capabilities• Global people leadership (300 FT in multi-geo) as well as startup department of one• Experience leading multiple R&D disciplines in highly matrix organization environment; sourced and acquired team globally• Experience in privacy governance, IT compliance• Personal integrity, professional rigor, passion• Mission driven, results ownership, partnershipsGoogle Scholars Link: http://scholar.google.com/citations?user=v8mn6QUAAAAJ See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ying’s Articles 3,317 followers Jobaline paper at IEEE ICASSP 2016: Classification of Voices That Elicit Soothing Effect Ying Li on LinkedIn Publish dateApril 2, 2016 See all articles Just came back from KDD, presented "Predicting Voice Elicited Emotions" by Jobaline Inc. Ying Li on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 25, 2015 Experience Chief Technology Officer Company Name DataSpark Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Singapore At DataSpark, we study interconnected world of digital devices and their users. The devices include mobile phones, tablets, TV set-top boxes and broadband devices, and the users are subscribers, visitors, or machines. We work predominantly with the digital trail of users’ interactions, enriched by the data describing the physical and virtual world. We design, develop and deploy software platforms as well as data mining and machine learning algorithms, which in turn produce and visualize insights at scale about the interconnected world. We aspire to produce actionable and trusted insights about humanity which is always on the move in the physical and (increasingly also in the) virtual worlds. Chief Data Scientist Company Name Jobaline.com Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Kirkland, Washington, USA Mining speech data (over 2 million of voice recordings from over 300,000 unique individuals) to inform better matching of individuals with jobs that require interaction with public such as customer service, quick serve restaurant industry, hospitality and retail among others.Serving as Advisor Data Scientist July 2014 to December 2014.Serving as Chief Data Scientist from December 2014. Chief Data Scientist Company Name EV Analysis Corporation Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Bellevue, WA, USA • Help clients derive insight from data, develop data strategies, build and/or improve data driven decision/optimization capabilities• Research and develop data mining and machine learning methodologies Director Company Name ACM SIGKDD Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos • Elected officer of the ACM SIGKDD executive committee • Advising SIGKDD business and directions Advisor Data Scientist Company Name Parllay Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Kirkland, WA Serving as Chief Data Scientist December 2013 to December 2014.Serving as Advisor Data Scientist from December 2014. See more positions Education The University of British Columbia Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1993 Peking University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (unfinished) Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1987 Peking University Degree Name Master of Science (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1985 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 253 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Gregory Piatetsky-Shapiro and 63 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Ying’s colleagues at Concurix Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 191 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 25 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ying’s colleagues at Concurix Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 177 endorsements for Big Data 99+ Big Data Endorsed by Gregory Piatetsky-Shapiro and 24 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ying’s colleagues at Parllay Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Jeremy Danielson Senior Program Manager, Operations Finance at Microsoft May 9, 2011, Ying was senior to Jeremy but didn’t manage directly Jeremy has very fine quality as professional in business operations, he has great attention to details, he always follows through, and he is patient with people. Staying objective and non-biased is very important to his prefession in a very large organization, and Jeremy mastered a great balance between staying objective and being able to keep the personal connection and as such he is every effective in getting things done.I have worked with Jeremy over the last 3 years. I very much enjoyed working with him. Gabriel Nanda UX Design Director at Liberty Mutual Insurance April 14, 2009, Ying worked with Gabriel in different groups Gabriel is very knowledgeable of the advertising industry, he has tremendous passion for innovation, and he has strong drive for solving customer problems. He is a real pleasure to work with. Accomplishments Ying has 6 patents 6 Expand patents section Patents Matching and Lead Qualification Based on Voice Analysis A PRIVACY VAULT FOR MAINTAINING THE PRIVACY OF USER PROFILES Sensitive webpage content detection Clickable video hyperlink Method and System for ClickPath Funnel Analysis DEFINING USER INTENT Ying has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award ACM SIGKDD Service Award Ying has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Chinese Ying has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Data Mining and Audience Intelligence for Advertising Interests Data Scientist, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence Networking Group 2,316 members J.T. O'DonnellJ.T. O&#39;Donnell is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO - WorkItDaily.com | HR | Recruiting | Employment | Speaker | Trainer | Career Coach | Job Search 1,807,829 followers ACM SIGKDD Seattle Chapter 28 members Steve TappinSteve Tappin is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO Xinfu, CEO Coach & BBC CEO Guru 719,836 followers 北京大学 127,332 followers The University of British Columbia 263,320 followers See all See all following
More Actions Zhonghuo has a account Zhonghuo Wu Senior Data Scientist at Ctrip.com Ctrip.com East China Normal University Changning District, Shanghai, China 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist & Team Leader Company Name Ctrip.com Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Shanghai City, China Data Scientist Company Name Ctrip.com Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Shanghai City, China 1. Building Personal Recommender System2. User Intent recognition / User Preference (real time + batch) 2. User Data -> User Profile 3. Hotel comment spam recognition Associate Data Scientist Company Name Ctrip.com Dates Employed Jul 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Shanghai City, China 1. Principal Member of building recommendation sytem.2. Fundamental data analysis.3. Participating in projects: Mining users of oversea hotel Completed data cleaning, extract and check for user-model. TTS-Intern Company Name Nuance Communications Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Shanghai City, China 1. Data preprocessing by python scripts2. Finishing a clustering project about generating templates, dictionaries and sample sentences from source dataset. Intern Company Name Chrysler Asia-Pacific Investment Co., Ltd Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Shanghai City, China Repairing a video recorder system: Employing AForge.net instead of VFW; available in Windows XP, Vista and 7. See more positions Education East China Normal University Degree Name Master's degree of Computer Science Field Of Study Machine Learning, Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 Fujian Normal University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Skills Recommender Systems Recommender Systems Click and drag to reorder skills Java Java Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining Data Mining Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning Machine Learning Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Zhonghuo has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Machine Learning Zhonghuo has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Japanese Interests Tencent 276,886 followers Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,357,174 followers Google 4,871,475 followers Addepar 3,948 followers Ctrip.com 15,067 followers TED Conferences 5,361,737 followers See all See all following
More Actions Henry has a account Henry Lin Engineering Manager at Sprig, Inc. Bayes Impact University of California, Santa Cruz San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent End-to-end data scientist, from research to production code. Machine learning background covering classification and regression problems, with both batch and online variants. I then build scalable production implementations and the requisite monitoring tools.Highlights from Uber:* Researched, authored, and productionized Uber's dynamic pricing algorithm responsible for updating prices in real time based on geography, demand and supply predictions, and prior knowledge of the market's price sensitivity.* Built Uber's ETA architecture based on a self-training algorithm that leverages Uber's immense GPS dataset.* Developed Uber's supply positioning heat maps, a toolset used by drivers to re-position themselves ahead of demand and described by one generous journalist as "like being connected to the Matrix". This research was later incorporated into the dynamic pricing algorithm.* Developed the fare estimator algorithm. While the ultimate price of a trip is based on the time and distance, the fare estimator produces a price range that helps set client expectations prior to requesting - a very valuable feature during surge! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Advisor Company Name Bayes Impact Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Engineering Manager - Data Science Company Name Sprig: Eat Well Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Research Fellow Company Name Bayes Impact Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Advisor Company Name Sprig: Eat Well Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Senior Engineer - Data Science Company Name Uber, Inc Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area I was brought on as the first data scientist and was tasked as an "end-to-end" contributor, responsible for bringing a project from the initial analysis stage to writing the production code. Like most early employees, I've worked on a very wide range of projects. Highlights include authoring Uber's dynamic pricing algorithm and the ETA infrastructure. See more positions Education University of California, Santa Cruz Degree Name M.S Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 I focused on machine learning research, with applications in web search and crowd-sourcing. University of California, Santa Barbara Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 17 endorsements for Machine Learning 17 Machine Learning Endorsed by Kevin Novak, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Henry’s colleagues at Uber Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 15 endorsements for Algorithms 15 Algorithms Endorsed by Kevin Novak, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Henry’s colleagues at Uber Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 12 endorsements for Python 12 Python Endorsed by Lei Wang and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Henry’s colleagues at Uber Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of California, Santa Barbara 169,136 followers Sprig: Eat Well 1,316 followers Python Data Science and Machine Learning 32,414 members University of California, Santa Cruz 109,151 followers University of California, Santa Cruz 104,838 followers University of California, Santa Barbara 177,794 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chenjun has a account Chenjun Ling Research Assistant at Santa Clara University Santa Clara University Santa Clara University San Francisco Bay Area 241 241 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Bio:* Data Scientist/Engineer Intern at Rakuten Marketing(User re-targeting pipeline; Asynchronous task distributing module with Python and Docker, Cross Device, Alerts)* 4 years Research assistant in Data Analytic and Visualization. research experience and hands-on implementation experience with various projects involving customer data, ads data, text data and geo-location data.* Hands-on experience with various models and algorithms, including Self-Organizing Map algorithm (a type of Artificial Neural Network), K-Means, parallel X-means clustering with MapReduce framework.* Core member of the team attending ACM SIGKDD CUP 2012, titled Predicting search engine advertisement click-through-rate.Technical Skills:* Languages: Java, Python, R, SQL, Pig, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, Rust, XML, C.* Data Engineering Related: Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Kafka, Impala, RocksDB, Celery, MangoDB, RabbitMQ, ArcGIS, Lucene, CPLEX, Maven, Git.* Data Science Related: MySQL, Numpy, Panda, Scipy, scikit-learn, RStudio, Matlab, IPython, Weka, SPSS, Stata, D3, SQL Server, Access.Specialties:* Data Mining, Data Analytic, Data Visualization, Big Data. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Research Assistant Company Name Santa Clara University Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Applied Machine Learning and HCI Data Scientist/Engineer Intern Company Name Rakuten Marketing Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Cross-device user targeting based on geo-location: Hadoop, Hive, Impala, MapReduce, Python.Asynchronous task distributing module to distribute and monitor python cron jobs (optimizations: online ads budget optimization, spend optimization, bid price optimization, etc.): Python, Docker.User retargeting pipeline: Kafka to RocksDB Pipeline with Rust and C. Research Assistant Company Name UNC Charlotte Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Charlotte, North Carolina Area Clustering U.S. census tract (neighborhood) development trajectory (geolocation time series data)Opinion mining of user-generated content on chronic disease drugs/medication on Twitter, YouTube, WebMD and PatientsLikeMeForecasting technological progress in solar energy with patent data (U.S. Department of Energy Project) Research Assistant Company Name University of Science and Technology Beijing Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location 中国 北京市区 Knowledge discovery on large-scale complex data (NSF of China project)Predicting search engine advertisement click-through-rate (team project for ACM SIGKDD CUP 2012) Head of University Student Choir Company Name University of Science and Technology Beijing Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Location 中国 北京市区 See more positions Education Santa Clara University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Computer Science and Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2019 Full Scholarship (tuition-free and stipend) University of North Carolina at Charlotte Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Geography Information System (GIS) Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Full Graduate Assistant Support Plan Scholarship (tuition-free and stipend)GIS; Spatial Modeling; Spatial Economics; Spatial Optimization. University of Science and Technology Beijing Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Computer Science Full Graduate Student Scholarship (tuition-free and stipend)Data Mining; Computational Advertising; Parallel Computing. See more education Volunteer Experience Technical Support Assistant Company Name Beijing 2008 Olympic Games Dates volunteered Aug 2008 – Sep 2008 Volunteer duration 2 mos Cause Science and Technology Technical support volunteer Company Name Beijing 2008 Paralympics Games Dates volunteered Aug 2008 – Sep 2008 Volunteer duration 2 mos Cause Science and Technology Technical support volunteer Company Name Good Luck Beijing Comprehensive Test Matches Dates volunteered Aug 2007 – Sep 2007 Volunteer duration 2 mos Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Java See 10 endorsements for Java 10 Java Jing Deng and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 10 endorsements for Python 10 Python Yating Cai and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 6 endorsements for SQL 6 SQL Yating Cai and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chenjun has 8 honors 8 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Graduate Assistant Support Plan Scholarship Graduate Student Assistantship “Three Goods Honor” for excellent Graduates People's Scholarship for excellent undergraduate student People's Scholarship for excellent undergraduate student “Three Goods Honor” for excellent Undergraduates Outstanding Student leaders Honor People's Scholarship for excellent undergraduate student Chenjun has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Chenjun has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations AAG ACM Chenjun has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Classifying multidimensional trajectories of neighbourhood change: a self-organizing map and k-means approach A novel parallel clustering algorithm PXM based on FP-Tree Chenjun has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Fraud Analytics: Case study using Logistic Regression Interests University of North Carolina at Charlotte 106,857 followers Data Scientists 49,117 members University of Science and Technology Beijing 19,650 followers Harvard Business Review 4,099,477 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,854,917 followers Deep Forest Media 495 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Michael Weis Data Scientist at Copart Copart The University of Texas at Austin - The Red McCombs School of Business Dallas/Fort Worth Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a Data Scientist for Hilti working on their Digital Delivery Unit. In this role I am part of the data science team that is responsible for leveraging machine learning to enhance our customers digital experience with Hilti through any of our digital products including our e-commerce site, mobile applications, etc. Prior to joining Hilti I was a Data Scientist at AT&T working on their content analytics team where we used machine learning to support AT&T's negotiations with content providers for their Uverse TV service.I am truly passionate about data science and enjoy using data and machine learning to help companies leverage data to create intelligence that drives internal efficiency and customer satisfaction. I received my Bachelor's degree in Mathematics from TCU and my Master's of Science in Business Analytics from the University of Texas at Austin. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Copart Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Dallas, Texas Data Scientist Company Name Hilti Group Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Plano, Texas  Created product recommendation engine for eCommerce site using collaborative filtering Created shiny app to visualize impact of product recommendation engine Analyzed and identified drivers of customer engagement Analyzed sensor data to better understand and predict tool use and behavoir Professional Data Scientist Company Name AT&T Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Plano, Texas &#149; Segmented customers based on their TV viewing preferences using k-means algorithm&#149; Created pseudo 'risk score' for customers determining their risk to churn using Gaussian mixture model&#149; Determined viewing characteristics that had most impact on likelihood of customer to churn given a network was dropped Sr. Specialist Data Scientist Company Name AT&T Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Plano, Texas &#149; Segmented customers based on their TV viewing preferences using k-means algorithm&#149; Created pseudo 'risk score' for customers determining their risk to churn using Gaussian mixture model&#149; Determined viewing characteristics that had most impact on likelihood of customer to churn given a network was dropped Data Analyst Intern Company Name DRN Data Dates Employed May 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Fort Worth, Texas • Performed error analysis on a database of 450+ million license plate scan observations based on date, time, plate number, and location • Developed software to find and correct duplicate observations in the data set• Created software that calculated date and location attributes used in product development See more positions Education The University of Texas at Austin - The Red McCombs School of Business Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Business Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Texas Christian University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Mathematics with Actuarial Concentration Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2013 Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 24 endorsements for R 24 R Endorsed by Taylor Smith and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at AT&T Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 23 endorsements for Statistics 23 Statistics Endorsed by Lauren Savage and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at AT&T Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 19 endorsements for Databases 19 Databases Thomas Montigel and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Taylor Smith Principal Data Scientist at State Farm February 5, 2014, Taylor and Michael were students together Mike is a driven and industrious worker who would make a great addition to any team. Intelligent and insightful (particularly in mathematics), Mike has been a privilege to consult with on various projects as his unique and creative approach to problem solving has proven key numerous times. I would highly recommend Mike for any position. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 19 courses 19 Expand courses section Courses Accounting I Actuarial Mathematics Advanced Predictive Analytics Business Data Analytics Calculus I Calculus II Calculus III Decision Analysis Optimization Econometrics Financial Management Michael has 8 projects 8 Expand projects section Projects Walmart Store Traffic Allstate Purchase Prediction Challenge (Kaggle) Predicting TV Ratings from Social Media Chatter Predictive Analytics for Direct Marketing Product and Brand Strategy using Social Media Social Media Influence on Twitter Walmart Capstone - Patterns of Store Traffic Wine Cluster Analysis Michael has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests The University of Texas at Austin 420,874 followers Copart 16,689 followers AT&T 660,520 followers Pulse 1,535,208 followers The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business 43,923 followers Texas Christian University 60,682 followers See all See all following
More Actions Adrianna has a account Adrianna Jelesnianska Data Scientist Capital One Northwestern University Chicago, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Originally from Chicago, Adrianna Jelesnianska headed to the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign to major in Mathematics with a minor in secondary education. Her passion for mathematics began in the International Baccalaureate Math Studies classroom in high school when she was assigned to do statistical analysis of college tuition inflation rates which led her to choose a major in mathematics. Adrianna’s passion for numbers, puzzles and curiosity of the technical and business fields brought her to the continue on her mathematical career into the field of Data Analytics. She graduated from Northwestern University's first Master's Program in Analytics in December 2013. Her work now entails predictive analytics and developing data science tools for Civis Analytics. She hopes to continue working with statistical and machine learning algorithms to help solve business problems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Chicago, IL Co Founder & Instructor Company Name Best Fit Analytics Workshop Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Chicago, IL Best Fit Analytics Workshop offers weekend and evening courses for adults interested in learning more about data science. Our goal is to introduce people to data science in a beginner-friendly classroom setting and help students find their passion within data science.We want to enable analysts to have a working knowledge of introductory data science skills and empower our students as problem solvers. In addition, we are building a community committed to sharing knowledge, best practices and opportunities. Data Scientist Company Name Civis Analytics Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Chicago, IL Program in python statistical workflows for Civis' Data Science platformUse NLP methods to explore twitter networks on public opinion of issuesResearch statistical methods to enhance predictive modeling and achieve higher accuraciesExplore, transform, model, and analyze using SQL/Python/R Create interactive dashboards using tableau MS Candidate in Analytics Company Name Northwestern University Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Evanston, IL Customer segmentation methods and marketing data mining for Rite AidPredictive analytics for Allstate InsuranceDescriptive Web analytics for Chicago Park DistrictSocial Network Analysis for MIT Dormitory DataData Visualization for Flight Data Data Analyst Intern Company Name Isobar Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Chicago, IL Investigated and visualized financial analyst performance for William BlairDesigned SQL scripts to continue further investigations of financial analyst performanceCollaborated to develop a marketing analytics platform for Smuckers, Pfizer, Macys and Home Depot See more positions Education Northwestern University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 "The Master of Science in Analytics combines mathematical and statistical study with instruction in advanced computational and data analysis. Students learn to identify patterns and trends; interpret and gain insight from vast quantities of structured and unstructured data; and communicate their findings in practical, useful terms.All three areas of data analysis are studied: predictive (forecasting), descriptive (business intelligence and data mining), and prescriptive (optimization and simulation). "-Northwestern University MSIA Program Website Media (2) This position has 2 media Flight Data Visualizations Flight Data Visualizations This media is a document My Social Network My Social Network This media is an image University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name Liberal Arts and Sciences Field Of Study Mathematics and minor in Secondary Education Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Enriching Chair of Illini Union Board, VP Culture of Zagloba Polish Club, Member of Secondary Education Advisory Council, Member of Student Education Association, Volunteer Tutor at TAP Leadership, Academic Affairs Intern of Illini Student Senate Featured Skills & Endorsements Predictive Analytics See 9 endorsements for Predictive Analytics 9 Predictive Analytics Endorsed by William Chiu, FRM, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Adrianna’s colleagues at Northwestern University Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 9 endorsements for Python 9 Python Endorsed by Lily (Qian) Zhao, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 18 endorsements for SQL 18 SQL Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Adrianna’s colleagues at Northwestern University Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Stephanie Weeks Principal, MacMunnis, Inc. September 17, 2012, Stephanie managed Adrianna directly Adrianna is an example of a hard working and quick learning intern. She worked diligently and was admired by her peers. I highly recommend Adrianna. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Adrianna has 12 courses 12 Expand courses section Courses Analytical Consulting Project Leadership Analytics for Big Data Analytics for Competitive Advantage Data Management and Information Processing Data Mining Data Visualization Decision Analysis Introduction to Data Warehousing and Workflow Management Optimization and Heuristics Predictive Analytics Adrianna has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Polish Spanish Adrianna has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Nokia Here Allstate Insurance Interests Northwestern University Alumni 46,885 members KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,127 members Data Science & Machine Learning 39,930 members Tim O'ReillyTim O&#39;Reilly is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO, O'Reilly Media 482,713 followers Northwestern University 170,845 followers Datascope Analytics 1,507 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Swarbrick Jones Data Scientist at Qubit. Qubit. University of Bristol London, Greater London, United Kingdom 188 188 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data scientist in the London area. I love machine learning, statistics, and maths in general! Check out my blog below for some side projects I can actually talk about (swarbrickjones.wordpress.com if the link below isn't showing). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Qubit. Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location London, United Kingdom I work for the research team at Qubit, helping create and put into production scalable products based on customer insight and machine learning. Mainly work in python and scala (incl. big-data libraries). I've worked on the Bayesian stats model driving our A/B tests, conduct general data-driven research, and help communicate stats to clients and staff outside the team. Data Scientist Company Name Ocado Technology Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos I worked in the Analytics & Optimisation departmentRoles & Responsibilities:My role was with the development of Java/Scala based tools to be used by internal clients, making use of machine learning and complex algorithmic design. I also produced data analyses for various aspects of the company. Education University of Bristol Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Juggling society, helped organise a PhD student conference University of Oxford Degree Name MMATH Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Juggling society, rowing, table football Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Science See 2 endorsements for Data Science 2 Data Science Evan Innis and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Software Development Software Development No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithm Design Algorithm Design No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mike has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Counting rational points on del Pezzo surfaces with a conic bundle structure Weak Approximation on cubic hypersurfaces of large dimension A note on a theorem of Heath-Brown and Skorobogatov Mike has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award College prize for performance in mathematics university examinations Interests Technology 20,769,100 followers University of Bristol 116,888 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,854,925 followers Pulse 1,535,209 followers Big Data 5,065,204 followers University of Oxford 320,242 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yang has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Yang Cong Senior Data Scientist Sanchez Oil & Gas Corporation University of California, Berkeley Houston, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a passionate data scientist! I love to extract insights and knowledge from huge and complex data. The power of asking the right questions and getting the right answers from complex data is always fascinating to me.I am a Senior Data Scientist in Sanchez's Oil and Gas. I also use my spare time to enrich myself with advanced data science techniques and practicing them by developing different data products. My personal interests are Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Big Data and Spark.General summary:- Over six years of experiences in structured and unstructured data analysis, machine learning and algorithm design.- Excellent in data mining and natural language processing (NLP).- Advanced coding skills in Python, R and Matlab.- Hands-on experience with Big Data, Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Pig and Spark.- Domain knowledge in health care, oil and gasCool things that keep me awake at late night and early morning:- Time-series Data Analysis and Prediction.- Learn and Share series (I am writing technical blogs for contributing data science community.)- Deep Learning- Computer Vision- Database See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Yang’s Articles & Activity 2,492 followers Data Science Trending in 2016 Yang Cong on LinkedIn See 2 more articles A Comprehensive Analysis - NoSQL vs RDBMS Yang shared this Our quest for robust time series forecasting at scale Yang shared this See all activity Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Sanchez Oil & Gas Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Using cutting-edge machine learning technologies to bring insights and actionable strategies of oil and gas business to higher management level. Tech Highlights: machine learning, predictive analysis, recommendation system, forecasting, deep learning, computer vision, big data, cloud computing SN has positioned itself as the low cost consolidator of the Eagle Ford shale. During the last 3 years, SN has completed 3 major acquisitions and an aggressive organic drilling plan, As a result, production has grown from 4,500 boepd to over 50,000 boepd making SN the fastest growing Houston-based public company in 2014. Media (1) This position has 1 media Sanchez Energy Corporate Video Sanchez Energy Corporate Video This media is a video Founder & Data Scientist Company Name DataScienceMom Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Houston, Texas Area I spend my spare time learning the most updated data science techniques and practicing them by developing different data projects. Currently, there are three on-going projects: BreastCancerAI, NextWord, and Learn and Share Series.- VIBO: interactive handwritten recognition interface building on top of computer vision, deep learning and machine learning- Learn and Share: Share to and learn from the data science community. - Nextword is an interactive data product for predicting the next word based on the previous words. https://datasciencemom.shinyapps.io/NextWord/- BreastCancerAI is a free web application interface for predicting breast cancer patients' survival. https://datasciencemom.shinyapps.io/BreastCancerAI- Pong Game http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user39_49bBDHgEBr_36.py========================Tech Highlights: Data Scrubbing, Data Integration, Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA), Machine Learning, Web Mining, Database, Data Mining, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Application Interface, Python, R, Spark Data Scientist Company Name Schlumberger Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Houston, Texas Area - Tool Reliability Analysis: Using big data approach to transform and analyze log files and bringing in insights of failure correlation and mechanism. (Data Size: over 1 TB)- Down Hole Environment Analysis: Using data cleaning, noise reduction and statistics analysis to bring understanding and insights of down hole drilling environment. (Data size: over 200GB) - Operation Planning:Planning jobs, assets and people based on historical data. ==============================Tech Highlights: Big Data, Hadoop, MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Data Integration, Data Scrubbing, exploratory data analysis (EDA), Statistics, Correlation, Survival Analysis. Postdoctoral Associate Company Name The Methodist Hospital System Dates Employed Apr 2012 – May 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Houston, Texas Area - Quickly picked up new professions to work with clients in clinical and experimental fields.- Brought solid analytical skills, such as statistical analysis, data mining and machine learning techniques, to clinical projects.- Delivered high-quality analysis reports which helped clients get key information from data and make directional decisions.- Constructed relational database from large-scale cross-platform clinical data. - Developed web analytics software NetworkExplorer based on statistical models and novel algorithm for identifying biomarkers and drug targets. - Presented outputs in formats of reports, or presentations in group meetings and conferences.Skillsets: Machine Learning, Data Mining, Database, Software Development, Data Analysis, Statistical Analysis, Statistical Modeling, Algorithm, R, Python, Matlab, SQL Media (4) This position has 4 media Previous Next Network-based Identification of Gene Signatures of Epithelial-mesenchymal Transition in Breast Cancer Network-based Identification of Gene Signatures of Epithelial-mesenchymal Transition in Breast Cancer This media is a document Epithelial-mesenchymal Transition in Breast Cancer: a Gene Regulatory Network Approach Epithelial-mesenchymal Transition in Breast Cancer: a Gene Regulatory Network Approach This media is a document Prediction of Gene Signatures in TGFB-induced Breast Cancer Metastasis by Markov Chain Model Prediction of Gene Signatures in TGFB-induced Breast Cancer Metastasis by Markov Chain Model This media is a document New breast cancer stem cell findings explain how cancer spreads New breast cancer stem cell findings explain how cancer spreads This media is a link Research Assistant Company Name The University of Hong Kong Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Hong Kong, China - Built statistical models to predict dynamical behaviors in a wide range of predictive and decision making topics.- Designed novel algorithms which greatly reduce computational complexity from exponential to linear.- Consistently delivering optimal strategies for cost-effective problems.Skillsets: Statistical Modeling, Mathematical Modeling, Numerical Analysis, Simulation, Optimization, Algorithms, Matlab Media (2) This position has 2 media Optimization Models and Computational Methods for Systems Biology Optimization Models and Computational Methods for Systems Biology This media is a document Optimization Models and Computational Methods for System Biology Optimization Models and Computational Methods for System Biology This media is a document See more positions Education University of California, Berkeley Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2015 Berkeley Big Data XSeries1. BerkeleyX: CS100.1x Introduction to Big Data with Apache Spark (Grade: 75%)- Big Data and Data Science - Introduction to Apache Spark- Data Management- Data Quality- Data Management2. BerkeleyX: CS190.1x Scalable Machine Learning (Grade: 83%)- Linear Regression and Distributed Machine Learning Principles - Millionsong Regression Pipeline- Logistic Regression and Click- through Rate Prediction- Principal Component Analysis - Neuroimaging University of Washington Field Of Study Machine Learning Specialization Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 This Specialization provides a case-based introduction to the exciting, high-demand field of machine learning. You’ll learn to analyze large and complex datasets, build applications that can make predictions from data, and create systems that adapt and improve over time. List of courses:- Machine Learning Foundations: A Case Study Approach- Regression- Classification- Clustering & Retrieval- Recommender Systems & Dimensionality Reduction- An Intelligent Application with Deep LearningCase Studies:- Predicting Housing Prices- Analyzing Sentiment & Loan Default Prediction- Finding Similar Documents- Recommending Products Media (1) This position has 1 media Machine Learning | Coursera Machine Learning | Coursera This media is a link PyImageSearch Guru Course Field Of Study Computer Vision Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Media (1) This position has 1 media PyImageSearch Gurus: You can become a computer vision + OpenCV Guru PyImageSearch Gurus: You can become a computer vision + OpenCV Guru This media is a link See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Computer Vision See 11 endorsements for Computer Vision 11 Computer Vision Endorsed by 2 of Yang’s colleagues at Schlumberger Click and drag to reorder skills Deep Learning See 6 endorsements for Deep Learning 6 Deep Learning Sameer Shah and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science See 17 endorsements for Data Science 17 Data Science Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Yang’s colleagues at Schlumberger Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (1) Marcel van den Bosch Data Scientist at Atos Consulting | Entrepreneur at 12spark December 27, 2015, Yang was a client of Marcel’s I have been working with Yang on a series of data science projects around tool reliability analysis. I value her eye for detail and being a good sparring partner for some really complex topics – which help to sharpen my own skills as well. She also has really good hands-on Data Science skills (such as R programming) and does not mind putting in an extra hour to get the job done. Personal development and self-study are also important for Yang. She puts in quite some effort in remaining up-to-date in the fast moving world of Big Data and Data Science. I hope to resume working with her in the near future! Erwin Dijkstra Chief Architect Data & Analytics December 25, 2015, Yang worked with Erwin in the same group Yang is a great data scientist, very eager to learn and very sharp ion her analysis.Great to have her in your team.Looking forward to do more projects with her. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Marcel van den Bosch Data Scientist at Atos Consulting | Entrepreneur at 12spark December 27, 2015, Yang was a client of Marcel’s I have been working closely with Marcel on multiple big data challenges in oil and gas. Marcel has very solid data science skills, such as Hadoop and R. Marcel's scripts are the clearest that I have seen for years. And he can always explain the technical details without hiccups. On top of solid data science skills, Marcel always put customers' needs and requirements first. Marcel's dedication to work in a very agile environment make our work a big success.Also, Marcel is a self-motivated learner for cutting-edge data science techniques, such as Spark and Scala.It's been a great journey to work someone with great passion for data science like Marcel. I'm looking forward to working with him again in the future. Accomplishments Yang has 35 certifications 35 Expand certifications section Certifications edX Verified Certificate for Introduction to Microsoft Azure edX Verified Certificate for Introduction to Cloud Computing The R Programming Environment Introduction to Apache Spark Machine Learning: Classification Oil & Gas Industry Operations and Markets Machine Learning Foundations: A Case Study Approach A Crash Course in Data Science Machine Learning: Regression HDP Data Science Yang has 28 courses 28 Expand courses section Courses A Crash Course in Data Science Cluster Analysis in Data Mining Data Science Capstone Developing Data Products Exploratory Data Analysis Geoscience: the Earth and its Resources Getting and Cleaning Data HDP Data Science HDP Developer: Apache Pig and Hive Intro to Hadoop and MapReduce Yang has 15 publications 15 Expand publications section Publications Breast cancer stem cells transition between epithelial and mesenchymal states reflective of their normal counterparts Repulsion pressure model and numerical simulation for spiral phyllotactic patterns of plants Analysis of the impact degree distribution in metabolic networks using branching process approximation An efficient method of computing impact degrees for multiple reactions in metabolic networks with cycles Construction of probabilistic Boolean networks from a prescribed transition probability matrix: a maximum entropy rate approach Network-based signatures for drug repositioning and combination for the breast tumor initiating cells On finite-horizon control of genetic regulatory networks with multiple hard-constraints A Max-Min principle for phyllotactic patterns A new optimization model for the construction of Markov Chains Distribution and enumeration of attractors in probabilistic Boolean networks Yang has 9 projects 9 Expand projects section Projects Infant Nutrient Intake Analysis VIBO Share and Learn --- data science blog for knowledge sharing Initiation of Breast Cancer Metastasis: pattern discovery approach based on large-scale genomic data NetworkExplorer --- quantitative analytic software for biological dynamic systems NextWord --- predictive text mining application BreastCancerAI --- web application interface for predicting breast cancer patients' survival Pong Game Breast Cancer Stem Cells Transition between Epithelial and Mesenchymal States Yang has 7 honors 7 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards CRCG Travel Grant Honorable Mention in The Interdisciplinary Contest in Modeling (global analytics competition) 1st Provincial Prize in Undergraduate Mathematical Modeling Contest 2nd Class Scholarship, Merit Student of the University 2nd National Prize in Undergraduate Mathematical Modeling Contest 3rd Class Scholarship, Merit Student of Math Department Postgraduate Studentship of The University of Hong Kong Yang has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Yang has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Society of Petroleum Engineers Interests 大连理工大学 30,032 followers Oil & Energy 2,582,850 followers Hadoop Users 98,331 members Oil and Gas Investor 18,713 members University of Washington 357,806 followers Data Science & Machine Learning 39,930 members See all See all following
More Actions Subhasis Datta has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Subhasis Datta BS(ChE), MBA, MS, PhD (ABD), Data Scientist Data Scientist | Big Data Miner | Director | Program Mgr | Transformation Exec| Systems Engineer | Entrepreneur| 9K Conn ICF International Massachusetts Institute of Technology Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Successful track record in Transformation, Innovation, Systems and Process improvements, Thought Leadership, Data Science, Big Data, Predictive Analytics, Fraud, Waste and Abuse Detection, Compliance Improvement, Program delivery, Outsourcing, Cost Savings, Systems Engineering and Software development for Federal Civilian and DoD programs as well as COTS. Continued progressive responsibilities and Leadership as Officers of multiple companies providing advice and guidance at the highest levels of Government including Commissioners and Administrators, and General Officers in DoD. Experienced in Program and Project Management, Strategic Planning, Information Technology, Software and Systems Engineering, Enterprise, Systems and IT Architecture, Business Intelligence, Predictive Modeling, Decision Analytics, Big Data and Data Science as Data Scientist, Modeling and Simulation, Optimization, Process and Systems Modeling, Large Scale Big Data projects, Data Warehousing, Data Mining and Visualization, Technology and Alternatives Assessment. Significant experience and proven track record with multiple awards in transforming and improving programs and systems, and consulting in Federal Civilian Agencies such as IRS, USDA, HHS, DHS, etc. and in DoD for the US Air Force, Army, Navy, Marines, Secretary of Defense, ODNI, and others. As Director of Systems & Software Engineering, led large software teams for customized software development in programs at Federal Agencies and DoD services as well as COTS software development in Modeling and Simulation, Transportation Modeling and Logistics Optimization, Security and Vulnerability Assessment, Incident and Command Management. Significant experience in diverse large scale Computing and Data Centers from Mainframes, Unix Servers to Desktops, Networks as Academic, Institutional Research Director, Computer Center Administrator at one of the largest Universities. Taught as Adjunct Faculty at Robert H. Smith School of Business. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Subhasis Datta’s Activity 9,921 followers The WannaCry Cyber Attack: Another Warning for Supply Chain Executives Subhasis Datta shared this Confidence Will Make All the Difference to Your Hustle Subhasis Datta shared this Connecting vehicles to roadside infrastructure through short range communications technology helps drivers on Wyoming’s I-80 foresee dangerous driving conditions. We’re supporting WYOMING DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION in this new pilot program that increases drivers’ awareness through ice, snow, fog, wind and more! Subhasis Datta shared this salvatore’s photo Subhasis Datta liked Security Threats in a Big Data World Subhasis Datta shared this Why Jeff Bezos Isn't Afraid of Artificial Intelligence Subhasis Datta shared this See all activity Experience Chief Data Scientist, Technical Director, and Program Manager, Company Name ICF International Dates Employed 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Supported all aspects of HUD IV&V Program Management processes, including Program Planning, Project schedule, Deliverables management (over 1,000 deliverables), Budget and Funding planning and tracking, burn rates reporting and staff planning, team communications and ensuring delivery of quality products at the highest level of customer satisfaction. Provide IT Program Management, ITSM Thought Leadership and Enterprise Data Analytics for one of the largest Outsourcing Contract in the Federal Government ($1.5B) as their IV&V Objective Adviser, Technical Evaluation and SME of processes and data. As Data Scientist, provide Enterprise Service Desk and other trouble ticket data analysis, pattern and root cause analysis and risk, impact and vulnerability assessment. As Technical Director provide overall technical guidance, architecting, alternative analysis, feasibility assessment, technical evaluation of proposed architecture, design and solutions and technical proposals. Conduct IT Program Management using ITSM ITIL V3 guidelines to manage an Outsourcing contract with multiple vendors that consists of large Data Center, Network and Desktop support to advise Senior Leadership. Conduct Vendor Performance Evaluation Design and Assessment, review and analysis of financial performance and cost reasonableness. Supported transition into the new hybrid (CPFF & FFP) infrastructure outsourcing contract, to include development of a new budget management and financial framework, and invoice reconciliation checklist and tool development and application to selected contract CLINS. Also, developed the process for vendor service delivery performance data analytics using the new Performance Requirements Summary (PRS) standards and operationalized it together with its supporting measurement methods and reporting templates. Conduct Text Mining, Analytics of text & data on several Surveys. Media (1) This position has 1 media ICF_Highlights_2014_2015 ICF_Highlights_2014_2015 This media is a document Program Manager and Chief Enterprise Systems Engineer Company Name The MITRE Corporation Dates Employed 2006 – 2013 Employment Duration 7 yrs Program and Project Management: As Program Manager successfully led a portfolio of over 10 funded and research projects in Mission focus area within Federal Civilian agencies with progressive responsibilities. As part of Program Management role, led a team of Project Leaders to ensure quality delivery of work programs and Strategic advice, Systems engineering and Enterprise Architecture, Business Intelligence, Data Analytics and Modeling. As Project Lead for multiple Federal agency projects managed all aspects of project management, proposals, costing, schedule and earned value management, deliverables management, and customer relationship management. Developed Strategic and Business Plans for the Program area including Business Development goals and Strategic opportunities, strategies to accomplish them. Conduct Financial Management of portfolio of Task Orders valued at over $12M including defining SOW, writing technical proposals, Work Plans, managing staffing and financials.Technical Management: As Chief Engineer and Chief Architect for Federal Agency Program responsible for designing End to End ‘System of Systems’ Architectural Views for one of largest IT Systems in the world and its key performance metrics. Provide engineering and strategic/operational advice on a daily basis on critical Incidents, issues, alternative analysis, estimation modeling, data analytics, simulation modeling and ‘what-if’ scenario analysis for highest level of Federal Agency including Commissioner and CTO/DCIO/ACIOs. As Technical Lead and advisor on multiple projects and programs, provide technical leadership in addressing critical technology challenges for the Agency Mission. Providing technical leadership in Systems Engineering, Enterprise Architecture, Predictive Modeling, Technology & Alternatives Assessment. Assistant Vice President; Director, Center for Systems Engineering Company Name Alion Science and Technology Dates Employed 1996 – 2006 Employment Duration 10 yrs Business Development (BD): As Principal Proposal Manager/Writer won several proposals worth over $40M funded contracts for OSD, USAF, ACC, USDA, DPMO, DTRA, USMC, etc. Also facilitated Business and Proposal Development for opportunities over $20B for Alliant (GSA), OSD, FBI, FDIC, DOJ, Treasury, DHS, Army, Navy, Air Force, DTRA, etc. Won over $1.3B in IDIQ contracts such as NORTHCOM and DTRA. Developed a Knowledge Discovery Practice Area that focuses on Applying Data Warehousing, Data Mining and Analytics towards Compliance Improvement, Revenue Maximization, Fraud and Improper Payment Detection, Program Improvement. Won and managed program staff and multi-million dollar programs. Line and Staff Management: As Director of Center for Systems Engineering, Managed 24 Systems / Software Engineers and generated over $5M in annual revenue with overall team time-sold rate above 96%. Acted as Liaison with Division / Program Managers in successful delivery of Programs to DoD and Federal Agencies, in coordination between Software development teams, Analysts, Operators and Managers. Product Management: Planned and executed acquisition of two software companies that build transportation modeling, simulation and analysis software for Transportation and Risk Assessment software. Managed Product releases and maintenance of Three COTS software. Technical Management: As Chief Architect & Technical Manager successfully delivered, on-time, on-budget release of over 25 product or application releases for programs funded at $16 M per year. As Science and Technical Advisor, supported Technical Due Diligence for Corporate Acquisition. Architected, Integrated and Managed over 10 Systems engineering programs with large IT systems deployments.Program Management: Principal Practice Area Manager for Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing and Data Mining, and Fraud Detection in the company. Managed over 8 Programs worth over $16M. Director of Research & Information Systems Company Name University of Maryland (UMCP), College Park, Maryland Dates Employed 1990 – 1996 Employment Duration 6 yrs As Director of Information Systems and Chief Architect, designed, developed and optimized Client-Server Database Systems using Informix DBMS and front-end tools, SQL, 4GL and Unix scripts, for budgeting and financial administration of University programs administering thousands of student registration, 1000+ courses, 100 Departments, 16 Colleges and multi-year budget exceeding $30 M. Designed and Integrated Data Warehouse for University Registration and Budgeting Mainframe operational data on Unix RDBMS for graphical and client-server querying and data analysis. Modeled and performed statistical trend analysis, Institutional studies on student demographics and financial data for Decision Support Systems Instructor and Adjunct Faculty Company Name University of Maryland - Robert H. Smith School of Business Dates Employed 1990 – 1991 Employment Duration 1 yr Location College Park, MD Taught various Information Systems, Information Technology and Computer Science courses at Undergraduate level. Facilitated teaching MBA and MS Graduate courses in Information Systems and other Technology disciplines. Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name Professional Education & Certification Series Field Of Study Data Science, Deep Learning, Big Data, IoT and Big Data Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2017 The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Systems Engineering (Expected) Dates attended or expected graduation 2018 University of California, San Diego Field Of Study Big Data Specialization - Unlock Value in Massive Datasets Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer on Data Analytics and Predictive Modeling (DataKind) In the Service of Humanity Company Name DataKind - Data Without Borders Cause Economic Empowerment DataKind™ (also known as Data Without Borders) brings together leading data scientists with high impact social organizations through a comprehensive, collaborative approach that leads to shared insights, greater understanding, and positive action through data in the service of humanity. Outreach Volunteer to improve the health and well-being of all people Company Name Statistics Without Borders Cause Social Services Outreach Group consulting to organizations and government agencies, particularly from developing nations. Social Good Data Scientist Company Name Standby Task Force Featured Skills & Endorsements Big Data See 55 endorsements for Big Data 55 Big Data Endorsed by Vikas Agrawal, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Subhasis Datta’s colleagues at MITRE Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science See 46 endorsements for Data Science 46 Data Science Endorsed by Ziqiao Liu and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Subhasis Datta’s colleagues at MITRE Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Analytics See 48 endorsements for Predictive Analytics 48 Predictive Analytics Endorsed by Ted Fischer and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Subhasis Datta’s colleagues at ICF Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Subhasis Datta has 24 courses 24 Expand courses section Courses A Crash Course in Data Science Apache Hadoop Essentials Architecting Microsoft Azure Solutions Becoming an Entrepreneur Big Data and Social Analytics Certification Cognitive Computing and Artificial Intelligence Getting and Cleaning Data Graph Modeling, Graph Databases and Using Neo4j Hadoop Platform and Application Framework Internet of Things: Roadmap to a Connected World Subhasis Datta has 12 certifications 12 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Science and Analytics Career Paths and Certifications MIT Professional Education Digital Programs Honor Code Certificate for Internet of Things: Roadmap to a Connected World A Crash Course in Data Science Introduction to Big Data Apache Hadoop Essentials Getting and Cleaning Data Social Entrepreneurship R Programming The Data Scientist’s Toolbox ITIL V3 Foundations Subhasis Datta has 11 organizations 11 Expand organizations section Organizations ACM American Institute of Big Data Professionals Data Science Association Data Science Central IEEE INCOSE KMPro MIT Professional Education Alumni Association PMI SIGKDD Subhasis Datta has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Awards of Excellence and Special Recognition Awards (Over a dozen Awards) Corporate Knowledge Management Award Directors Awards and Program Recognition Awards (Several Awards) Presidents Award and Commissioners Award Special Commendation and Service to DoD Special Performance Recognition Awards (Half dozen Awards) Subhasis Datta has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications Replication and Extension of Two Leading Agent-Based Tax Compliance Models as a Foundation to Analyze the Tax Ecosystem The DATA Act - IT Infrastructure Guidance Unique Entity Identifiers and the Global Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): A Potential Cornerstone for Transparency of Federal Spending Data and the DATA Act Using nonlinear regression procedures for approximate function optimization “Data Mining”, Critical Review and Technology Assessment (CR/TA) Report Interests Data Scientists 49,117 members Data Scientist Network 12,206 members Apache Spark 30,119 members Mutual Mobile 6,695 followers Data Science Central 291,510 members IBM 3,427,584 followers See all See all following
More Actions Data has a account Data Scientist Director Toronto, Ontario, Canada 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Director Company Name Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,211 followers
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Draugelis Chief Data Scientist Penn Medicine (University of Pennsylvania Health System) University of Colorado at Boulder Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Revolutionize patient value through data driven products. Much of my data interests are in automated feature extraction, dimension reduction, and semi-supervised learning models. A few favorite data types I've worked with.>Patient EHR: Signal extraction and model generation for acute diagnostics>EEG : Signal extraction and semi-supervised models for event detection>Infra-red sensor: Signal extraction and ensemble models for object classification >Audio signals: Semi-supervised feature extraction>Recommendation systemsSince 1998, experience in system integration, signal processing, and R&D in large complex systems such as GPS, Hubble Space Telescope, Missile Defense, and Intelligence Systems.US Patent No. 8,533,319:1. CMapp: Automatic ranking of network IT assets based on their mission importance. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Data Scientist Company Name Penn Medicine (University of Pennsylvania Health System) Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Sr Strategic Planner and Chief Data Scientist Company Name Lockheed Martin Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area Strategic development and execution in the data analytics marketResponsible for business development, developing and recruiting data science talent, and creating external partners.Responsible for the selection, design and execution of research and development projects utilizing advanced computational techniques to generate novel insights and to build analytic systems. Principal Investigator for Healthcare Analytics Company Name Lockheed Martin Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Valley Forge, PA Lead research in applying signal processing and machine learning techniques to patient demographic, vital, and lab variables to provide real-time acute care diagnostics.Produced analytics product validated by leading research hospital and ready for clinical live pilots. Strategic Planning Manager Company Name Lockheed Martin Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Valley Forge, PA Support the CTO in strategic planning and investments in R&D and M&A. Focus in technology Invention, experimentation, and productization Research Engineer -- Advanced Programs Company Name Lockheed Martin Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 7 yrs 8 mos Location Boulder, CO Project Manager of several programs. Responsible for personnel, cost/schedule, scope, customer expectations. Creating business opportunities by developing new products and marketing to potential customers.Research Engineer:* Invented Best of Breed IT infrastructure software for Missile Defense and Intel Community systems. This allowed government to leverage best solution from multiple vendors instead of relying on one turn-key solution. This reduced government costs and improved quality.* Invented CMapp an automated method for ranking IT assets based on network topology and function within the enterprise. Patent 410478US.* Develop classification application to select the best missile estimate from a set of state estimator applications* Developed classification algorithm for missile typing which is based on spectral graph theory.* Develop scoring and analysis application for missile tracking system. Used core data mining techniques: Data normalization, interactive data visualization, and clustering techniques.* Lead HDF5 design and developement for satellite imaging system.* Developed algorithm for automated threat assessment See more positions Education University of Colorado at Boulder Degree Name MS (pending thesis defense) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Focus in Compressed Sensing and Machine Learning Michigan State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Abstract Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 Graduated with honors Volunteer Experience Data Scientist Company Name DataKind Dates volunteered Oct 2011 – Oct 2011 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment Help UN Global Pulse determine the effects of fertilizer on Uganda farm land. Process IR satellite images to see fertilizer application in selected households in Uganda.The results of the analysis would provide indicators for expansion of the UN program.http://www.flickr.com/x/t/0094009/photos/datanoborders/6253642327/ Featured Skills & Endorsements Algorithms See 63 endorsements for Algorithms 63 Algorithms Endorsed by Danny Bickson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Penn Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Health System Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 38 endorsements for Analysis 38 Analysis Randy Olson and 37 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management See 37 endorsements for Program Management 37 Program Management Endorsed by Dalila Bonilla Wortman, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Michael’s colleagues at Penn Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Health System Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Danny Bickson Manager at Apple August 4, 2012, Danny worked with Michael but at different companies Michael is technology visionary who identifies technology trends before they become mainstream and works to incorporate them his organization. Furthermore he has great collaboration skills which make jump starting joint projects easier. I hope to continue engaging in joint projects in the future. Nathan Shupe Systems Engineer Staff at Lockheed Martin June 22, 2009, Michael was senior to Nathan but didn’t manage directly Nathan is a strong engineer who is tenacious in his approach designing systems and trouble shooting. Nathan is a very ethical engineer who works very well in a team. He also has natural leadership skills. Accomplishments Michael has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Computational Neural Science Data Mining Digitial Signal Processing Fourier Transforms High Dimensional Data Modern Signal Processing Noise Process Michael has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 2013 Phorum Panelist on Big Data Presidents Award Presidents Award Innovation of the Year Michael has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents Method and apparatus for disease detection Methods and Systems for Prioritizing Network Assets (CMapp) Michael has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Medical Analytics System Interests University of Colorado Boulder 206,124 followers Medical Imaging (4503151) 383 members Harvard Business School Executive Education 45,056 followers Stanford Medicine X 1,111 members Geneia 1,237 followers Pulse 1,535,212 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ravi has a account Ravi Iyer Data Scientist / Moral Psychologist Ranker.com University of Southern California Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Ravi Iyer occupies a unique space at the intersection of data science and moral psychology. He is a cofounder and the Chief Data Scientist for Ranker, a crowdsourced list website that collects millions of monthly consumer opinions. He remains an active academic and is also the executive director of Civil Politics, a non-profit that uses technology to bridge the divide between practitioners and researchers in moral psychology. He is an applied data science consultant for Zenzi, Carhub, and the Institute for the Bio-Cultural Study of Religion. He holds a PhD in Psychology from the University of Southern California and remains an active researcher, having published 20+ articles in leading peer-reviewed psychology journals over the past few years, most of which concern the empirical study of moral and political attitudes. His work has been featured in the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, the Atlantic, South by Southwest, NPR, the BBC, among other press and academic outlets. He is the co-founder of numerous academic social science projects that leverage technology to collect larger, more diverse datasets, including BeyondThePurchase.org (a consumer psychology data site),YourMorals.org (which focuses on moral psychology), ExploringMyReligion.org (which focuses on the scientific study of religion), PsychWiki.com, and VoteHelp.org.Links to press and research available at:http://www.polipsych.com/about/http://scholar.google.com/citations?user=7vzqWBYAAAAJ&hl=en See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Data Scientist Company Name Ranker.com Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 4 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Executive Director Company Name CivilPolitics.org Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Media (1) This position has 1 media CivilPolitics.org's Ravi Iyer comments on French Politics for BBC World CivilPolitics.org's Ravi Iyer comments on French Politics for BBC World This media is a video Data Science Advisor Company Name Zenzi Communications Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Founder/Researcher Company Name Yourmorals.org Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 5 mos Founder/Researcher Company Name BeyondThePurchase.org Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos See more positions Education University of Southern California Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Social Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Political Science and Government Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Social Psychology See 32 endorsements for Social Psychology 32 Social Psychology Endorsed by David Neal, Ph.D. and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ravi’s colleagues at Ranker Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 32 endorsements for Research 32 Research Endorsed by Matt Motyl and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Ravi’s colleagues at University of Southern California Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 28 endorsements for Data Analysis 28 Data Analysis Endorsed by Sena Koleva, Ph.D. and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ravi’s colleagues at Zenzi Communications Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Eduardo Ariño de la Rubia Chief Data Scientist at Domino Data Lab April 24, 2014, Eduardo was a client of Ravi’s Ravi was the instructor at my General Assembly Data Science course. During the course I was pleased, but it is only now that months have passed since my graduation that I can begin to authentically asses the impact Ravi had on my development as a Data Scientist. Ravi made the field seem accessible, transparent, and approachable. He conveyed a love of proper experimental design and controls, as well as an understanding of biases and the kinds of errors we would make. His ability to present the material as a true data scientist, not as a reformed statistician or academic, eased my transition from hesitant to confident. Ravi is a great data scientist, a fine educator, and a genuine pleasure to have shared the intense experience of the course with. Mary Richardson Nonprofit Communications | Events | Corporate Team Building May 5, 2016, Ravi was senior to Mary but didn’t manage directly I worked with Mary on a marketing project that combined the psychology of values and marketing and she was very responsible, detail-oriented, and a pleasure to work with. Kelly Samojlik Digital Marketing Technologist Seeking my career's next leap in Market Research | Branding | Email | IT | Product | UX November 21, 2014, Kelly worked with Ravi in the same group Kelly provides a rare combination of creative and technical ability, allowing her to not only visualize the possibilities possible in a product, but also to execute on them. Together, we were able to develop several new web and email products (e.g. NewReleasesNow.com) that have collectively served millions of music fans. It is worth noting that all of these projects have come under budget and, in my opinion, have over-delivered on expectations. I'd highly recommend Kelly for any marketing+technology+product development job. Accomplishments Ravi has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project YourMorals.org Interests Columbia University in the City of New York 283,719 followers USC Gould School of Law 44,727 followers Semantic Web 22,608 members Marketing EDGE 6,337 members Pulse 1,535,212 followers Cassandra Report 1,660 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vijay has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Vijay Pappu, Ph.D. Lead Data Scientist at J P Morgan Chase - Digital Intelligence JPMorgan Chase & Co. University of Florida New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Currently working as a lead data scientist in the Digital Intelligence group at J P Morgan Chase. Specialties: 1. Five years of experience in building supervised learning models for classification and feature selection on high dimensional datasets. 2. Five years of experience in statistical data analysis. 3. 5 years of programming experience in Matlab. 4. Two years of programming experience in Java and Python. 5. Two years of experience in high performance computing. 6. Strong analytical and presentation skills.7. Strong communication and leadership skills. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Lead Data Scientist, Digital Intelligence Company Name JPMorgan Chase & Co. Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location New York, New York Data Scientist, Digital Intelligence Company Name JPMorgan Chase & Co. Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Data Scientist Company Name American Express Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location greater new york city area Create highly efficient and scalable machine learning models to incorporate personalization for prospect site visitors. Graduate Research Assistant Company Name University of Florida Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Gainesville, Florida Area 1. Worked on several projects related to developing supervised machine learning techniques for classification problems arising in the field of biomedicine.2. Gained expertise in understanding and applying several state-of-the-art methods like Support Vector Machines, Neural Networks, k-Nearest Neighbor Classification, Random Forests, AdaBoost, Linear Regression, Logistic Regression and Linear Discriminant Analysis. 3. Possess working knowledge of clustering techniques like Spectral Clustering, k-means clustering and biclustering; and dimensionality reduction techniques like Principal Component Analysis, Local Linear Embedding, Isomaps and Laplacian Eigenmaps. Media (7) This position has 7 media Previous Next High Dimensional Data Classification High Dimensional Data Classification This media is a document Data Mining for Cancer Biomarkers with Raman Spectroscopy Data Mining for Cancer Biomarkers with Raman Spectroscopy This media is a document Raman spectroscopy utilizing Fisher-based feature selection combined with Support Vector Machines for the characterization of breast cell lines Raman spectroscopy utilizing Fisher-based feature selection combined with Support Vector Machines for the characterization of breast cell lines This media is a document Sparse Proximal Support Vector Machines Sparse Proximal Support Vector Machines This media is a document Six ISEs Win Outstanding International Student Awards Six ISEs Win Outstanding International Student Awards This media is a link Polyhydroxy fullerenes Polyhydroxy fullerenes This media is a document Seth Bonder Scholarship for Applied OR in Health Services: Honorable Mention Award - Vijay Pappu Seth Bonder Scholarship for Applied OR in Health Services: Honorable Mention Award - Vijay Pappu This media is a link Graduate Teaching Assistant, Data Analysis and Data Mining in Systems Engineering Company Name University of Florida Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Gainesville, Florida Area 1. Conducted office hours for students, prepared and graded assignments and exams. 2. Assisted students in their course projects mainly selected from Kaggle competitions. 3. Taught invited lectures on Principal Component Analysis and Feature Selection techniques. See more positions Education University of Florida Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Operations Research Grade 3.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2013 Activities and Societies: INFORMS, SIAM, IEEE Dissertation: "Supervised learning models for classification and feature selection on high dimensional datasets" University of Florida Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Project Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 University of Florida Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Industrial and Systems Engineering Grade 3.85 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 86 endorsements for Matlab 86 Matlab Endorsed by Udhay Sundar and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Vijay’s colleagues at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 68 endorsements for Data Mining 68 Data Mining Endorsed by Alexander Statnikov and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Vijay’s colleagues at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 65 endorsements for Machine Learning 65 Machine Learning Endorsed by Alexander Statnikov and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Vijay’s colleagues at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (13) Given (1) Angelina T. Georgieva, PhD Scientist and Educator July 25, 2013, Vijay worked with Angelina T. in the same group Vijay has extremely high analytic and strategic thinking skills. He never failed to add a creative touch to his work. He is a great team player. I would highly recommend him for any position, as he naturally rises to the occasion when presented with challenges. Michael Fenn, Ph.D. Asst. Professor of Biomedical Engineering | Director of CMMB | Startup Consultant | Life Science | Entrepreneurship July 1, 2013, Vijay worked with Michael in the same group I have known Vijay Pappu now for over 2 years as colleague and friend at the Center for Applied Optimization at the University Of Florida. Vijay and I have worked together on several projects related to data mining of Raman spectral data for my research based on breast cancer cells. I have also helped work with Vijay on several other biomedical associated projects, including analysis of massive datasets collected from DNA microarrays, NMR and mass spectrometry data collected from biological specimens. Vijay and I have published two journal articles, two book chapters, and have presented our work at several prestigious conferences. Vijay has strong work ethic, ability to rapidly learn and apply new knowledge and techniques, as well as being capable of taking on the role as a team leader or team member in a variety of highly diverse, multidisciplinary research settings. He is comfortable and capable of working in areas different than that of his formal training and excelling in these areas.His mastery of his skills and knowledge in machine learning, feature selection, optimization and many other areas of data mining and analysis of massive biomedical datasets have been an exceptionally valuable asset to my work and our group’s collaborative efforts. Vijay is highly knowledgeable in both the in the theoretical aspects of data mining as well as the practical applications of data mining and analysis for a wide-range of biomedical data investigations. Vijay has a skillful awareness for the importance of understanding the origins and actual implications of the data under analysis.Not only has Vijay developed methods which are highly effective for Raman Spectroscopic data analysis and other biomedical datasets, but also for a variety of large or massive datasets including finance, search, and image classification/analysis, among others. Vijay is not only an expert in machine learning, but is also a great communicator, and, importantly, a great teacher. I personally, have learned a tremendous amount about data mining and machine learning from him. Vijay is one of the finest individuals I have personally had the pleasure to have worked with in my career. He has tremendous potential for achieving greatness in many areas, with his remarkable inter-personal skills, team leadership skills, and his expertise in data mining and machine learning. I believe he would make an outstanding addition to any company or group. If you have any questions regarding Vijay, his background or research, you may contact me at any time via email or phone for further reference information about Vijay Pappu. Michael B. Fenn, Ph.D. Assistant ProfessorCo-Director of the Center for Medical Materials and Biophotonics Department of Biomedical EngineeringFlorida Institute of Technology150 W. University Blvd.Melbourne, Florida 32901Phone: 352.281.4708Email: mfenn@fit.edu View 11 more recommendations View 11 more recommendations recommendations Angelina T. Georgieva, PhD Scientist and Educator July 26, 2013, Angelina T. worked with Vijay in the same group Angelina is extremely dedicated chemist and goal-oriented person. I worked with her in a team where she proactively took the role to completely characterization a difficult chemical compound. She was persistent with the experiments, completed the characterization and published the scientific article. She will be an asset for any team as she is a great team player. Accomplishments Vijay has 28 courses 28 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Machine Learning Analysis of Algorithms Applied Probability Methods in Engineering Computational Fluid Mechanics Computational Solid Mechanics Conduction Heat Transfer Convection Heat Transfer Finance-I, Asset Value, Risk and Return Financial Accounting Fluid Mechanics 1 Vijay has 12 publications 12 Expand publications section Publications Constrained subspace classifier for high dimensional datasets Sparse Proximal Support Vector Machines for feature selection in high dimensional datasets Polyhydroxy fullerenes Raman spectroscopy utilizing Fisher-based feature selection combined with Support Vector Machines for the characterization of breast cell lines Data Mining for Cancer Biomarkers with Raman Spectroscopy Data mining and optimization applied to Raman spectroscopy for oncology applications 3D computational modeling and simulation of leukocyte rolling adhesion and deformation A computational study of leukocyte adhesion and its effect on flow pattern in microvessels Hydrodynamic interaction between erythrocytes and leukocytes affects the rheology of blood in microvessel Feature selection based on meta-heuristics for biomedicine Vijay has 8 projects 8 Expand projects section Projects Constrained subspace classifiers for high dimensional datasets On extending Principal Component Analysis (PCA) to feature selection using l2,1-norm minimization Sparse proximal support vector machines for feature selection in high dimensional datasets A dumb multi-class classifier for text categorization Least squares approach for Proximal Support Vector Machines A simultaneous nonlinear least squares method for accurate characterization of polyhydroxy fullerenes Fisher-based feature selection combined with support vector machines for characterization of breast cell lines using Raman Spectroscopy Alter Ego – A human centered model to provide counterfactuals Vijay has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Telugu Interests Pindrop 5,102 followers AddThis 4,943 followers Sherpa Analytics LLC 145 followers University of Florida 328,495 followers INFORMS Annual Meeting 1,429 members Adobe 680,796 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hadley has a account Hadley Johnson Ph.D. Data Scientist at Orbital Insight Orbital Insight Scripps Institution of Oceanography / University of California San Diego Mountain View, California 109 109 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Versatile research scientist, software developer, and financial “quant”; Passionate about exploring data and finding hidden relationships; life-long learner and teacher; experienced in a start-up environment; proven investment expert in quantitative trading; demonstrated ability to communicate complex mathematical and scientific ideas to earn funding support from the National Science Foundation, NASA and the US Geological Survey. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Orbital Insight Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Palo Alto, CA Lead data scientist at big data startup analyzing satellite imagery and other geospatial data sets. Portfolio Manager Company Name Tower Research Capital Dates Employed 2013 – 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York City &#149;Implemented a complete data processing framework for historical financial market tick data including ETL into a flat file database, data normalization, and parallel processing using MapReduce. The framework was implemented in Unix shell scripts (Bash) and R.&#149;Re-used the same data processing framework in a production environment for real-time trading of more than $100mm per day in financial contracts. The production software added all “plumbing” code to connect live market data to cleaning and filtering operations, job scheduling, predictive modeling, trade generation, and live market trading. The production software was written in Bash, Octave, and Matlab. Founder / Sole Proprietor Company Name Blue Aspen Consulting Dates Employed 2011 – 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Santa Fe, New Mexico &#149;Worked with a Family Office to test an innovative trading idea in Mortgage Backed Securities including historical simulations of trading profitability using R, as well as created pro forma business models using Excel.&#149;Provided trading cost analysis and trading algorithm development to a Commodity Trading Advisor using Matlab and helped them reduce their trading costs and improve profitability. Founder / CEO Company Name Blue Aspen Capital Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Santa Fe, New Mexico &#149;Recruited partners including Chief Financial Officer, Chief Information Officer, and a team of quantitative Portfolio Managers.&#149;Led the capital raising efforts including traditional hedge fund seeders, private equity groups, family offices, international broker/dealers, and prime brokerage capital introduction groups.&#149;Specified and identified third-party providers for an institutional-quality trading, data, and research platform built on a hosted ASP model. Chief Science Officer / Managing Director Company Name UBS / The Prediction Company Dates Employed 2005 – 2009 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Santa Fe, New Mexico &#149;Member of the Management Committee at The Prediction Company with CEO & CTO (65-person company). Functioned as the “second in command” to the CEO, participated in all strategic business decisions for the company, served as local risk officer and point of contact to UBS risk group, participated in all investment allocation decisions for the company portfolio that averaged $5B in positions in equity markets around the world.&#149;Sole management responsibility for a group of 10-15 Ph.D. financial quantitative researchers and associated software engineers. This group was responsible for developing and trading all strategies for the company.&#149;Led a project to re-evaluate all trading strategies in the company portfolio and to research new trading ideas to improve investment diversification. Resulted in shutdown of two strategies and reassignment of personnel to new research areas, with marked improvement in company risk profile.&#149;Developed and coded statistical techniques and processes to monitor strategy-to-strategy interactions and interference in a globally distributed portfolio of statistical arbitrage strategies with a total size of $5B. The codes were written in R and used MapReduce to run on a cluster of computers. See more positions Education Scripps Institution of Oceanography / University of California San Diego Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Geophysics and Statistical Data Analysis University of California San Diego Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Physics Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 8 endorsements for R 8 R Endorsed by 3 of Hadley’s colleagues at Orbital Insight Click and drag to reorder skills Octave Octave No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 4 endorsements for Matlab 4 Matlab Raman Soobrian and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Orbital Insight 1,580 followers Pulse 1,535,212 followers
More Actions Daria has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Daria Sorokina Machine Learning Researcher A9.com Cornell University San Francisco Bay Area 404 404 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Applied Machine Learning researcher in Bay Area. Enjoy working with large complex data sets. For the last six years I've been specializing in Search Relevance, before that worked on variety of ML applications in different domains. I am the author of Additive Groves, the best off-the-shelf ML algorithm for multiple tasks. You can find the implementation and further details on my personal website.Specialties: machine learning, data mining, search relevance See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Applied Scientist Company Name A9.com Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Palo Alto Machine learning scientist in the Search Relevance team. Working on a variety of problems in Search including ranking for browse pages, cold start, feature evaluation, sort by review ranking, parameter tuning.Speaker at SIGIR'16 industry track and MLConf SF'16. Senior Data Scientist Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Mountain View, CA Worked on machine learning problems for search, primarily on search spam detection, learning to rank, static rank. Relevance Scientist Company Name Yandex Labs, Yandex LLC Dates Employed May 2010 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Palo Alto, CA Worked on a variety of projects related to English language search, including feature evaluation for ranking, selection rank (selecting documents for the index), image search, search suggestions. Postdoc Company Name Carnegie Mellon University Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Pittsburgh Worked in a joint project with USDA on Salmonella risk prediction at meat-processing establishments. Intern Company Name Google Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Pittsburgh Worked on feature selection for logistic regression in Ads team. This work has evolved into a chapter in the "Scaling Up Machine Learning" book. Education Cornell University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Lomonosov Moscow State University (MSU) Degree Name Diplom Field Of Study Computer Science and Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 54 endorsements for Machine Learning 54 Machine Learning Endorsed by Monica Rogati and 29 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Daria’s colleagues at A9.com Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 39 endorsements for Data Mining 39 Data Mining Endorsed by Daniel Tunkelang and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Daria’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills Search See 25 endorsements for Search 25 Search Endorsed by Daniel Tunkelang and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Daria’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Yaroslav Akulov Software Developer at Yandex February 17, 2012, Yaroslav worked with Daria in different groups I've worked with Daria on several data mining projects in Yandex. She's passionate data and machine learning scientist and excellent engineer. Alexey Bashkeev Head of Data storing and processing subdivision (big data, mapreduce, etc) at Yandex January 5, 2012, Daria worked with Alexey in the same group Daria is an excellent relevance scientist. She deeply understands all concepts of machine learning and its application to search quality algorithms. Good team member and very responsible by herself. I can proudly recommend her as a relevance scientist for absolutely any task related to machine learning and its applications.With Daria’s assistance we were able to significantly increase global search quality by improving document selection for global index of yandex.com. Her active learning methods showed best results. Also Daria took part in improving our evaluation methods of new models for various model training tasks. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Daria has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Parallel Large Scale Feature Selection Detecting Statistical Interactions with Additive Groves of Trees. Additive Groves of Regression Trees. Plagiarism Detection in arXiv. Daria has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English German Russian Daria has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project TreeExtra (Additive Groves and more) Interests Microsoft 3,687,313 followers Lomonosov Moscow State University (MSU) 84,123 followers Editor's Picks 3,897,496 followers Pulse 1,535,213 followers Yahoo! Inc. 602,934 followers Netflix 435,131 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Becker Senior Data Scientist at Penn Medicine Penn Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Health System Drexel University Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a data scientist, engineer, community organizer, public speaker, and a polymath at heart. I have a passion for getting the job done right, and solving difficult and complex problems with efficient and elegant solutions. My current work is in data-mining, predictive data analysis, and business process automation. I'm the founder of the DataPhilly Meetup group and an avid public speaker.Specialties:Data Mining, Predictive Analysis, Machine Learning, Network Programming, Web App Development, Distributed Systems, Object Oriented Programming, Agile, Kanban, TDDTechnologies:scikit-learn, pandas, NLP, matplotlib, NoSQL, MapReduce, Hadoop, Source Control (GIT, SVN, ClearCase, CVS), UnixLanguages:Python, SQL, Apache Pig, C++ See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Michael’s Articles 624 followers Data Science With Python: Part 1 Michael Becker on LinkedIn Publish dateJuly 30, 2014 See all articles Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Penn Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Health System Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area Working with Penn's Data Science team to help save lives! Organizer/Founder Company Name DataPhilly Meetup Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area • Planned and ran several events with very high turnout.• Successfully planned and presented first technical talk "An Introduction to Machine Learning." The talk was covered by local tech blog http://technicallyphilly.com/2013/02/01/machine-learning-4-ways-digital-pattern-matching-is-more-than-just-spam-filtering• Founded Data Science Philadelphia Meetup. Media (1) This position has 1 media Data Science Philadelphia (DataPhilly) Data Science Philadelphia (DataPhilly) This media is a document Data Scientist Company Name AWeber Communications, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Chalfont, PA • Implemented web scraper to scrape customer websites. Applied NLP and clustering algorithms to identify patterns in the results.• Analyzed developer on-call alert trends to help identify noisy alerts and reduce alert fatigue.• Analyzed how new releases impact customer retention.• Designed a data warehouse to store raw customer events. Utilized RabbitMQ, Flume, S3 and Apache Pig.• Defined KPIs for measuring the success of engineering projects.• Applied NLP to the detection of abusive subscriptions.• Analyzed baby name and actuarial data from the Social Security Administration to estimate the age of customers.• Performed analysis of factors that impact customer churn to help improve customer retention.• Applied NLP to customer feedback providing insights to the product and engineering teams.• Applied word vectors (word2vec), supervised learning, and clustering algorithms to the categorization of customer emails.• Analyzed weblogs in combination with external data sources, the results of which were used to develop a successful abuse prevention system. Software Engineer Company Name AWeber Communications, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Chalfont, PA • Executed data analysis and Monte Carlo simulations which were then applied in architecting, designing, and implementing a system to automate key business processes. Primary contributor to all phases of the project.• Designed and implemented a large scale analytics system for ranking customers. Applied machine learning and data analysis techniques to identify the most valuable metrics.• Designed and implemented highly optimized predictive algorithm to make real-time predictions based on text data. Training pipeline utilized a customized vectorizer, principal component analysis, and random forests. Implemented a genetic algorithm to tune the algorithm parameters which resulted in large performance improvements. Utilized scikit-learn, pandas, amqp and mongodb.• Learned new technologies and promoted them to other developers. (e.g. scikit-learn, nltk, matplotlib, ipython-notebook, Hadoop, pandas).• Collaborated in analysis and design of predictive algorithm for use in abuse prevention.• Gave presentation on machine learning and proposals on future reputation projects.• ​Decreased abuse by automating abuse detection using customer data.• ​Analyzed data to quantify usefulness in data-mining efforts. The results of which were then utilized to improve user experience and prevent abuse. Utilized NumPy, SciPy, scikit-learn, and matplotlib.• ​Designed and implemented a high throughput, highly available, scalable service for data-mining purposes. Included AMQP messaging and REST API components. Utilized RabbitMQ, mongodb, gunicorn, flask and MapReduce.• Mentored and on-boarded junior engineers.• Designed and implemented high throughput, highly available, scalable REST API for the redesign of a customer facing feature. Utilized mongodb, gunicorn and flask.• Designed and implemented a framework to provide real-time API usage analytics. Software Engineer II Company Name TruePosition Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Berwyn, PA • Contributed to design and implementation of subscription based event filter system for external network managers.• Implemented duration filter as part of an updated alarm management framework for all agents.• Designed and implemented new message classes used for IPC in relation to UMTS location processing.• Implemented various other UMTS location processing related functionality.• Implemented automated unit tests utilizing cxxtest framework.• Supported test, documentation and operations across 7 major releases. Provided support by debugging, completing root cause analysis, designing and implementing fixes.• Utilized static code analysis(Klocwork/Coverity) and dynamic verification (Purify) to help identify errors.• Integrated build environment with new source control system.• Assisted in updating various 3rd party libraries including ACE and NetSNMP.• Remotely managed overseas contractors.• Introduced Python to the company to help increase productivity. Gave presentation with practicalexamples.• Implemented test scripts and tools in python. Included automated unit, sanity, stress tests, in addition to simulators.• Took part in development and testing of new agile development process.• Integrated Boost library into development environment.• Assisted in porting project from Sun CC to gcc compiler.• Designed and implemented SSL across multiple applications.• Assisted in implementing central authentication using CAS and PAM with a LDAP based server. See more positions Education Drexel University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Member The Math and Computer Science Society (ACM Student Chapter) 2000-2005, Member Drexel Programming Team 2002-2004, Contestant Mid-Atlantic Regional ACM Computer Programming Contest 2002-2004 Concentrations in Artificial Intelligence and Data Structures and Algorithms. Governor Thomas Johnson High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Volunteer Experience Talk Reviewer Company Name PyCon Dates volunteered Oct 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 8 mos Cause Science and Technology Volunteered for the PyCon program committee the group that selects the talks for the annual US Python conference. Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 19 endorsements for Machine Learning 19 Machine Learning Endorsed by Thomas Wiecki and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at Penn Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Health System Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science See 7 endorsements for Data Science 7 Data Science Endorsed by Randy Olson and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Penn Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Health System Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 71 endorsements for Python 71 Python Endorsed by Thomas Wiecki and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Penn Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Health System Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (2) Ken Phillips Principal OSS Solution Architect at Ericsson December 11, 2010, Ken worked with Michael in different groups Mike’s commitment to excellence as a software developer was observed first hand by myself as a colleague. His software engineering abilities are not limited to just producing code - he possess the right skill-sets that enable him to participate in the full range of software systems engineering duties including requirement analysis and interpretation, software functional design, code analysis and review, good unit testing of his software modules, and ability to deliver his software as specified in the requirements. Michael is also very easy to collaborate with, and is a self-starter; he will readily seek clarification on requirements, and is very good at resolving technical issues. Mark Haas Principal Software Engineer at TruePosition December 2, 2010, Mark was senior to Michael but didn’t manage directly I worked with Michael on many different projects throughout his career at Trueposition. He was always a key contributor to any project he was on. He excelled in problem solving along with coding and design. He is someone that I wouldn't hesitate to work with again. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Liz Cies B2B Tech PR and Marketing June 20, 2013, Michael worked with Liz in different groups It was a real pleasure working with Liz! She is a very driven and goal oriented individual. She has extremely good communication skills. Liz doesn't give up easily, even when faced with technical hurdles. Her advice and assistance was crticial in getting my meetup group off the ground and has contributed to its success. It's my belief that it is in large part due to Liz's efforts that our company has seen a significant bump in visibility. Rohit Goel Senior Software Engineer at Bloomberg May 19, 2008, Rohit was senior to Michael but didn’t manage directly Rohit is a mindful and efficient engineer. He strives for robust and efficient designs. He can implement large sets of changes with an amazing turn around. Rohit is one of the most talented engineers I have ever met and is a pleasure to work with. Accomplishments Michael has 8 projects 8 Expand projects section Projects DAA Philly Symposium 2015 (Speaker) PyOhio 2015 (Speaker) PyData NYC 2014 (Speaker) Girl Develop It: Intro to Machine Learning PyCon 2014 (Speaker) AWeber's "InspireTech in Bucks" PyData Conference Boston (Speaker) Data Processing with Mechanical Turk (Speaker) Michael has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications PyCon 2014: The Long Journey North Working with email content in Python Interests Python Community 138,810 members Sunlight Foundation 1,459 followers Machine Learning and Data Science 60,870 members The Drexel Alumni Networking Group 17,473 members The Official Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Group 28,622 members DataPhilly Meetup 12 members See all See all following
More Actions Dr. Kedar has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Dr. Kedar Kulkarni Senior Researcher at IBM Research IBM Research University of Illinois Bengaluru Area, India 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Dr. Kedar Kulkarni obtained his B.Tech / M.Tech from IIT-Bombay, and Ph.D from the University of Illinois, USA. During his PhD, he made several algorithmic contributions to the field of mathematical optimization as applied to distributed parameter chemical and biological systems. Thereafter, he worked as a plant optimization engineer at Air Liquide in Houston, USA before joining GE global research where, among other research activities, he was instrumental in developing novel and efficient techniques to solve wind farm micro-siting optimization problems. Following his stint at GE, he was a senior researcher in the controls / optimization group at ABB corporate research in Bangalore, India where he led a team to develop innovative math modeling and optimization strategies for efficient design and operation of different systems (specifically renewables). Until recently, he was a data scientist at Fixstream Inc. where he developed novel machine learning / data mining algorithms to address complex operational problems in modern cloud-enabled data centers. In his free time, he also mentored budding data scientists on the e-learning portal www.springboard.com. He is currently a senior researcher at IBM Research where he develops novel cognitive/analytics/data science/optimization/math modeling solutions for different IBM businesses.He has over 13 years of experience in mathematical modeling/simulation, optimization and machine learning. He has more than 30 international publications including 5 first-filings and 1 book to his credit. He has advised a Masters thesis student (UPES, Dehradun) and is currently co-advising a PhD student (IIT-Hyderabad, India). He has refereed many international journals/conferences of repute and has been invited for lectures/talks at various educational / research institutions / fora. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Dr. Kedar’s Activity 1,325 followers FixStream is awarded "Cool Vendor 2017" by Gartner Dr. Kedar liked See all activity Experience Senior Researcher Company Name IBM Research Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos -- Developing novel cognitive/analytics/data science/optimization/math modeling solutions for different IBM businesses Data Science Mentor Company Name Springboard Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr -- Mentoring students/professionals to design and develop data science solutions in R. Data Scientist Company Name FixStream, Inc Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr -- Developed novel machine learning / data mining algorithms to address complex operational problems in modern cloud-enabled data centers. Senior Scientist Company Name ABB Corporate Research Center Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Bangalore Scientist Company Name ABB Corporate Research Center Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Bangalore See more positions Education University of Illinois Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Chemical Engineering and Bioengineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: American Institute of Chemical Engineers Dissertation title: “Mathematical modeling, problem inversion and design of distributed chemical and biological systems”GPA - 3.9/4.0 Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay Degree Name M. Tech Field Of Study Process Systems Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2003 Thesis title: “Studies in reactive and robust scheduling: linearization procedures for non-linearities and non-differentiabilities” Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay Degree Name B. Tech Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2003 Activities and Societies: 1) Awarded the IIT-Bombay cultural citation for outstanding contributions over 5 years (1998-2003) in music - winning vocal competitions in inter-collegiate events, outstanding vocal/instrumental performances in on/off campus events, leadership in musical activities on campus. 2) Was the overall-coordinator for SPIC MACAY-2003 programs in IIT-B - led a team to organize musical programmes by renowned Indian musicians in different hostels on campus. Featured Skills & Endorsements Simulations See 40 endorsements for Simulations 40 Simulations Endorsed by Tirthajyoti Sarkar and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Dr. Kedar’s colleagues at ABB Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 35 endorsements for Matlab 35 Matlab Endorsed by Jyot Buch and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Dr. Kedar’s colleagues at FixStream Click and drag to reorder skills Mathematical Modeling See 31 endorsements for Mathematical Modeling 31 Mathematical Modeling Endorsed by Kishalay Mitra, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Dr. Kedar’s colleagues at ABB Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (2) Lekha Velkucherla BI Technical Lead at AAA Club Alliance. April 17, 2016, Lekha worked with Dr. Kedar but at different companies It is with pleasure and confidence that I recommend Kedar Kulkarni as a data science mentor. Kedar was a mentor in my Foundations of data science course. He has a strong academic background.He is deeply committed and well prepared for each mentor session and guided me through out the springboard data science course on exploratory analysis,machine learning,predictive modelling.He has taken interest in all the details of my work in each follow up session and brought the best out of my data science skills. Yogendra Shastri Assistant Professor June 2, 2009, Yogendra worked with Dr. Kedar in different groups My association with Kedar has been mainly as a friend and a colleague at UIC when both of us were working towards our PhD. Since systems modeling and analysis was a common research theme for both of us, I have had the pleasure of being involved in many stimulating discussions with him on the topic. During that time, I have found Kedar to be quite thorough with the concepts of process dynamics and modeling. His understanding of the basic and applied concepts in the field of process engineering is excellent. Moreover, his research in the field of algorithmic and methodological development illustrates that he has a strong mathematical foundation. I have noticed that this has helped him immensely in approaching complex problems, within as well as outside his domain of expertise, with relative ease. He also has become quite proficient in various programming languages such as MATLAB and GAMS. I have always found him to be a good communicator and a good listener. Based on my interactions with his group members, I know that he is a pleasure to work with. Overall, I think he will be a valuable asset to anyone and my best wishes will always be with him. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Lekha Velkucherla BI Technical Lead at AAA Club Alliance. April 26, 2016, Dr. Kedar was Lekha’s mentor I mentored Lekha in Springboard's 'Foundations of Data Science' course and found her to be a go-getter who can get things done on time without compromising on the quality of work. She finished all course work on time and was very driven and resourceful in gathering/cleaning data from different sources for her capstone project. In her capstone project, she formulated/solved a regression problem related to her field of study and applied/compared accuracies of different machine learning methods. I wish her all the best for her future data science endeavors! Rohit Ambekar Reliability Engineering at Apple May 26, 2009, Dr. Kedar and Rohit were students together In my honest opinion, Rohit is a well-rounded engineer – he is well-versed in theoretical and applied math (he was a top-ranker at the national level math olympiad) and at the same time has a very practical approach to problem-solving. I have closely interacted with Rohit throughout our under-grad at IIT-B and the one thing that always struck me about him was the simplicity in his approach to solve any problem. Level-headed, persistent and dedicated as he is, he has always managed to solve seemingly difficult problems, academic or otherwise. His hostel-room used to be abuzz with activity during exams with lots of classmates turning up for last minute advice. He has excelled consistently – right from being a ‘yantriki’ robotics competition winner at IIT-Bombay, to being an ASME international robotics competition winner, to finishing a PhD at UC-Berkeley, to working at Hitachi. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors and am sure he will continue to be a winner! Accomplishments Dr. Kedar has 22 publications 22 Expand publications section Publications A novel hybrid optimization methodology to optimize the total number and placement of wind turbines Design and Layout of Wind Farms A fast and effective algorithm to optimize the total number and placement of wind turbines Design and Layout of Wind Farms Optimal Power Dispatch For Wind Farm Control Considering Wake Effects Assessing Chronic Liver Toxicity based on Relative Gene Expression Data Barrier Terrain Methodology for Global Optimization Barrier Terrain Methodology for Global Optimization Multi-scale Modeling and Solution Multiplicity in Catalytic Pellet Reactors Parallel Hybrid Algorithm for Process Flexibility Analysis Dr. Kedar has 5 patents 5 Expand patents section Patents Wind farm inertial response Optimal wind farm operation Method and System for Solar Integration for Enhanced Oil Recovery Method and System for Solar Augmentation in Metal Industries Method and system for augmentation of solar energy with energy from other sources to provide enhanced energy for storage and utilization Dr. Kedar has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Institute Cultural Citation GE scholarship Institute Cultural Color Institute Cultural Color Dr. Kedar has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Kannada Marathi Interests Mathematical and Statistical Modeling 9,412 members Renewable Energy World 190,157 members University of Illinois at Chicago 164,867 followers Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay 74,766 followers Data Scientists 49,117 members Yokogawa 69,375 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dan has a account Dan Mallinger Executive Director, Data Science at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan Columbia University in the City of New York Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Dan Mallinger is an analytics leader and innovator. He focuses on creating data driven environments with a lens to the cultural and organizational drivers of success. He has experience enabling analytics and data science at enterprises, having helped many of the Fortune 500.Dan specializes in creating value by integrating data science and big data into existing business processes. His past work with clients achieved this across a number of analytics organization models, ranging from centralized data R&D to embedded capabilities in LoBs.He is formally trained in statistics, computer science, and organizational psychology & leadership. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Executive Director, Data Science Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Responsible for a cross-functional data science team acting as internal professional services to the Corporate and Investment Bank (CIB). Selected responsibilities include:* Data science leadership and talent management across projects* Technical leadership defining data science environments, tools, and best practices* Operational responsibilities including process definition and risk management across sales, delivery, and talent management* Sales leadership to select LoBs within the CIB Director of Data Science & Strategy Company Name Think Big (Acquired by Teradata) Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Joined as the first data scientist; grew the business and became the director of data science with overall responsibility for revenue and talent. Managing multiple customer relationships to identify analytics opportunity and execute. Overseeing a team of data scientists, their work on client projects, and career paths. Strategic leadership function responsible for integrating Sales and Services to build the portfolio of services to the marketplace.Selected highlights:* Built data science practices for multiple Fortune 500 firms, including use cases, hiring profiles, processes, and tooling.* Acted as a business liaison for customers; bringing business, analytics, and technology together to identify opportunities and align on program design* Created multiple automated decision systems including DSP for ad tech, cross-sell propensity for financial services, and security alerting for technology networks* Hands-on leadership of data science R&D, including new parallelized statistics on Spark Consulting Data Scientist Company Name OMGPOP (Acquired by Zynga) Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Joined to develop engagement and customer value insights. Brought in and managed consultants as needed for platform development. Acted as a partner to marketing and product teams to identify gaps in current solutions and opportunities with new insights.Selected highlights:* Created a Hadoop-based solution for evaluating in-game engagement that extended the functionality of existing vendor platforms Co-Founder Company Name Nightloop (Now Sevenrooms) Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area I've since moved on, but the other founders are doing amazing things. See: https://www.sevenrooms.com/ Statistician / Data Scientist Company Name Wireless Generation (Acquired by News Corp) Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Led insights as part of a data-driven product team for integrated instruction and assessment. Responsible for efficacy assessment and product recommendations in an agile environment. Acted as partner to R&D and managed research efforts to identify early literacy attainment patterns to drive a second generation solution. Selected highlights:* Built automated systems to assess program efficacy and report to schools on a semester basis* Created novel models of literacy attainment that proactively drove instruction recommendations See more positions Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name MA Field Of Study Social and Organizational Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Mathematical Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Research in Natural Language Processing, University Honors, Departmental Honors, Physics Tutor Featured Skills & Endorsements Big Data See 43 endorsements for Big Data 43 Big Data Endorsed by Ofer Mendelevitch and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Dan’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 38 endorsements for Analytics 38 Analytics Endorsed by Matt Horton and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Dan’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Hadoop See 35 endorsements for Hadoop 35 Hadoop Endorsed by Ron Bodkin and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Dan’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (5) Anna Yen VP Strategic Initiatives & Corp Dev, IRO July 30, 2013, Anna was senior to Dan but didn’t manage directly Dan is incredibly knowledgeable about data science work for business intelligence and data science engagements. He is unique in his ability to both technical and non-technical audiences. He frequently contributes to our company's marketing efforts and has a keen sense for understanding our clients business goals. Mike Fiedler Director of Engineering at Paribus July 22, 2011, Mike reported directly to Dan Working with Dan is a pleasure, very goal-oriented, and happy to assist in any way possible. If there's something that doesn't make sense, Dan will be sure to suss that out, and not simply nod and smile.Looking forward to the next opportunity. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Allister Duncan Managing Consultant | Data Science | allisterduncan@harnham.com September 7, 2016, Dan was a client of Allister’s I worked with Allister during my time at Think Big. He has one of the best networks of analytics recruiters that I've worked with. But, most important to me, he's earned my trust in an industry that can be short on it. Allister goes the extra mile to deliver results, respects the boundaries and policies of his clients, and repeatedly worked with me to ensure both the process and results were optimal.He's on a (very) short list of executive search professionals who I will call when I need results. David Trier Director, Big Data Services Think Big, a Teradata Company September 7, 2016, Dan worked with David in different groups Dave Trier is one of the best program managers I've ever worked with. He mixes his technical background, management skills, and business acumen to deliver multi-year big data programs in lock-step with expectations and his delivered forecasts. In the time I worked with Dave, he managed three of the three largest accounts and his customers loved him. And I know my technical teams appreciated his approach to integrating analytics outcomes into large scale big data and data lake programs. He's certainly someone I look forward to working with again in the future. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Dan has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Unsupervised Anomaly Detection with Spark BIG Data Science: A Path Forward The Role of the Data Scientist Webinar: Developing Your Big Data Applications in the AWS Cloud Interests BlackRock 329,957 followers Business Analytics, Big Data, and Artificial Intelligence 182,245 members OMD USA 18,164 followers Pulse 1,535,214 followers Data Scientists 49,117 members Data Science Central 291,510 members See all See all following
More Actions Diana has a account Diana Tkachenko Software Engineer at Google Google University of California, Berkeley San Francisco Bay Area 430 430 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Check out my learn-how-to-program blog: http://dtkachenko.blogspot.comI'm a platform software engineer that creates scalable, reusable systems that serve as a foundation for all other development. I have broad experience with microservices, caching techniques, messaging systems, database design, and search. In addition, I have a strong understanding of build and deploy systems, having built one from scratch based on the immutable server pattern. My main goal is to design and build optimized, yet generic systems to serve varying purposes - be it providing a platform for data scientists deploying their dashboards, or engineers deploying their microservices. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Diana’s Articles 437 followers Embracing Immutable Server Pattern Deployment on AWS Diana Tkachenko on LinkedIn Publish dateSeptember 8, 2016 See all articles Experience Software Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Mountain View Data Platform Engineer, Core Infrastructure Company Name Stitch Fix Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location San Francisco, CA I build any and all tools that let data scientists do data science. I stood up a build and deploy pipeline from scratch that enabled data scientists to package their code and deploy into production on AWS. We use Netflix's immutable server pattern in our deployments - building RPMs from spec files, deploying the artifact to an RPM repository, baking an AMI and launching this AMI into AWS inside an ASG backed by a load balancer. All these steps have been simplified down to a few button clicks to make the process as smooth as possible. I am currently working to make this process even easier and more approachable. In addition, I maintain the execution portion of our ETLs and other jobs on Jenkins - making sure the Jenkins slave machines have what is needed to support our jobs. Currently I am building out a more robust execution service that will run all jobs inside Docker containers. Media (2) This position has 2 media Making Spinnaker Go @ Stitch Fix Making Spinnaker Go @ Stitch Fix This media is a document How to Build Tools for Data Scientists That Don't Suck How to Build Tools for Data Scientists That Don't Suck This media is a document Software Engineer, Enterprise Platform Company Name One Kings Lane Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location San Francisco Led the effort to switch to a more robust and flexible data model that decoupled products from flash sales. This also included writing new services on the new database and running nightly migrations between the two databases as applications gradually moved over.Lead engineer: prototyped the use of Redis over Memcached for caching - load tested and designed failover strategy with Redis Sentinels. As a result, Redis was put to use as caching framework in all new services.Designed and implemented a new messaging framework called Postman Pat that is being used for all new services in engineering. Built on RabbitMQ, this service standardized the message schemas between the many applications that were using RabbitMQ to send notifications.Lead engineer: real time, mysql-binlog based approach to keeping the inventory service cache up to date with the two databases that were changing beneath them (since some applications were still writing to the old database). Built on a set of ruby gems Kodama/Ruby-binlog/mysql-replication-listener that required some heavy ops lifting - set up all the necessary installations on ubuntu (test machines), CentOS (prod machines) and Unix (local machine).Led the development of the real time syncing between the old and the new database, called the Sync Job. Created and maintained many Jenkins jobs, set up production deployment pipelines for both the Migration and the Syncjob. Piloted the productionalizing strategy for both these ETL processes. Software Engineer, Data Science Company Name One Kings Lane Dates Employed May 2013 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location San Francisco Data visualization through R and ggplot2, map, shiny - created a map showing locations of our most prominent shoppers (by amount spent) and turned the daily business results tables into automated daily graphs for easier digest.Championed an in-house machine learning color sorting api and worked with lead data scientist to gather requirements and communicate with stakeholders (see image).Lead engineer: modifying Storm (real time data pipeline) for our ruby stack.Lead engineer: Redis in-memory data store servicing all data needed by the storefront site to improve performance and also add more functionality like time range based queries for events. Media (1) This position has 1 media In-house Color Sorting Algorithm In-house Color Sorting Algorithm This media is an image Software Engineer, Search Company Name Identified Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location San Francisco Designed and implemented lucene search for job category classification for HealthRecruit [a search engine built on Facebook to help recruiters in the health industry find relevant candidates]Lead the engineering effort to switch to a new more robust, label based approach for classifying jobsLead engineer on all job title classifications for Identified’s main product, HealthRecruitWorked extensively on cleaning data in the database and calculating precision and recall for our classification system. See more positions Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 University of Copenhagen Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2009 Henry M Gunn High School Degree Name High school diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Amazon Web Services (AWS) See 11 endorsements for Amazon Web Services (AWS) 11 Amazon Web Services (AWS) Endorsed by Peter Sankauskas, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Diana’s colleagues at Stitch Fix Click and drag to reorder skills Docker See 9 endorsements for Docker 9 Docker Endorsed by 9 of Diana’s colleagues at Stitch Fix Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 16 endorsements for Java 16 Java Endorsed by Yegor Borovikov and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Diana’s colleagues at Stitch Fix Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Nicholas Kridler Principal Data Scientist October 23, 2016, Nicholas worked with Diana in different groups Diana is easily one of the best engineers I've had the pleasure of working with. All of our applications at Stitch Fix run on the deployment pipeline she built. My first interaction with Diana was deploying one of my apps through her pipeline tools. Not only were her tools well documented and easy to follow, she helped me fix the design of my apps so that they survived Chaos Monkey. I'm a better engineer because of her and I wish that every engineer I worked with was as great as Diana. Daniel Pritchard Manager, Software Engineering at One Kings Lane October 7, 2016, Daniel was senior to Diana but didn’t manage directly Diana is an exceptional engineer who was well-respected across our engineering org. She tackled some incredibly complex problems surrounding synchronization of data and worked tirelessly to perfect a system. Her code was performant, and well architected. Outside of her primary job duties, Diana was also a huge amount of fun to work with — her sense of humor was legendary and she really brought the overall morale up several notches just by being in the room. Having the chance to work with Diana was definitely a highlight of being a part of the One Kings Lane team, and I would strongly recommend her for any team that needs a serious and talented engineer, especially if you value having a vibrant and positive team culture. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Diana has 7 honors 7 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 1st Place, US Open Music Competition 1st Place, US Open Music Compeittion 1st Place, Chopin Piano Competition 1st Place, US Open Music Competition Winner, Russian-American International Young Virtuosos Competition 1st Place, Chopin Piano Competition 3rd Place, Chopin Piano Competition Diana has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Russian Diana has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Checkers Simulation with Rudimentary AI Multi-Threaded TCP Chatting Application Diana has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score SAT II: Math IIC Interests Recode 723,618 followers Pulse 1,535,215 followers Københavns Universitet 148,882 followers Professional Women 14,557,216 followers Conan O'BrienConan O&#39;Brien is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Conan 446,439 followers Københavns Universitet 140,683 followers See all See all following
More Actions Muxi has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Muxi Li Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft Harvard University Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Muxi’s Articles 1,696 followers Intelligent manufacturing to take center stage at Hannover Messe 2016 Muxi Li on LinkedIn Publish dateApril 18, 2016 See 1 more article Microsoft Azure Machine Learning is Hiring. Check this out! Muxi Li on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 3, 2015 Experience Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Cambridge, MA • Developed data-driven solutions for enterprises across various industries using Azure Machine Learning, a machine learning tool running on cloud• Defined problems with customers, built machine learning models, cooperated with data engineers to develop end-to-end pipelines Teaching Fellow Company Name Harvard University Dates Employed Jan 2014 – May 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Cambridge, MA • Served as a teaching fellow of course AM221 (Advanced Optimization)• Graded homework and supervised students over course projects Product Planner Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Beijing City, China • Contributed to the development of a cloud-based platform for smarter city construction with a team of 5 product planners • Took charge of market research on smart transportation and mayor dashboard• Conducted market research on 3 start-ups operating taxi-calling apps, facilitated cooperation between Microsoft and one of the 3 start-ups IT Advisor Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Shanghai City, China • Prepared training materials for Bank of Communications’ Anti-fraud System Construction Project Team• Analyzed company policies and communicated with clients to specify policies’ target executors and execution frequency for China Pacific Insurance(group) Corporation Education Harvard University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Computational Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Coursework:• Advanced Machine Learning• Data Science• Computing Foundations for Computational Science• Independent Research: Computation of Random Utility Model in Econometrics University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name Research Exchange Program Field Of Study Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Conducted research in Process Systems Engineering, working on developing a new numerical solution of Differential Algebraic Equations based gas-solid reaction model. Zhejiang University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) Field Of Study Control Science & Engineering Grade 3.94 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Producer & Actress @ Black & White Drama Association Member @ Chu Kochen Honors College Student Union Conductor @ Chu Kochen Honors College Chorus Team Student researcher at Process Systems Engineering Lab, conducting research on computation and optimization. Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 55 endorsements for Machine Learning 55 Machine Learning Endorsed by Brandon Rohrer and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Muxi’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 40 endorsements for Data Analysis 40 Data Analysis Endorsed by Yuanwen (Chuck) Wang and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Muxi’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 47 endorsements for Python 47 Python Endorsed by Brandon Rohrer and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Muxi’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Muxi has 18 courses 18 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Machine Learning C Programming Language & Lab Computing Foundations for Computational Science Data Science Data Structure & Database Technique Fundamentals of Game Theory Linear Algebra 1 & 2 Management Mathematical Analysis 1 & 2 Mathematical Modeling & Simulation Muxi has 7 projects 7 Expand projects section Projects Predicting the Importance of Issues in Open Government Platforms Econometrical Market Analysis Based on Multi-Type Random Utility Model Learning to Rank Hotels to Maximize Purchases Load Balancing the 0-1 Knapsack Problem in MPI Optimization in Polymerization Based on Non-derivative Method Solid-gas Reaction Simulation Optimization of Piecewise Linear Regression Muxi has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Outstanding Graduate Award of Zhejiang Province (Top 3%) Chun Hui Scholarship (Top 2%) Meritorious Winner in Mathematical Contest in Modeling (MCM) Excellent Student Leader National Scholarship of China (Top 2%) Scholarship for Distinguished Social Work Interests LinkedIn 2,127,859 followers J.P. Morgan 821,712 followers Facebook 1,533,671 followers Target 589,521 followers The Walt Disney Company 965,092 followers Google 4,871,487 followers See all See all following
More Actions Muxi has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Muxi Li Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft Harvard University Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Muxi’s Articles 1,696 followers Intelligent manufacturing to take center stage at Hannover Messe 2016 Muxi Li on LinkedIn Publish dateApril 18, 2016 See 1 more article Microsoft Azure Machine Learning is Hiring. Check this out! Muxi Li on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 3, 2015 Experience Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Cambridge, MA • Developed data-driven solutions for enterprises across various industries using Azure Machine Learning, a machine learning tool running on cloud• Defined problems with customers, built machine learning models, cooperated with data engineers to develop end-to-end pipelines Teaching Fellow Company Name Harvard University Dates Employed Jan 2014 – May 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Cambridge, MA • Served as a teaching fellow of course AM221 (Advanced Optimization)• Graded homework and supervised students over course projects Product Planner Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Beijing City, China • Contributed to the development of a cloud-based platform for smarter city construction with a team of 5 product planners • Took charge of market research on smart transportation and mayor dashboard• Conducted market research on 3 start-ups operating taxi-calling apps, facilitated cooperation between Microsoft and one of the 3 start-ups IT Advisor Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Shanghai City, China • Prepared training materials for Bank of Communications’ Anti-fraud System Construction Project Team• Analyzed company policies and communicated with clients to specify policies’ target executors and execution frequency for China Pacific Insurance(group) Corporation Education Harvard University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Computational Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Coursework:• Advanced Machine Learning• Data Science• Computing Foundations for Computational Science• Independent Research: Computation of Random Utility Model in Econometrics University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name Research Exchange Program Field Of Study Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Conducted research in Process Systems Engineering, working on developing a new numerical solution of Differential Algebraic Equations based gas-solid reaction model. Zhejiang University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) Field Of Study Control Science & Engineering Grade 3.94 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Producer & Actress @ Black & White Drama Association Member @ Chu Kochen Honors College Student Union Conductor @ Chu Kochen Honors College Chorus Team Student researcher at Process Systems Engineering Lab, conducting research on computation and optimization. Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 55 endorsements for Machine Learning 55 Machine Learning Endorsed by Brandon Rohrer and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Muxi’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 40 endorsements for Data Analysis 40 Data Analysis Endorsed by Yuanwen (Chuck) Wang and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Muxi’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 47 endorsements for Python 47 Python Endorsed by Brandon Rohrer and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Muxi’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Muxi has 18 courses 18 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Machine Learning C Programming Language & Lab Computing Foundations for Computational Science Data Science Data Structure & Database Technique Fundamentals of Game Theory Linear Algebra 1 & 2 Management Mathematical Analysis 1 & 2 Mathematical Modeling & Simulation Muxi has 7 projects 7 Expand projects section Projects Predicting the Importance of Issues in Open Government Platforms Econometrical Market Analysis Based on Multi-Type Random Utility Model Learning to Rank Hotels to Maximize Purchases Load Balancing the 0-1 Knapsack Problem in MPI Optimization in Polymerization Based on Non-derivative Method Solid-gas Reaction Simulation Optimization of Piecewise Linear Regression Muxi has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Outstanding Graduate Award of Zhejiang Province (Top 3%) Chun Hui Scholarship (Top 2%) Meritorious Winner in Mathematical Contest in Modeling (MCM) Excellent Student Leader National Scholarship of China (Top 2%) Scholarship for Distinguished Social Work Interests Apparel & Fashion 3,072,002 followers Microsoft 3,687,316 followers 浙江大学 89,787 followers Pulse 1,535,215 followers Zhejiang University 95,829 followers Deloitte 2,174,003 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amrita has a account Amrita Ray Senior Data Scientist at Microsoft (Skype) Microsoft University of Pittsburgh San Francisco Bay Area 351 351 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Moved to ML & data science at Microsoft. Working on ML/Stats methods to understand and improve customer engagement in using Skype. Loving it!Before Microsoft:I worked on Big data in genetics & Personalized Medicine.I like to start with the big picture of a problem, translate the problem into statistical framework, visualize and analyze the data to finally explain the findings in simple ways. My work involves statistical method development and analysis in areas of personalized medicine from big data in genetics, ie cater medicines based on patients’ genetics. Currently principal scientist & leading a group of data analysts in a joint project between Stanford, UCSF and Kaiser Permanente analyzing terabytes of genetic data of cancer patients. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area User engagement Research Scientist, Statistics and Statistical Genetics Company Name Stanford University Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Natural language processing and Machine learning, Big data genetics @ Stanford.4 method development papers and 10 applied papers, with 3 first authors and 3 published in Nature publishing group. Data scientist (Consultant) Company Name Edmodo Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos User’s Engagement prediction : Model fit to predict the teacher's engagement score based on teacher's activities in Edmodo.com. First statistician in the team, responsible for statistical analysis of big data and visualization using R. Statistician Company Name St. Jude Medical Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Postdoctoral fellow, Statistics Company Name Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos See more positions Education University of Pittsburgh Degree Name Ph.D Field Of Study Statistical Genetics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Indian Statistical Institute Degree Name M. Stat Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Presidency College Degree Name B. Sc Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 16 endorsements for R 16 R Endorsed by Vikas Agrawal and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Amrita’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 9 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 9 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Vikas Agrawal, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Amrita’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Bioinformatics See 11 endorsements for Bioinformatics 11 Bioinformatics Endorsed by Anguraj Sadanandam and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Amrita’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Bill Gibb Research Fellow April 4, 2011, Amrita worked with Bill in the same group Amrita is bright, friendly, resourceful and an excellent person to work with. She came up with many creative ways of tackling challenging problems in bioinformatics and computational biology, while still keeping her analyses on a solid statistical foundation. Feng Dai Research Scientist at Yale University April 21, 2011, Feng and Amrita were students together Amrita was an excellent PhD student on statistical genetics. She always came up with creative ways of tackling with hard problems. Many fellows students including me benefited a lot from our discussions with her. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests LinkedIn 2,127,860 followers Indian Statistical Institute 7,364 followers Pulse 1,535,216 followers Presidency College 10,154 followers Indian Statistical Institute 7,185 followers Stanford University 373,238 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sean Patrick has a account Sean Patrick Murphy Founder, Full Stack Data Science PingThings University of Oxford - Said Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Sean consults on data science and data products for several companies. He is a founder and board member of Data Community DC, a 8,000-member community of data practitioners, and leads the 1,500+ member Data Innovation DC MeetUp that focuses on the use of data for value creation.He completed his graduate work in biomedical engineering at Johns Hopkins University and stayed on as a senior scientist at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory for over a decade where he focused on machine learning, anomaly detection, image analysis, and high performance and cloud-based computing. He graduated from the DC inaugural class of the Founder Institute, completed Hacker School in New York City, and serves as a judge and mentor for Venture for America.Specialties: Cloud computing; Data science; Data products; Time series; Big data; Algorithm development, Business intelligence and analytics; Education and learning analytics; Lean startup; Building communities; Public speaking; See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Co-Founder and Chief Data Scientist Company Name PingThings Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Orange County, California Area PingThings is an Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) startup bringing advanced data science and machine learning to the nation's electric grid. Our PredictiveGrid™ platform leverages the capital investments made in the SmartGrid infrastructure to provide asset health alerts, conditioned maintenance alerts, geomagnetic disruption alerts, and more enabling secure, and optimal delivery of electrical power to businesses and consumers. PingThings is the only startup to ever receive seed funding from GE and has already raised several million dollars in funding. Founder and Chief Data Scientist Company Name SPMurphy Consulting LLC Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs Location Washington D.C. Metro Area I have been consulting with organizations ranging from fast growing startups to universities and other large organizations on a range of topics focusing on data science and technology strategy. Engagements have ranged from a few months to 5+years.Transformed previously collected web-scale educational data into insights for both the product development and engineering teams. Enhanced the data architecture to increase development velocity.Authored the Data Science and Analytics curriculum for Georgetown University’s Center for Continuing and Professional EducationRewrote and optimized software to compute the short-time Fourier transform of EEG data. Reduced execution time from hours to seconds allowing the rapid analysis of a terabyte of subject data. Automated the extraction of subject data from legacy software, saving six months of time for a medical research project.Created a semi-automated method of segmenting visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissues in patient CT scans, saving months of project time. Media (1) This position has 1 media Home Home This media is a link Co Founder Company Name Data Innovation DC Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Data Innovation DC is a meetup group that discusses creating financial, social, and environmental value from data. We have grown to nearly 2,000 members over the last 4 years and held over 22 events. Founder and Chief Technology Officer Company Name Insight Signals Dates Employed May 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Founded a startup that analyzed email across all inboxes within a corporation to understand internal and external social networks and monitor sales team productivity. Bootstrapped to two dozen clients and six figures in revenue. CoFounder and Board Member Company Name Data Community DC, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Data Community DC (DC2) was started to support educational events throughout the DC area. In addition to supporting the parent organization, I cofounded the Data Science MD Meetup Group and cofounded and organize the Data Innovation DC Meetup focused on creating value from data. I also lead the W3DC program within DC2, responsible for the online presence of the organization. See more positions Education University of Oxford - Said Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Grade graduated with Distinction and a Half Blue Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Hacker School Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 Hacker School is a writer's retreat for writers of software. The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Biomedical Engineering Grade 4.0/4.0, graduated with Honors Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 See more education Volunteer Experience Judge and Mentor Company Name Venture for America Dates volunteered Feb 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 4 mos Cause Economic Empowerment Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 82 endorsements for Machine Learning 82 Machine Learning Endorsed by Abhijit Dasgupta and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Sean Patrick’s colleagues at Data Community DC, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Apache Spark See 2 endorsements for Apache Spark 2 Apache Spark Mathias Golombek and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 53 endorsements for Big Data 53 Big Data Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Sean Patrick’s colleagues at Data Community DC, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Rainy Hake Executive Vice President & COO for Alain Pinel Realtors April 29, 2009, Sean Patrick worked with Rainy in the same group Sean is strategic genius with an entrepreneurial spirit. He is a unique visionary with the necessary follow through to turn dreams into realities. His business sense and technological knowledge make him an asset on any tech savvy business project. I have enjoyed working with Sean several times and would highly recommend him in any facet. Dwayne Martin Data driven marketer. I’m a creative that’s good with numbers and can code. October 22, 2009, Dwayne and Sean Patrick were students together I had the pleasure of studying with Sean at Oxford. Sean is a fast thinker who is both creative and analytical. He has polished communication skills and would be an asset to any team or project. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Radmil Elkis, P.E. Senior Professional Staff II at The Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory March 9, 2010, Sean Patrick and Radmil were students together Radmil was a tenacious student at College Park who immersed himself in the most difficult subjects, continually seeking a deeper understanding of graduate-level material as an undergraduate. After knowing him for over a decade, I can say that this drive applies to everything that he does. Jonathan Butt Driving organic growth through digital transformation October 27, 2009, Sean Patrick worked with Jonathan but at different companies Jonathan brought to the Said Business School at Oxford an intense energy and drive to leave the institution better than he found it. He actively pursued numerous efforts to increase the school's competitiveness in global rankings and improve the student experience. His fellow classmates, a very impressive cohort, quickly saw his potential and elected him into leadership positions in the class. Simply put, a first class individual who would benefit any organization. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Sean Patrick has 19 publications 19 Expand publications section Publications Data and Electric Power: From Deterministic Machines to Probabilistics Systems in Traditional Engineering From Deterministic Machine to Probabilistic System Practical Data Science Cookbook Differences in EEG Power Spectrum During Normal Sleep in Children Ages 6 to 12 years: Findings from the TuCASA Study Intelligence Among School-Aged Children (Age 6-12) is Associated with Delta Power in Sleep Characterizing Sleep of Critically ill Children in the PICU: Novel Applications of Spectral Analysis with the Fast Fourier Transform Characterizing Sleep of Critically ill Children in the PICU: Novel Applications of Spectral Analysis with the Fast Fourier Transform Analyzing the Analyzers: An Introspective on Data Scientists First experiences with semi-autonomous robotic harvesting of protein crystals. Pandemic influenza policy model: a planning tool for military public health officials Sean Patrick has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores GRE GMAT Sean Patrick has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Cloudera Certified Developer for Apache Hadoop CDH4 Sean Patrick has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Sean Patrick has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Techniques for automated diagnosis of cell-borne anomalies with digital optical microscope Interests Hilary MasonHilary Mason is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Fast Forward Labs 141,489 followers University of Oxford - Said Business School 22,132 followers Hadoop Users 98,331 members Johns Hopkins University APL Alumni 582 members Google 4,871,491 followers PingThings 59 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Carson Senior Consultant in Data Science & Analytics, Matisia Consultants Matisia Consultants CUNY School of Professional Studies Greater Seattle Area 280 280 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent An all-around analytics professional who leverages his experience as a business consultant to convert data into actionable insights that drive effective decision making.Skills:Data Science: Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, Web Scraping, Data Mining, Classification, Clustering, Natural Language Processing, Text Mining, R, Python, Azure ML, XML, JSONMathematics & Statistics: Modeling, Inference, Hypothesis Testing, Simulation, Regression, Probability, R, Python, ExcelBusiness Intelligence: Data Analysis, Data Modeling, Reporting, Tableau, PowerBI, DAX, Excel, MDX, SSASDatabase Design & Administration: Ad hoc queries, views, stored procedures, permissions, jobs, security, SQL, SSDE, SSIS, Access, MySQLData Visualization and UI Design: Charting, Dashboarding, Reporting, Tableau, PowerBI, R Markdown, ExcelProgramming: R, Python, SQL, Pig, Hive, Scope, VBA, PowerShellBig Data: Hadoop, COSMOS/SCOPE, MapReduce, MongoDBOther: Communication, critical thinking, analysis, teamwork, efficient, motivated, curious See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist & BI Dev/Analyst Company Name Matisia Consultants Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Data Scientist and BI Developer, T-Mobile• Developed simulations in R to predict test case and defect burndown for multimillion-dollar project. • Created graph network visualization of test cases and defects in R, Tableau, and PowerBI.• Designed and implemented executive level Tableau dashboard dashboards for multimillion-dollar project. Responsible for gathering requirements from stakeholders, building proofs-of-concept, developing reports, and communicating changes to stakeholders.Visualization Analyst, T-Mobile• Developed Tableau dashboards to be used by VP level executives to assess actuals, targets, and variances for all projects rolling up to them. Dashboards cover hundreds of projects totaling hundreds of millions of dollars in budgets.BI Developer and Analyst, Carlson Wagonlit Travel• Responsible for building and maintaining end-to-end business intelligence solution and advanced analytics for booking tools management and development teams. • Created regression models to predict transaction times for booking agents. Used to reduce transaction times and isolate key factors that were contributing to transaction time.• Using SQL Server and Power BI, created automated dynamic dashboards for senior management to monitor product usage (5 million transactions per month) and efficiency across countries and individuals worldwide (5,000+ users per month).BI Dev & Analyst, SDM, Metric Management for Microsoft (Finance BI team)• Requirements gathering, data sourcing, data integration, report development, and data validation for financial reporting serving thousands of users worldwide.• Metric manager for 100+ cloud related metrics. Oversaw definition, implementation, QA, and CRs for metrics. Worked with stakeholders (data providers, business owners, business users) directly to process, troubleshoot, and update metrics in various dashboards and reports. Course Assistant Company Name University of Washington Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Course Assistant to the Data Science Certificate program for Fall, Winter, and Spring quarters. Data Analyst Company Name PhilosophyNews.com Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos I combine my love for philosophy and love for data to do surveys on philosophical beliefs, develop reports on PhD placement, and write articles on philosophical topics I am interested in.Projects:Nationally recognized reports and analysis on philosophy placement records at the graduate level.Surveys of philosophical beliefs and how these beliefs relate to each other.Philosophical commentary on current topics of interest. Presenter Company Name TDWI Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Various 8/27/2015-TDWI Seattle:Presentation on "Advanced Topics in Data Visualization"​. Overview of data science, visualization for data science, R, and ggplot2 in a business scenario demo.7/29/2015-TDWI Boston: "The Analytics Experience"​Presentation on "Advanced Topics in Data Visualization". Overview of data science, visualization for data science, R, and ggplot2 in a business scenario demo. Media (1) This position has 1 media Visualizing Data Science Visualizing Data Science This media is a document BI Analyst & Data Scientist Company Name VIR Solutions Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Sammamish, WA BI Consultant and Analyst, Microsoft (WP Store People & Windows Content Publishing)• Architected and owned app evaluation, merchandizing, and calendaring systems for Windows 8 store promotions launch and following. Used Access and SQL server to create custom solution.• Used a wide variety of data sources such as Cosmos, SSAS, flat files, and SQL Server tables to gather data, validate data, and report data to clients.• Created a classification model to predict the promotability of apps within the store. Allowed the marketing team to focus efforts in app reviews on only those apps most likely to be promotable.Data Analysis and Modeling Consultant, Juniper Networks • Developed models for forecasting software bugs in future software releases. • Provided queries, reports, and data validation for BI team. • Maintained cube responsible for supplying metrics used to evaluate executive performance. See more positions Education CUNY School of Professional Studies Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Data Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2018 https://sps.cuny.edu/academics/graduate/master-science-data-analytics-msA Master of Science degree in Data Analytics. The 12 course program is focused more on "data science" as opposed to traditional BI. Topics include security and architecture, web analytics, networks, Hadoop/Mahout, Github, Python, R, MapReduce, SQL, NoSQL, graph databases. University of Washington Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 Introduction to Data Science, Methods for Data Analysis, Deriving Knowledge from Data At Scale Sunset Learning Institute Degree Name Hortonworks HDP Analyst Data Science Course Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 https://www.sunsetlearning.com/course-catalog/hortonworks-hdp-analyst-data-science/Data Science for the Hortonworks Data Platform covers data science principles and techniques through lecture and hands-on experience. During this three-day course, students will learn the processes and practice of data science, including machine learning and natural language processing. Students will also learn the tools and programming languages used by data scientists, including Python, IPython, Mahout, Pig, NumPy, pandas, SciPy, Scikit-learn, the Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK), and Spark MLlib. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Database Design See 14 endorsements for Database Design 14 Database Design Endorsed by 2 of Andrew’s colleagues at Matisia Consultants Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 14 endorsements for Business Intelligence 14 Business Intelligence Endorsed by Ben Olsen, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Andrew’s colleagues at Matisia Consultants Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 12 endorsements for Data Mining 12 Data Mining Endorsed by Ernst Henle, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Andrew’s colleagues at Matisia Consultants Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) Cyrus Olsen Sr. Executive, Operational Strategist, Execution Zealot May 23, 2014, Cyrus was senior to Andrew but didn’t manage directly Andy has been a careful and thoughtful analyst. His skills are both technical and interpersonal, and he communicates effectively. As a team member, he excels in delivering precise and thoughtful analysis and data visualizations. Paul Pardi Content Publishing Manager at Microsoft; Publisher at Philosophy News; Instructor at Seattle Pacific University September 15, 2013, Paul managed Andrew directly I hired Andy to work in a very demanding environment to help build a critical business-oriented database solution for my group. The group was responsible for a major Microsoft initiative and involved working with data that helped us work on the Windows Store in 89 markets and would serve dozens of staff and partners. Andy was asked to get up to speed on the business and the work we had to do in a matter of weeks, work with full time and vendor staff to determine requirements, and then implement the solution and do all this almost independently.Andy executed on this very challenging scenario with extreme skill. He demonstrated a high-level of creativity, took instructions from multiple stakeholders and created specs, developed tools, and did subsequent data analysis with a skill that far exceeded his experience. He had to learn a number of technologies that were new to him and he learned these skills quickly and applied them with aplomb. The work he did really required multiple people but we were resource-constrained and Andy was able to take on this large volume of work and was able to deal with ambiguity and multiple inputs efficiently and highly effectively. He built strong relationships across my team and partner teams which enabled him to effectively execute his tasks. He was patient and proactive, he dealt with multiple personalities effectively and he accommodated the needs of the team with an effectiveness that I've rarely seen in my many years at Microsoft. He became an integral part of the team and his work enabled us to complete our job in a way that would have been near impossible without it. I would not hesitate to hire Andy again and have found him to be both a pleasure to work with and a highly effective team member. I have no doubt that Andy will be a key and strong contributor in whatever role he finds himself. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Andrew Smith Director of Product at Transpose October 15, 2014, Andrew worked with Andrew in different groups I've known Andrew as a fellow classmate, coworker, and friend. As a student, Andrew demonstrated an eagerness to learn and a thoughtfulness that did not hesitate to delve into the complexities of deep issues. His insights often gave clarity to the rest of his classmates and advanced the discussion in a fruitful direction. I have seen him carry over this eagerness to learn into his professional career, seeking out new opportunities to develop his skills so as to provide more value to his team and better support to his teammates and customers. His analytical and writing skills have also enabled him to communicate clearly and effectively with customers and coworkers so as to accomplish the many projects at hand. As a friend, Andrew continues to be a loyal and positive force in the lives of those who are blessed to know him. Consequently, I know he will be a great asset to any team lucky to have him, and I highly recommend him. Scott Kinyon Organizational Leader | Songwriter | Academic | Cross-Cultural Communicator August 29, 2012, Andrew was senior to Scott but didn’t manage directly In the summer of 2007 Scott and I both worked at Cascades Camp & Conference Center. I worked on the leadership team organizing and leading music for the various camps, while Scott worked as a counselor at those camps. I did not oversee Scott directly, but I worked with those who did oversee him on a daily basis. Their impression, as well as my own from personal observations, was always positive. Other counselors talked highly of how Scott engaged with his campers, how energetic and enthusiastic he was during games and other activities, and how helpful he was in assisting them when they needed help. Scott's supervisors also talked highly of him, impressed by the work he was doing. He was asked to stay on a little longer to be a counselor for some of the later camps, and was asked to return the following year to work in a leadership role, all because of his great work that summer.Most importantly, the kids Scott worked with loved him. They greatly enjoyed being around him and he was often the subject of discussion. Campers energetically talked about his playful antics and funny costumes, making him one of the more popular counselors among the campers. One could tell that Scott had made a very positive impression on them, and that largely due to his work, they had had a great week at camp.Having known Scott as a fellow student, a roommate, a coworker, and a close friend, Scott has always shown an eagerness and willingness to serve and to work hard in order to get any task accomplished. I highly recommend him for any job he might wish to pursue. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Andrew has 22 courses 22 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Logic Applied Analysis Applied Statistics Axiomatic Geometry Computer Programming Deriving Knowledge from Data At Scale Discrete Mathematics Intermediate Logic Intermediate Programming Introduction to Analysis Andrew has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Data Science Andrew has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Andrew has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Seattle Pacific University: Certificate in Data and Analytics Interests Big Data and Analytics 330,675 members BI over Beers 1,058 members Microsoft 3,687,319 followers The Future of Big Data 1,683 members Evans School of Public Policy and Governance, University of Washington 10,953 followers University of Washington, Henry M. Jackson School of International Studies 11,365 followers See all See all following
More Actions Erin has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Erin Coffman Data Scientist, Economic Policy at Airbnb Airbnb Georgia State University San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Scientist at Airbnb.Analytics-related skills: Data analysis, project management, program evaluation, customer analytics, operational reporting and forecasting.Other things I enjoy and have been paid to do: teaching (math and economics, middle school through college), event planning and management, travel booking, and economic research. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist, Economic Policy Company Name Airbnb Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Data Scientist, Business Growth and Operations Company Name Airbnb Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Business partner for the Customer Experience team (January 2013 - September 2015) + Lead analytics support for the 1000-person CX team + Provides employee performance metrics for the CX management team + Maintains daily, weekly and monthly reporting on business metrics related to the CX team + Leads research projects pertaining to Airbnb's Customer Experience, with a focus on acquisition, onboarding, and growth + Works with FP&A to develop business forecasts for customer service inquiries and headcount needs + Provides support for ad hoc requests from team Business partner for Government Relations, Legal and Tax Teams (September 2013 - January 2015) + Maintains monthly reporting on business metrics key to our GR teams + Lead analytics support for Economic Impact Studies commissioned by Airbnb + Lead analytics support for projects relating to government, legal and tax + Provides support for ad hoc requests from teams Customer Analytics Company Name Airbnb Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Lead analyst on the Customer Experience team of nearly 250 people + Forecasting and headcount planning for global Customer Experience team+ Scheduling plan for 200 specialists, ensuring coverage in language, contact medium, and specialization+ Provided employee performance metrics for the CX management team+ Maintained daily, weekly and monthly reporting on business metrics related to the CX team+ Provided support for ad hoc requests from team + Liaison to analytics team PhD Student, Economics Company Name Georgia State University Dates Employed Aug 2007 – May 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area + Focus in public economics, particularly education policy+ Secondary field in political economy+ Coursework in theory, statistics, econometrics, state/local government, voter theory, urban economics, and labor economics+ Andrew Young Fellow Graduate Research Assistant Company Name Georgia State University Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area + Research projects in higher education policy, science and engineering labor force, technology, and health policy+ Teaching assistant for The Economics of Work and Pay (senior undergraduate course) See more positions Education Georgia State University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Graduate Student Association - Andrew Young School of Policy Studies, Cohort Ambassador Georgia State University Degree Name MA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Anderson University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Mathematics, Economics, Education Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Camarada (Treasurer), Dativus, Alpha Chi (President), SIFE, Delta Mu Delta, Kappa Mu Epsilon, Varsity Golf, Tri-S (Greece, Italy, Costa Rica, NYC) Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 57 endorsements for Data Analysis 57 Data Analysis Endorsed by Dave Holtz and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 27 of Erin’s colleagues at Airbnb Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 23 endorsements for Statistics 23 Statistics Endorsed by Dave Holtz, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Erin’s colleagues at Airbnb Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 19 endorsements for Analytics 19 Analytics Endorsed by 7 of Erin’s colleagues at Airbnb Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Christopher Gutierrez Head of Analytics at Mesosphere, Inc. May 9, 2014, Christopher was senior to Erin but didn’t manage directly What sets Erin apart from a typical Data Scientist is her commitment to the product. Erin was a top host at Airbnb. This made her the go-to person on understanding host behavior. When I, or anyone else on the team, wanted to understand how to measure something related to hosts, we’d ask Erin. Even if our product wasn’t related to her work, she knew the product and the Data Science as well as anyone. When she supported the Customer Experience team, she answered tickets herself so she could understand the data. Erin is a great contributor above and beyond her Data Science role. Mario Walker Contractor March 31, 2012, Erin was a client of Mario’s Mario has done a lot of work for me: complete kitchen/bath renovation, new floor installation, electrical work, carpentry, and much more. He's reliable, very affordable (especially for the quality of work you will receive), and he can do ANYTHING you need done in your house. It's not even a question that I will hire Mario the next time I need something upgraded or repaired in my home. Accomplishments Erin has 23 courses 23 Expand courses section Courses Abstract Algebra Calculus Series (II and III) College Geometry Discrete Math Econometrics PhD Sequence (3 courses) Federal Income Tax History of Economic Thought Intermediate Microeconomics International Economics International Public Finance Erin has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Tableau Desktop 10 Qualified Associate Interests Tieks by Gavrieli 1,673 followers Pulse 1,535,216 followers Airbnb 359,262 followers Advanced Analytics and Data Science 9,703 members Airbnb 4,149 members Anderson University 16,699 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chandra has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Chandra Ganduri Sr. Data Scientist at Staples Staples Ohio University Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Data Science, Optimization, Machine Learning, eCommerce, Supply Chain Management Highlights Experience Sr. Data Scientist Company Name Staples Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Framingham, MA * Manage team of data scientists and analysts responsible for delivering data science products and analytics for multiple domains including Staples Advantage (B2B), staples.com and all North American mobile properties* Led development of advanced data science models for optimizing web experience including uplift model/incremental response models for targeting, product recommendation system, purchase path optimization, etc.* Worked closely with business units, product development & product management teams to streamline analytics and deliver projects with high ROI* Designed and implemented data science product integrated into Salesforce for inside sales function. Developed algorithms/models for customer targeting across multiple marketing channels (phone, email)* Designed and implemented decision tree/random forest based uplift models that led to significant improvements in incrementality of marketing campaigns* Created behavioral personalization models based on similarities in high-dimensional vector space of customer-product interactions. Model leveraged customer preferences for product/brand based on browse/purchase patterns and delivered 3x-7x better performance over prior approaches (Patent)* Developed models to drive customer adoption of key site features like omni-channel, mobile, shopping lists, auto re-order to drive lifetime value (LTV) Logistics Network Strategist Company Name Staples Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Framingham, MA * Primary job responsibility is the development and maintenance of network strategies for fulfillment, retail & delivery networks. Played pivotal role in the adoption of advanced modeling & optimization tools to support network strategy development* Developed mathematical network optimization models for modeling of delivery and retail supply chains. Helped in formulation of logistics strategies for achieving optimal next-day fulfillment network, omni-channel opportunities for integration of fulfillment and retail supply chains, evaluation of alternate network designs to facilitate rapid SKU expansion* Developed clustering approach based on landed cost savings for analyzing optimization results to prioritize customer markets for re-alignment initiatives* Built tools to evaluate SKU stocking policies and SKU wholesaler margin impact for proposed fulfillment network change scenarios Senior Industrial Engineer Company Name Staples Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos * Primary job responsibilities included development and maintenance of standard operating procedures, development of engineering standards, providing support for operations in for fulfillment center and delivery operations* Developed productivity tracking tools, staffing models for fulfillment center operations across network. Developed models for fleet optimization, route planning in delivery operations Industrial Engineer Company Name Ohio University Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos * Part of team responsible for design, development and maintenance of a hierarchical cost estimation tool in Java used by General Electric. * Developed and implemented a calibration module for revising cost estimates. * Achieved several enhancements in the cost estimation tool including development of new data structures, GUI components and algorithms for improving efficiency and reliability. Data Analyst Company Name Voinovich Center for Leadership and Public Affairs Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos * Developed an automatic report generation system capable of data and statistical analysis, data mining and modeling of operational scenarios.* Played lead role in conception, design and development of the project for an Ohio Public Agency.* Achieved timely delivery of system within budget and successful operational employment by end-user.* System was developed using R programming language, SPSS and Latex. See more positions Education Ohio University Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Ohio University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Integrated Engineering Grade Candidate Osmania University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Engineering; First Class Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 18 endorsements for Data Mining 18 Data Mining Endorsed by 8 of Chandra’s colleagues at Staples Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science Data Science No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 14 endorsements for Statistics 14 Statistics Endorsed by 5 of Chandra’s colleagues at Staples Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Joe Thielen IT Manager at Genacross Family & Youth Services (Formerly LHS - Family & Youth Services) February 7, 2010, Joe was a client of Chandra’s Chandra created an amazing reporting mechanism for the OACCA Outcomes Data Project. The program works consistently, maintenance free, and exceeded all the original design goals and objectives. I would highly recommend Chandra. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chandra has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents Inference-Based Behavioral Personalization and Targeting Large-Scale Customer-Product Relationship Mapping and Contract Scheduling Chandra has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CSCP Interests Machine Learning Connection 46,676 members Osmania University 200,994 followers Data Science Central 291,510 members Cloud Computing 463,105 members Big Data and Analytics 330,676 members LiveRamp, An Acxiom Company 29,081 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Mark Johnson Technology and Data Advisor NatureBox Princeton University Carmel Valley, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Technology leader and advisor.Specialties: Data Science and Technology management; E-Commerce; Travel ; Fitness & Connected Health ; Logistics & Supply-Chain; Fintech; Sports Analytics.PhD in Applied Mathematics from Princeton University specializing in creative methods of using technology to develop intuition about abstract mathematical constructs.Avid sports fan and athlete: Six-time Ironman Triathlon finisher (1997,2000,2013x2,2014x2) ; Student Manager of 1989 Big Ten Basketball Champion Indiana Hoosiers ; Baseball Analyst for 2004 National League Champion St. Louis Cardinals ; Consultant to the Commissioner of Major League Baseball (2003-2004). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Mark’s Activity 2,233 followers LinkedIn Bangalore's new floor has a conference room dedicated to Ryan Roslansky, who's always nailing it in life! Mark liked Advice for a reader: getting started in computer science Mark liked Management Team! Nubank Brasil Mark liked See all activity Experience Advisor Company Name NatureBox Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Technology and Data Advisor Company Name Nubank Brasil Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location São Paulo Area, Brazil Advisor Company Name Priced Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location São Paulo Area, Brazil Advisor Company Name GoFundMe Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Advisor Company Name Cogitativo, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Berkeley, CA See more positions Education Princeton University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Applied and Computational Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1998 Advisor: Ioannis G. Kevrekidis; Thesis title: Computer-Assisted Studies and Visualization of Nonlinear Phenomena: Two-dimensional Invariant Manifolds, Global Bifurcations, and Robustness of Global Attractors. Indiana University Degree Name BS & MA Field Of Study Computer Science & Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Student Manager, Indiana University Men's Basketball Team. Mentor: Coach Bob Knight Multiple Big-10 Championships, one final-4 appearance, Varsity Letter Winner. Wawasee High School, Syracuse, Indiana Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1988 See more education Volunteer Experience Dean's Advisory Council Company Name Indiana University School of Informatics and Computing Dates volunteered Mar 2017 – Present Volunteer duration 3 mos Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 101 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Amr Awadallah and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mark’s colleagues at GoFundMe Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 89 endorsements for Analytics 89 Analytics Endorsed by Eric Colson and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mark’s colleagues at GoFundMe Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 64 endorsements for Big Data 64 Big Data Endorsed by Peter Skomoroch and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mark’s colleagues at GoFundMe Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Brian Emmett Content Platform Engineering at Netflix (Hiring Server Side + ML Infrastructure Engineers) May 28, 2010, Mark managed Brian directly I'd recommend Brian anytime, anywhere for a software development or management role. Highly technical and thorough, mixed with highly personable and great communication make for an exceptional engineering leader. When Brian chose to accept the challenge to move from developer to manager, I knew immediately that I would be able to be a hands-off manager... he understood the business, the problems we were trying to solve, and his team. He delivered exceptional results ...... oh yeah, and he's the only person I've ever worked with who's won a trip to outer-space. Aroon Ramadoss Director of Engineering - Content Platform March 11, 2010, Mark managed Aroon directly Aroon exemplifies engineering leadership, striking the balance between deep technical knowledge and a strong understanding of the consumer's needs. While acting as one of the key members of our management team, he was able to adapt to constant changes thrown his way with ease... with an eye to efficient use of time and resources while making the business better. Accomplishments Mark has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Baseball Hacks (contributor) The Oseberg Transition: Visualization of Global Bifurcations for the Kuramoto-Sivashinsky Equation. Computer-assisted studies and visualization of nonlinear phenomena: two-dimensional invariant manifolds, global bifurcations, and robustness of global attractors Two-dimensional invariant manifolds and global bifurcations: some approximation and visualization studies Mark has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Luminary of the College of Arts and Sciences, Indiana University SIAM best video-poster presentation award Interests Amazon 2,206,417 followers WIRED 1,052,254 followers Vox Data Science 27 followers Good Eggs 4,307 followers eduK 6,753 followers 23andMe 16,743 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yuchen has a account Yuchen Fama Ph.D. Data Scientist Director, Analytics and Modeling at Munich Re - Hartford Steam Boiler Munich Re - Hartford Steam Boiler University of Connecticut Hartford, Connecticut Area 349 349 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Seasoned data scientist with hands-on experience of machine learning, big data (Hadoop, Spark/Scala Shell/RDD, Spark Streaming/Kafka, HDFS/NoSQL,...), experimental design, digital marketing/media mix optimization, insurance modeling, SAS/R/Python programming and analytic tool building/automation.I enjoy solving complex and challenging business problems by combining statistical/mathematical rigor with strong business acumen and delivering solutions through a scalable high performance computing environment.Specialties: - Hands-on Experience of Big Data(Hadoop, Spark/Scala, Spark Streaming/Kafka, HDFS/Hive/NoSQL)- Predictive Modeling/Machine Learning- Sampling/Experimental Design- Survival Analysis- Insurance Rate Making- Direct Mail/Digital Analytics- SAS/R/Python/Scala programming- Building Analytic Tools/Automation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Analytics and Modeling Company Name Munich Re - Hartford Steam Boiler Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Hartford, Connecticut Area -Responsible for HSB's core product (commercial equipment breakdown risk) pricing model and risk scoring model with over $400 million portfolio.-Instructor of various predictive modeling and machine learning training classes.-Currently working on Munich Re's state-of-the-art big data environment for scalable machine learning solutions for homeowner equipment breakdown risk modeling. Manager, Analytics & Modeling Company Name Travelers Dates Employed 2014 – 2014 Employment Duration less than a year Customer Segmentation/Uplift ModelingMedia Mix ModelingDigital Analytics POC (Display Ad CTR model) on Hadoop Associate Company Name Travelers Dates Employed Jan 2013 – 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Hartford, Connecticut Area Spearheaded Travelers's analytic capabilities of marketing media mix optimization to quantify media ROI/marginal ROI and use simulation and optimization to guide hundred million dollars of spend allocation decisions.Built channel preference model to identify underlying drivers of prospects' channel propensity of quoting through agency, online vs. call center using various dimension reduction techniques. Sr. Research Consultant Company Name Travelers Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Hartford, Connecticut Area Built direct mail response development model from scratch to production for targeting prospects and calibrating response projection based on the response development curve.Built web advertising targeting model using stochastic gradient boosting tree based on billions of impressions served. Research Consultant Company Name Travelers Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Hartford, Connecticut Area Designed various experiments from simple case-control randomized trial to complex sequential design on web quoting application to improve conversion rate. Co-designed the data warehousing solution for collecting experimental data from web navigation and transactional record. See more positions Education University of Connecticut Degree Name Doctorate Field Of Study statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 4 endorsements for Machine Learning 4 Machine Learning Kirk Paul Lafler and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills R See 10 endorsements for R 10 R Endorsed by 3 of Yuchen’s colleagues at Travelers Endorsed by 6 people who know R Click and drag to reorder skills SAS programming See 8 endorsements for SAS programming 8 SAS programming Ravindra Rapaka and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Mario Ng Informatics Manager at Cigna November 8, 2013, Yuchen reported directly to Mario I was fortunate to have Mario as my manager in the past few years and he is a true role model for me. He has top-notch analytical talent, superb communication skills and keen strategic perspective - a rare 3-in-in combination in the analytic world. He frequently comes up with innovative and actionable approaches to address most complex business problems. I have the opportunity to witness how much impact he had made on the business and the amazing business ROI lift from his analytic work. He is a tremendous analytic talent. Shreya Jain Assistant Manager at EXL February 15, 2013, Shreya worked with Yuchen in the same group I thoroughly enjoyed working with Shreya and I regret that I wasn’t able to work with her longer. I was impressed not only by her solid technical skills and great communication skills, but also the high degree of professionalism in every single detail . She grasps predictive modeling techniques quickly and can take ideas and build models independently, and keeps trying to improve the original ideas. There were various unforeseen obstacles through out the whole project that made us change the path several times, and Shreya is always enthusiastic about it and working hard to meet all the milestones given all the challenges - it was a pleasure working with Shreya Accomplishments Interests The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,576 members Travelers 171,125 followers SAS Data Mining and Analytics User Group 2,547 members American Statistical Association Professionals 7,640 members University of Connecticut 148,250 followers Munich Re (Group) 50,798 followers See all See all following
More Actions Toby has a account Toby Barrus Data Scientist Zions Bancorporation The Ohio State University Greater Salt Lake City Area 370 370 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Over ten years of analytics experience, delivering results in financial services, biotech and automotive industries.• Mentor to coworkers, managers and executives on data mining methodologies and statistical techniques.• Experienced user of Statistica, R, SAS, JMP, SPSS, Excel, VBA• Certified Black Belt with ten years’ experience leading Six Sigma and Lean projects.• MS in Physics from top 25 school and Graduate Certificate in Data Mining. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Toby’s Articles 374 followers Sleep Survey Drawing Winner Toby Barrus on LinkedIn Publish dateSeptember 12, 2016 See 2 more articles Sleep: an underappreciated commodity? Toby Barrus on LinkedIn Publish dateSeptember 7, 2016 Experience Data Scientist Company Name Zions Bancorporation Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Salt Lake City Area • Create Deep Customer Relationship indicator which segments customers by their likelihood to default on credit• New Boosted Tree Model to detect fraudulent wire transfers with high accuracy while balancing false alarm rate• Enhance multi-model product recommender service, creates $1.4M annual revenues through targeted cross-sell offers.• Develop highly-predictive customer attrition model to provide opportunities for intervention.• Improve accuracy of text mining model used to categorize 1B ACH transactions, accessed via dashboard by analysts.• Update SQL/ETL supporting bank-wide profitability (SVA) model, affecting several million in officer compensation.• Contribute complex queries underpinning retail line-of-business dashboard, supports performance monitoring.• Create a point of sale transaction area metric using R and Google Maps which aids in customer segmentation.• Conduct statistical analysis using R on performance of RE secured loan products for possible offering expansion.• Present project results to C-Suite and senior executives of retail, finance, product development, bankcard and others.• Mentor team on data mining methods (CRISP-DM, SPC), analytical tools (Dell Statistica, R), and Scrum techniques. Senior Quality Engineer Company Name Myriad Genetics Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Greater Salt Lake City Area • Created predictive QC system used by Process Engineering in investigations, estimated saving $500K over two years.• Developed document classification system for content relevance, saving $500K by PhD and software cost avoidance.• Consulted on the Protocol Integration strategy deployment that increased revenue growth YoY by 40% for Q2 2013.• Led project with DOE that reduced variation of optimal dosage test results by 40% for chemotherapy patients.• Collaborated with data warehouse team on data governance standards and provided data mining services on projects.• Provided guidance to healthcare providers on genetic testing implementation while maintaining high office efficiency.• Initiated creation and delivery of Six Sigma Green Belt and Lean training courses, 7 students went on to certification.• Created metrics, daily automated reporting system, validation plans and test summary reports for management. Media (2) This position has 2 media StatSoft Webinar: Reduce Research from Weeks to Hours: Text Mining PubMed with XML and STATISTICA StatSoft Webinar: Reduce Research from Weeks to Hours: Text Mining PubMed with XML and STATISTICA This media is a video DM Answers DM Answers This media is a link Quality Engineer Company Name Autoliv Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location Brigham City, UT • Mentored three Six Sigma teams producing improvements that result in overall savings of $2M over next three years.• Implemented automated Statistical Process Control (SPC) reporting system to monitor processes and predict failures.• Responsible for and delivered all Six Sigma training within manufacturing plant to over 1K employees.• Led monthly Action Plan Reviews where teams presented status to Plant Manager and staff.• Graduated from Autoliv Production System University, covers nine weeks of coursework and four Kaizen workshops. Lab Technician Company Name Autoliv Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Jun 2004 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Brigham City, UT Environmental Lab Technician: Set up environmental tests such as heat, humidity, vibration, fatigue, and salt; Tracked progress of testing in Microsoft Projects; Graphed test results in Microsoft Excel; Reported results to Design Engineers. Systems Manager Company Name Woodtronics Dates Employed Jun 2003 – Mar 2004 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Tremonton, UT Computer Programmer: Designed Visual Basic Program for seamless integration between existing manufacturing software; Programmed macros to generate wood doors and parts.Designer: Created CAD/CAM drawings with AutoCAD and SmartCAM for multiple wood, plastic, and non-ferrous metal projects.Machinist: Operated computer numerical control (CNC) router; Gained knowledge of tooling, feedrates, and spindle speeds for wood, plastic, and non-ferrous metals. See more positions Education The Ohio State University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Physics Graduate Studies Committee University of Louisville Degree Name Graduate Certificate Field Of Study Data Mining Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 4.0 GPA Utah State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Phi Kappa Phi, Golden Key National Honor Society Outstanding Graduating Senior in Physics, Utah State University, 1999Magna Cum Laude, Utah State University (3.89 GPA), 1999 Volunteer Experience 2nd bassoon Company Name New American Philharmonic Dates volunteered Oct 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 8 mos Cause Arts and Culture The New American Philharmonic is a community orchestra comprised of music educators, professional musicians, and amateurs. The group provides free concerts throughout the year. Fifteen hours of rehearsal are donated per individual per concert. http://www.newamericanphilharmonic.org/ Featured Skills & Endorsements Design of Experiments See 36 endorsements for Design of Experiments 36 Design of Experiments Carol Maginn and 35 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Six Sigma See 32 endorsements for Six Sigma 32 Six Sigma Carol Maginn and 31 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Process Improvement See 28 endorsements for Process Improvement 28 Process Improvement Matthew Harris and 27 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (4) Anthony Nielson Analytics/BI Professional near SLC February 4, 2016, Anthony managed Toby directly Think you can’t get deep data science skills, a Six Sigma guru and patient mentorship from one person? Think again. I hired Toby to grow the Analytics Teams’ data science expertise, and he has since then successfully completed several projects for the Bancorporation across a variety of subject areas. His methodical problem-solving approach and ability to collaborate with colleagues and executives make him a fantastic leader or contributor to any team. Jeanie Tirch Genetic Counselor October 21, 2013, Jeanie worked with Toby in different groups Toby's excitement about lean systems is obvious from the moment you start working with him. I had the pleasure of learning the lean systems approach to work and Toby was great about showing that the approach can be implemented in a variety of settings from a production line to an office space. In addition, he had great ideas about tracking metrics and re-evaluating traditional approaches to client support in order to help increase productivity and career satisfaction. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Jason Sturges, M.Ed. Workplace Learning & Development Professional Specializing in Operations, Logistics and Organizational Development December 24, 2015, Jason worked with Toby in the same group Jason was a great help to me at Myriad Genetics. He always had great advice on how to improve the Six Sigma training courses that I taught. I definitely looked to him as a thought leader when it came to training. Jeanie Tirch Genetic Counselor October 19, 2013, Toby worked with Jeanie in different groups Jeanie successfully completed the Lean Practitioner training at Myriad Genetics which I oversee. I was always impressed with Jeanie's drive to constantly look for ways to apply Lean in her day to day work. Also, it was always a pleasure to be on a product development team with her. I always trusted her as a teammate to get her part of the work done well. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Toby has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Computer Systems Evaluation Data Mining Data Mining with Time Series Intro to Databases Linear Statistical Models Machine Learning Methods of Classification Toby has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications R Programming Robust Design for Six Sigma Master Black Belt Certified Six Sigma Black Belt Certified Reliability Engineer Certified Quality Engineer Toby has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization The American Society for Quality Toby has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Clinical Significance of Large Rearrangements in BRCA1 and BRCA2 Interests University of Louisville Alumni 5,798 members Utah State University 82,965 followers ASQ - The Global Voice of Quality 122,673 members Master Black Belts 11,118 members Utah State University Alumni Network 8,710 members The Ohio State University 376,061 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stanislav has a account Stanislav Semenov The Quant Quantstellation Yandex School of Data Analysis Russian Federation 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Top-1 Data Scientist in the World. My profile on Kaggle:https://www.kaggle.com/stasg7/competitions Have extensive experience of solving practical problems of data analysis and machine learning, predictive modelling. Highlights Experience The Quant Company Name Quantstellation Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Moscow Providing the best solutions for HFT trading strategies using modern data science approaches on various financial markets. Data Scientist Consultant Company Name ... Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Moscow Consulting Russian companies on solving complex data analysis and machine learning problems. Communicate with customers, formulate problems. Teacher Company Name Yandex School of Data Analysis Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Moscow Teacher of Machine Learning class. Portfolio Analyst Company Name TCS Bank Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Moscow Portfolio management and product development department. Big Data Analysis, programming on SAS. Analysis of the quality of deposit portfolio, cost sources, core account transactions. Creating new business strategies. Software Developer, Researcher Company Name Air Graphics LTD Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Moscow Work on the project RenderBro - innovating GPU and CPU physically - based unbiased renderer. Programming on C++ and implementing new mathematical algorithms, research of Bounding Volume Hierarchy Trees. See more positions Education Yandex School of Data Analysis Degree Name Specialist Field Of Study Data Analysis Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 National Research University - Higher School of Economics Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Applied Mathematics and Informatics Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (State University) (MIPT) Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Applied Mathematics and Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Featured Skills & Endorsements Public Speaking See 38 endorsements for Public Speaking 38 Public Speaking Endorsed by 4 of Stanislav’s colleagues at Yandex Click and drag to reorder skills Deep Learning See 41 endorsements for Deep Learning 41 Deep Learning Endorsed by 4 of Stanislav’s colleagues at Yandex Click and drag to reorder skills Teaching See 32 endorsements for Teaching 32 Teaching Endorsed by 4 of Stanislav’s colleagues at Yandex Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Davut POLAT PhD(c) Data Scientist | Consultant | Machine Learning Enthusiast | Big Data Analytics September 4, 2015, Stanislav worked with Davut in the same group Stanislav is focused and dedicated to producing his very best at all times.If you ever need someone to deliver under pressure, no slip-ups, just results, Stanislav is your man! He is great in dealing with difficult situations and a fantastic problem solver. Vladimir Shumsky Head of Cloud Rendering June 2, 2013, Stanislav worked with Vladimir in the same group Brilliant R&D skills! Was a great pleasure to crack some mathematical puzzles and develop state of the art rendering technologies with such a bright person. Don't miss your chance to work with Stanislav! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Stanislav has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Mathematics for all (with Honors) The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Introduction to LaTeX Financial Markets and Institutions Stanislav has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Medical Informatics Molecular Modelling and Parallel Computing Programming on Ruby Selected Chapters of Graph Theory Stanislav has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Gold Medal at WorldQuant Alpha Challenge Gold medal at the International Olympiad “Tuymaada” in Physics Prizewinner of "WikiMart" Competition in Machine Learning Winner of Online Competition "SNA Hackathon" in Machine Learning Stanislav has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Английский Испанский Русский Stanislav has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Novel feature extraction, selection and fusion for effective malware family classification WISE 2014 Challenge: Multi-label Classification of Print Media Articles to Topics Interests Economy 15,707,407 followers Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (State University) (MIPT) 14,790 followers JPMorgan Chase & Co. 919,152 followers Morgan Stanley 580,633 followers Big Data 5,065,215 followers Yandex 51,256 followers See all See all following
More Actions Feng has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Feng Zhu Data Scientist @ Microsoft Azure Microsoft University of Notre Dame Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent SUMMARY:• Strong modeling and analytical skills, solid advanced mathematics and engineering background with GPA 3.95/4.00.• 10-year experience in electrical engineering, specialized in control systems theory and applications.• Extensive experience and knowledge of statistical/predictive models, numerical algorithms, and optimization methods.• Enthusiastic to learn new concepts and technology• US permanent residentCORE SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES:Statistics: Probability, Hypothesis Testing, Statistical Estimation (Method of Moments, Maximum Likelihood Estimation, Bayesian Estimation), Regression (General Linear, Ridge, LASSO, Nonlinear).Data Mining: Classification (Nearest-Neighborhood, Linear/Quadratic Discriminant Analysis, PCA, Naïve Bayesian, Neural Networks, Support Vector Machines), Model Assessment and Selection (Cross-Validation, Bootstrap).Time Series Analysis: AR, MA, ARIMA, SARIMA, ARCH, GARCH.Optimization: Linear/Quadratic/Mixed Integer/Nonlinear Programming, Convex Programming, Genetic Algorithm.Quantitative Finance: Binomial Model, Mean-Variance Analysis and CAPM, Black-Scholes, Quantitative Risk Management (Loss Distribution Approach, Multivariate Models, Aggregating Risks, Statistics of Extremes).Programming Languages: R (RevoR), Python (NumPy, SciPy, pandas, matplotlib), MATLAB, C/C++, Java, SAS.Big Data Techniques: Map-Reduce, Hadoop, HDFS, Hive, Spark, Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure.Data Visualization: ggplot, plotly, PowerBI, Shiny.Documenting and Reporting: Jyputer Notebook, R Markdown See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Feng’s Activity 3,913 followers The need for urgent collective action to keep people safe online: Lessons from last week’s cyberattack Feng liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist II Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area • Azure Cloud Customers Churn Analysis and Prediction– Led a team of business analysts, data engineers and growth hackers to identify customers at high risk of churning from Microsoft Cloud (Azure)– Performed customers profiling by combining billing status and features extracted from time series of usage data– Significantly improved model performance using Deep Learning (DNN+RNN) and explained model and its predictions using LIME (local interpretable model-agnostic explanations)– Scaled and productionized training and scoring pipelines using open source tools on Microsoft cloud services– Proposed business-focused metrics to measure model impact and optimized ROI for sales and marketing teams to take effective actions– Accepted by several internal and external conferences (Strata+Hadoop World, Predictive Analytics World) Media (3) This position has 3 media My Talk at Strata+Hadoop World 2017 My Talk at Strata+Hadoop World 2017 This media is a link My Talk at Predictive Analytics World 2017 My Talk at Predictive Analytics World 2017 This media is a link Predicting Azure Churn with Deep Learning and Explaining Predictions with LIME Predicting Azure Churn with Deep Learning and Explaining Predictions with LIME This media is a document Research Scientist Company Name Amazon Dates Employed May 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Seattle, Washington • Fraud Detection and Risk Management on PWA (Payment with Amazon) Worldwide– Collaborated with various business/engineering teams to provide fraud detection service for PWA– Built interactive dashboards to monitor and improve the performance of fraud detection and mitigation pipeline– Automated the fraud decision process and logics for quick actions and lower false positives– Incorporated new features through merchant level variables and merchant segmentation. Media (1) This position has 1 media The TRMS team The TRMS team This media is a video PhD Candidate Company Name University of Notre Dame Dates Employed May 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Research Assistant Company Name University of Notre Dame Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos Location South Bend, Indiana Area • Networked Control Systems Analysis and Synthesis Using Passivity Theory (2011-Present) – Studied the problem of preserving or rendering passivity property in modern control systems with networks. – Considered the passivity and optimality jointly to improve the system performance while guaranteeing the desired properties.• A Supervisory Control Approach to Concurrent Programming (2010-2011) – Aimed to help simplify concurrent programming by means of generating automatically the code that coordinates programs. – First attempt to apply Petri-nets based supervisory control approach in concurrent programs synthesis. – Prototyped the supervisory control algorithms using Matlab/Java and implemented the algorithms in C.• Computational Optimal Control of Hybrid and Switched Systems (2008-2010) – Concentrated on computational optimal control algorithms with reasonable complexity. – Provided a numerical method for the optimal control law based on traditional optimal control techniques and combinatorial optimization. Data Modeling and Optimization Summer Intern Company Name Air Products Dates Employed May 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Allentown, Pennsylvania Area • Experimental System Identification of Plant Processes – Proposed a series of hypothetical nonlinear regression models to predict oxygen levels by fuel adjustment.– Utilized system identification methodology for data collection, estimation and model validation. • Multi-Plant Modeling and Optimization – Built and validated energy cost regression models for multiple gas production plants.– Optimized total energy cost using genetic algorithm while considering various constraints in operations and customer demands. See more positions Education University of Notre Dame Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Tau Beta Pi Cyber-Physical systems, optimal control and discrete event systemsMy Google scholar profile:https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=40Q7C6oAAAAJ Media (1) This position has 1 media Dissertation Dissertation This media is a link University of Notre Dame Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Statistics, optimization and numerical methods University of Notre Dame Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 85 endorsements for Matlab 85 Matlab Endorsed by Qingbin Gao and 22 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Feng’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills R See 78 endorsements for R 78 R Endorsed by Wei Guo, Ph.D. and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Feng’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Mathematical Modeling See 68 endorsements for Mathematical Modeling 68 Mathematical Modeling Endorsed by Jeffrey Strickland, Ph.D., CMSP and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Feng’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Feng has 17 courses 17 Expand courses section Courses Applied Linear Models Categorical/Discrete Data Analysis Communication Networks Communication Systems Control Systems Cyber-Physical Systems Digital Signal Processing Linear Systems Nonlinear Control Systems Numerical Analysis I & II Feng has 10 publications 10 Expand publications section Publications On Passivity Analysis and Passivation of Event-Triggered Feedback Systems Using Passivity Indices Efficient Design of Petri Net Supervisors with Disjunctive Constraints Control of cyberphysical systems using passivity and dissipativity based methods Passivity and Stability of Switched Systems Under Quantization Stabilization of Large-scale Distributed Control Systems using I/O Event-driven Control and Passivity Optimal Control of Switched Hybrid Systems: A Brief Survey Optimal Control of Hybrid Switched Systems: A Brief Survey Passivity Analysis and Passivation of Feedback Systems Using Passivity Indices Passivity Analysis and Passivation of Interconnected Event-Triggered Feedback Systems Using Passivity Indices Robust output feedback stabilizing Model Predictive Control by using passivity and dissipativity Feng has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards First Place of OneML Hackathon Honorable Mention of Best Paper Award Outstanding Graduate Student Teacher Award Dean's Fellowship Graduation with Honors Feng has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Feng has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM) Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Feng has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent CHURN PREDICTION USING STATIC AND DYNAMIC FEATURES Interests Amazon.com - Transaction Risk Management 663 members Python Data Science and Machine Learning 32,415 members Financial Times 2,102,804 followers Google 4,871,497 followers Asian Pacific Alumni of Notre Dame 416 members University of Notre Dame Law School 19,372 followers See all See all following
More Actions Niyati has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Niyati Parameswaran Senior Data scientist @ IBM Watson IBM Watson The University of Texas at Austin Mountain View, California 271 271 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My interests lie in Machine Learning, Data Mining, Neural Interface Systems and Information Retrieval. A dream of being able to provide a machine with intelligence that is unique, that has the power to create, refine and reconstruct human ideas, that can augment our own distinctive intelligence and that ultimately hopes to answer Alan Turing's question of 'Can Machines think?' motivates my research.I am keen on working on projects that would analyse and evaluate the working of Recommender Systems, handle Big Data or involve Brain Computer Interface modelling. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name IBM Watson Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Data Scientist Company Name IBM Watson Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Graduate Research Assistant | Intelligent Data Exploration and Analysis Laboratory Company Name The University of Texas at Austin Dates Employed Jan 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Developed an unsupervised Biomedical Named Entity Recognition System that leveragesterminologies, shallow syntactic knowledge (noun phrase chunking), and corpus statistics(inverse document frequency and context vectors) to render cognitive insights specific to thepatient use case by studying existent dependencies amongst entities tagged by the NER. Built aQ&A system that converts a natural language query to a graph query in SPARQL by usingpredefined query patterns(focus, aspects) which represent these query families. Conceptualizeda knowledge graph that jointly reasons facts from the patient's use case and their associatedextraction confidence to identify non-obvious, co-referent entities and answer higher levelinsight questions through ontological constraints as opposed to a constrained heuristic search togain a better understanding of the rich dependencies present in the knowledge graph. Research Intern | Core Algorithms Company Name IBM Watson Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Built the NLP architecture for an adaptive, dynamic learning environment for children that uses the child’s speech and handwriting samples to gauge their language proficiency and tailor differentiated instruction custom to their language skill. Trained a multi-dimensional LSTM recurrent neural networks to maximize the probabilities of label sequences, given raw training sequences and interpret connected handwriting. Leveraged phonetic and speech similarity algorithms that compare the child’s enunciation to the ideal pronunciation using phonemes and spectograms to predict whether the child has been able to vocalize the word correctly. Won Best Intern Project at Watson Intern Expo, 2014 . Graduate Research Assistant | McCombs School of Business Company Name The University of Texas at Austin Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Analyzed anti-spam blocklist data and validated the hypothesized correlation between outbound spam and botnet infestation. Designed randomized control experiments to evaluate the potential for improved infosec through disclosure of security failures by companies. Conducted a stratified randomization by replicating Rerandomization to Improve Covariate Balance (2012) to help determine the effect that peer reputational incentives have on outbound spam. Developed a flexible time series pattern representation framework using orthogonal polynomial approximation to make predictions around the impact of time on recidivism in spamming. See more positions Education The University of Texas at Austin Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Courses: Natural Language Processing (CS 388)Graphical Models (CS 395T)Neural Networks (CS 394N)Information Retrieval ( CS 395T)Bayesian Statistical Models (SSC 384 7)Human Language Processing (PSY 387C)Cognitive Science (CS 395T)Formal Semantics and Verification (CS 388S) Birla Institute of Technology and Science Degree Name B.E (Hons.) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Courses: Artificial Intelligence (EA C461)Data Mining (CS C415)Data Structures and Algorithms (CS C341)Theory of Computation (CS C351)Programming Language & Compiler Construction (CS C362)Database Systems (CS C352)Operating Systems (CS C372)Computer Networks (BITS C481)Service Oriented Computing (BITS C466)Cloud Computing (SS G572)Advanced Computer Organization (CS C342)Digital Electronics and Computer Organization (CS C391) Featured Skills & Endorsements C++ See 11 endorsements for C++ 11 C++ Endorsed by Nitant Vaidya, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Niyati’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 9 endorsements for Data Mining 9 Data Mining Endorsed by 2 of Niyati’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 8 endorsements for Machine Learning 8 Machine Learning Endorsed by 2 of Niyati’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Niyati has 8 honors 8 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Best Intern Project | Watson Expo Google Anita Borg Scholarship Director's Gold Medal for Overall Outstanding Achievement Mantra Innovator of the Year Award BITSAA Travel Scholarship Gold Medal Silver Medal BITS Student Scholarship Niyati has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects Exploiting Relationship Strength In Social Networks For Image Recommendations Evaluating Semantic Compositionality of Phrases Predicting Buzz in Social Media Automated Image Annotations For An Enhanced Content-Based Image Retrieval Facial Recognition using Convolutional Deep Belief Neural Networks Niyati has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Tamil Niyati has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Localized Personal Awareness System | Bachelor Thesis Epileptic Seizure Prediction & Prevention System Cloud Based GPS Tracking System for Real Time Routing Interests Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,431 members Quora 22,199 followers Udacity Alumni (Not exclusive) Kaggle and Topcoder Group 66 members LinkedIn 2,127,870 followers IBM 3,427,595 followers Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani 90,921 followers See all See all following
More Actions Samantha has a account Samantha Tracht Booz Allen Hamilton Data Scientist Booz Allen Hamilton University of Tennessee-Knoxville Washington D.C. Metro Area 472 472 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Samantha is a data scientist with a strong mathematical background and excellent quantitative and qualitative skills. She is an excellent problem solver with an analytical mind and a propensity for efficiency and optimization. Highlights Experience Lead Data Scientist Company Name Booz Allen Hamilton Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Mclean, Virginia Head Coach 16-Silver Company Name NC Elite Volleyball Club Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Morrisville, NC •Develop practice/game plans•Communicate helpful game tactics with players•Work with my assistant coach to share common ideas and plans Software Engineer/Data Scientist, Watson Client Solutions Company Name IBM Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Research Triangle Park, NC •Develop software solutions for clients using Watson's Cognitive Computing capabilities•Implement machine learning techniques into existing solutions•Develop prognostic models for healthcare solutions NSF Graduate Research Fellowship Program Company Name University of Tennessee Dates Employed May 2011 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Knoxville, TN •Research focused on Applied Mathematics to optimize distribution of the oral rabies vaccine to reduce the spread of rabies in raccoons•Invited Lecture: “Economic Analysis of the Use of Facemasks During Pandemic (H1N1) 2009,” Battelle Lecture Series, Capital University Center for Computational Studies Program for Excellence & Equity in Research Fellow Company Name University of Tennessee Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Knoxville, TN •Focused efforts on obtaining skills in grant writing, popular science writing, mentoring, public speaking, and conference planning•Publication:Tracht SM, Favi PM. The Nanotechnology of Sundew and English Ivy, Live Science (2011) See more positions Education University of Tennessee-Knoxville Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2013 Activities and Societies: -National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship Program -Program for Excellence and Equity in Research Fellowship -Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics - UTK Chapter Secretary 2011-2013 -UTK Graduate Student Senate Math Department Representative 2012-2013 Capital University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Mathematics, Economics, Computational Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: -Honors Program -Center for Excellence in Learning & Teaching Math Tutor -Vice President of Capital University's Mathematical Association of America Chapter -S.A. Singer Memorial Award for Outstanding Proficiency in Mathematics -COMAP Interdisciplinary Competition in Modeling Meritorious Winner -Brockman Math Scholarship -Presidential Scholarship -Omicron Delta Epsilon (International Honorary Society for Economics) -Tau Pi Phi (Business Honorary Society) Volunteer Experience Math Club Company Name Bearden High School Dates volunteered Aug 2010 – May 2011 Volunteer duration 10 mos Cause Education I helped with the after school Math Club at Bearden High School in Knoxville, TN when I was a graduate student. IBM Techonology Camp for Girls Company Name Volunteer Dates volunteered Jul 2014 – Jul 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Lego Robotics and Alice Programming Workshop, Women and Math Mentoring Program held at IBM RTP Company Name Volunteer Dates volunteered Feb 2014 – Feb 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Mathematical Modeling See 23 endorsements for Mathematical Modeling 23 Mathematical Modeling Endorsed by Madeline Goh, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Samantha’s colleagues at University of Tennessee Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 15 endorsements for Data Analysis 15 Data Analysis Endorsed by Denise Gosnell, Ph.D., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Samantha’s colleagues at University of Tennessee Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Office 10 Microsoft Office Endorsed by 4 of Samantha’s colleagues at University of Tennessee Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (1) Denise Gosnell, Ph.D. Sr. Tech Evangelist at PokitDok January 8, 2015, Denise and Samantha were students together Samantha continually strives to execute her projects accurately, efficiently and to completion. Her work ethic and intrinsic motivation to succeed in cooperative team work settings is a valuable asset to any organization. I look forward to the day when we have the opportunity to work together in a professional setting. Tyler Massaro Postdoctoral Research Associate at Duke Clinical Research Institute December 8, 2014, Tyler and Samantha were students together I arrived in Knoxville one year after Samantha, and we spent 2 years together as graduate students at the University of Tennessee. She was and continues to be an invaluable resource for me. In particular, she shared with me many insights into the grant writing techniques that made her successful in obtaining an NSF GRFP. We also traveled to Africa together. While we were there, she was assigned to a group of our peers from U.S. and African graduate schools that worked on a project about transient sensitivity analysis in bio-ecology models. She demonstrated a keen ability to effectively communicate with people from various cultural and disciplinary backgrounds. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Denise Gosnell, Ph.D. Sr. Tech Evangelist at PokitDok January 9, 2015, Samantha worked with Denise in different groups Denise is one of the most hardworking and intelligent people I know. Her excitement for her work shows and leaves no doubt that she truly enjoys what she does. She strives to be the best she can be and is an outgoing and positive person to be around. I sincerely hope that our professional paths will cross one day. Accomplishments Samantha has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Partial Differential Equations I & II Empirical Models for Monitoring & Diagnostics Numerical Analysis I & II Optimal Control Theory Optimization Partial Differential Equations I & II Real Analysis Samantha has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Economic analysis of the use of facemasks during pandemic (H1N1) 2009 The Nanotechnology of Sundew and English Ivy Mathematical Modeling of the Effectiveness of Facemasks in Reducing the Spread of Novel Influenza A (H1N1) Samantha has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English German Interests Physical Sciences Inc. 727 followers NC Elite Volleyball Club 83 followers University of Tennessee, Knoxville 24,991 members University of Tennessee, Knoxville 151,070 followers NSF Graduate Research Fellowship 4,716 members Data4Decisions 980 members See all See all following
More Actions Rand has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Rand Hindi Entrepreneur & Data Scientist Snips University College London, U. of London Paris Area, France 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Dr Rand Hindi (@randhindi) is an entrepreneur and data scientist. He is the founder and CEO of Snips, the AI platform for Voice-enabled devices that is open-source and private by design.Rand started coding at the age of 10, founded a Social Network at 14 and a web agency at 15 before getting into Machine Learning at 18 and doing a PhD in Bioinformatics at 21. He has been elected as a TR35 by the MIT Technology Review, as a "30 under 30" by Forbes and is a member of the French Digital Council where he leads the "AI and Jobs" taskforce in the government's AI strategy.He holds a BSc in Computer Science and a PhD in Bioinformatics from University College London (UCL), as well as two graduate degrees from Singularity University in Silicon Valley and THNK in Amsterdam. -- See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Rand’s Articles & Activity 2,964 followers How Artificial Intelligence Will Make Technology Disappear Rand Hindi on LinkedIn See all articles If you are worried about losing your job to #AI, read my article: “How my research in AI put my dad out of a job” Rand shared this WeWork brings on Laurent Paris as new CTO Rand liked BIG NEWS! We are looking for our first VP of Sales at Snips! If you know someone who is passionate about AI and likes building sales teams from scratch, put us in touch or tag them here :) Rand Rand shared this See all activity Experience Founder & CEO Company Name Snips Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Paris Area, France Snips is the AI platform for Voice-enabled devices that is open-source and private by design. Member Company Name Conseil National du Numerique (French Digital Council) Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Paris The Council issues independent opinions and recommendations on any question relating to the impact of digital technologies on economy and society. The government can consult the Council on new legislation or draft regulations. Freelance Data Scientist Company Name Self Employed Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Specialties:- High throughput, low latency, scalable IT systems- Machine Learning systems- Algorithmic trading (research & implementation)- Data-driven products- Startups Founder Company Name Univators Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Univators is a media promoting impact organisations, which are innovative companies that are both financially profitable, and highly beneficial to society. Web developper & designer Company Name Hinran Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Jan 2006 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Created my own web development company, and worked on several projects for various clients such as travel agencies, fashion stores and financial analysts. I took care of the branding, the visual identity, the user experience, the development and all other media needs (video editing, photography, etc..) See more positions Education University College London, U. of London Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Bioinformatics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 My thesis focused on building statistical energy functions to be used in decoy selection for protein folding. I worked on large (600gb+) datasets and used advanced data mining methods to extract relevant information and build statistical models of atomic interactions. I started my PhD when I was 21, and worked as a consultant in algorithmic trading at the same time. THNK, the Amsterdam School of Creative Leadership Degree Name Graduate Degree Field Of Study Creative Leadership Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 The THNK Creative Leadership Program is a part-time executive program that lasts 18 months. The programs teaches students how to develop their creativity and find innovative solutions in their daily leadership. While there, I worked on questions related to data privacy and literacy, inventing a game that would help people understand better what personal data actually means. Singularity University Degree Name Graduate program Field Of Study Exponential Technologies Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 The program immerses students in an unparalleled learning environment to focus on solving the planet’s most pressing challenges using exponential & accelerating technologies. Students are challenged with 10⁹+ Team Projects, with the mission of positively affecting the lives of a billion people within 10 years. While there, I worked on decentralizing agriculture using 3D aeroponics-based urban farms. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Start-ups See 105 endorsements for Start-ups 99+ Start-ups Endorsed by Alexander Bruehl and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Rand’s colleagues at Snips Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 55 endorsements for Machine Learning 55 Machine Learning Endorsed by Igor Carron and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rand’s colleagues at Snips Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Science See 51 endorsements for Computer Science 51 Computer Science Endorsed by Carlos R. B. Azevedo and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Rand’s colleagues at Snips Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (7) Romain Lacombe Founder & CEO at Plume Labs October 23, 2014, Romain worked with Rand but at different companies Rand is one of the most forward thinkers in the field of data-driven innovation, in France and worldwide. The work he's done with Snips not only led to the creation of useful, impactful and incredibly innovative products and services — such as the Tranquilien predictive public transit app he built in tight collaboration with the French railway operator SNCF, which received one of the DataConnexions award I was organizing at the French Prime Minister's Open Data taskforce.Rand also inspired countless others to embrace public available open data sets and leverage the tools of data sciences to bring new ideas to life, all for the greater good. The recognition Rand has gotten, with prizes such at MIT's TR35 Award, are only a well-deserved token of his catalyzing role in the international data ecosystem. Vefik Emir Okan MBA Intern at LLR Partners June 30, 2013, Vefik Emir was a client of Rand’s We invited Rand to speak at a Big Data workshop we held for telcos with some of the largest mobile operators were represented at CSO or strategy director level. His performance was among the best in the workshop and not only he showed a great command of the subject, but he was also very personable, providing expertise and useful connections to our clients. I'm looking forward to working with him in the future. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Nathanael Ackerman Conseiller Innovation & Intelligence Artificielle, Cabinet de Christophe Sirugue, SE Industrie, Numérique et Innovation April 6, 2017, Rand worked with Nathanael but at different companies I worked with Nathanael on the France IA program, designing a national Artificial Intelligence strategy for France. Nathanael proved to be a great manager and leader, handling over 40 people to deliver a super tight and ambitious deadline. Great stuff! Edward Silhol Founder @ Stample: the right info at the right time January 24, 2016, Rand worked with Edward but at different companies Edward is both a visionary and talented entrepreneur. His perseverance and dedication to his mission is one of the highest as have seen. Since I've know him, I've seen him go from being a UX designer, to learning how to code so that he could build his prototype, hiring a great team, and shipping multiple versions of his product. I also worked with him on a couple smaller projects, which turned out great. Recommended! View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Rand has 14 honors 14 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Rising Star 30 under 30 Excellence Française 35 Under 35 (Global) Innovative Person of the Year French Innovator of the Year Concours Mondial d'Innovation Dataconnexion - Best Tourism Startup Global Shapers Fellow Rand has 13 languages 13 Expand languages section Languages C# C++ CSS3 English French HTML5 Java JavaScript Kotlin R Interests Pete CashmorePete Cashmore is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO, Mashable 1,274,100 followers Visualisation de données / Data Visualization 1,104 members Paris Machine Learning Group 1,762 members Charles-Edouard BouéeCharles-Edouard Bouée is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Roland Berger 31,983 followers THNK Connect - Alumni and Community 295 members Visual Analytics 17,520 members See all See all following
More Actions Toby has a account Toby Walker Data Scientist & Engineer Microsoft University of Waterloo Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Over 10 years of experience in software engineering focusing on research & development of systems for managing large scale information.Specialties: Software Engineering, Data Mining, pattern Recognition, Multimedia Analysis, Metadata, Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Personalization See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 2 mos Location Cambridge, MA Analysis & Experimentation Team Data Mining Engineer Company Name Amazon.com Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Apr 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Senior Engineer Company Name Sony Dates Employed 2001 – 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education University of Waterloo Degree Name B Math Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 38 endorsements for Data Mining 38 Data Mining Endorsed by Xin Fu and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 31 of Toby’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 36 endorsements for Machine Learning 36 Machine Learning Endorsed by Yue Zhou and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 23 of Toby’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Software Engineering See 21 endorsements for Software Engineering 21 Software Engineering Endorsed by Randal Henne and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Toby’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Toby has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Japanese Toby has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Online Controlled Experiments at Large Scale Trustworthy Online Controlled Experiments: Five Puzzling Outcomes Explained Toby has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Delivery of multimedia descriptions using access units Interests The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,576 members Bing Microsoft 824 members Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,431 members Microsoft 3,687,328 followers Mark JohnsonMark Johnson is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and co-founder at Descartes Labs 82,400 followers Amazon 2,206,439 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yan has a account Yan Zhang Manager, Data Analytics/Data Scientist at Prudential Financial Prudential Financial Penn State University Greater New York City Area 218 218 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced data scientist manager/ data analytics professional. Partner with cross-functional teams to use advanced analytics to solve business challenges. Uncover insights and make recommendations to business to drive growth and improve customer experience with big, rich data. Strong business acument, excellent communication and presentation skills, strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Experience with predictive modeling, machine learning, big data, data visualization. Technical skills: Python, R, SAS, SQL, Hadoop, Hive/Impala/Spark, Tableau, UNIX/LINUX, shell scripting. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Manager, Data Analytics/Data Scientist Company Name Prudential Financial Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Partner with various lines of business to solve high impact business questions using data science. Uncover growth opportunities and improve customer experience with big, rich data. Experienced with big data environment. In-depth modeling skills including both supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms. Develop new metrics, visualization and analyses. Build quantitative models to identify key drivers and insights. Sr. Business Analyst, Business Analtyics / Informatics and Analytics Company Name Quest Diagnostics Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Business Analytics, Data Mining, Forecasting, Logistic regression. SAS, R, Python, Unix/Linux, SQL, Cognos. Work with cross functional group to uncover strategic growth opportunities and develop strategic plans; use quantitative analysis and analytic modeling to analyze customer data metrics. Statistics Intern Company Name Quest Diagnostics Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 mos Research Assistant Company Name Pennsylvania State University Dates Employed Aug 2003 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Intern (Oncology) Company Name GlaxoSmithKline Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 3 mos Education Penn State University Degree Name Ph.D BioinformaticsPerl, R programming. Penn State University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Applied Statistics Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 14 endorsements for Data Mining 14 Data Mining Endorsed by Yuriy Glagovskiy, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Yan’s colleagues at Prudential Financial Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 13 endorsements for SAS 13 SAS Endorsed by Xiaoxue (Louise) Liu, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Yan’s colleagues at Prudential Financial Click and drag to reorder skills R See 12 endorsements for R 12 R Endorsed by Xiaoxue (Louise) Liu and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Yan’s colleagues at Prudential Financial Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Amazon 2,206,440 followers Penn State University 444,919 followers Pulse 1,535,219 followers Penn State University 457,818 followers SAS Professional Forum 43,695 members The Penn State Alumni Association 87,343 members See all See all following
More Actions Vivek has a account Vivek Gupta Senior Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft Carnegie Mellon University Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Have spent the last 20 years working on client/server and web development with database back ends. Have done some mobile mobile development (iOS and Windows). Now moving towards Information Visualization, Data Analytics and Machine Learning. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Vivek’s Articles & Activity 1,172 followers Find out about the Data Science Solutions team at Microsoft! Vivek Gupta on LinkedIn See all articles High Resolution Settlement Layer Vivek liked Check out "The Library of Corom". Its a short story and demo showing how I turned random stuff in my attic into my own personal online library using the cognitive AI capabilities of the Microsoft Cloud. Now my photos and handwritten letters from my time as a LDS Missionary 17 years ago are searchable from any computer. Jump to the 5 minute mark in the video below. Enjoy. https://lnkd.in/gJP7b9u Vivek liked How to run AI at petabyte scale on Azure data lake with Wee Hyong Tok, #MSBuild2017 Vivek liked See all activity Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Cambridge, MA Working on Visualizing and Analyzing data. In my role within Microsoft's Cloud and Enterprise division I get to use the Azure ML ( http://www.azure.com/ml ) platform to solve problems and help make the product even better. Deploying Machine Learning algorithms to solving real problems for customers. Media (1) This position has 1 media Machine Learning Machine Learning This media is a link Photographer Company Name Catchlight Photographers Dates Employed 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Trustee Company Name Oak Meadow School Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 11 mos Principal Engineer Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Burlington, MA As part of the acquisition of Nokia's Devices and Services business, I'm now a part of Microsoft. Analyzing and Visualizing data to provide insights for improving Microsoft's devices. Also, working with Application Data, Sensors and Images to help create new or improved algorithms for applications/services on devices. Tools and Technologies include: AWS, D3.js, Tableau, Java, C# and R. Principal Engineer Company Name Nokia Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Burlington, MA Analyzing and Visualizing data to provide insights for improving products and services at Nokia. Also, working with Application Data, Sensors and Images to help create new or improved algorithms for applications/services on devices. Tools and Technologies include: AWS, D3.js, Tableau, Java, C# and R. See more positions Education Carnegie Mellon University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Math/Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Activities and Societies: WRCT DJ, Mayur, Fencing Club University of Massachusetts at Lowell Degree Name Doctorate Field Of Study Computer Science - Information Visualization Dates attended or expected graduation 2019 Specializing in Information Visualization with other areas of study including: Graphics, Data Mining, Information Retrieval and Bioinformatics. Indiana University Bloomington Degree Name MS Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1994 Primary areas of focus were Computer Graphics and Databases. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Java See 85 endorsements for Java 85 Java Endorsed by Chad Darby and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Vivek’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Software Development See 50 endorsements for Software Development 50 Software Development Endorsed by Chad Darby and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Vivek’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Web Applications See 39 endorsements for Web Applications 39 Web Applications Endorsed by Travis Russi and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Vivek’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (3) Christian Rishel EVP Marketing & Strategy July 17, 2007, Vivek worked with Christian in the same group Vivek's a selfless guy who never tired of helping me out in our Objective-C/Cocoa class. I'm glad he sat next to me, or I'd still be debugging my first project. He's clearly the kind of guy you want in your lifeboat. Thanks, Vivek. Howie Goodell Bioinformatics Engineer at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute April 19, 2007, Vivek worked with Howie in the same group Vivek is the kind of manager or developer no software group has enough of. He is not just bright, energetic, and extremely competent, but one of the most consistently positive and helpful people I know. His software is practical, developed quickly, and well-crafted and tested. When he can't solve a problem immediately, he is full of good ideas and alternate approaches. People like him and are happy to work with him or take his suggestions. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Konstantin Zilberberg Software Architect at Everbridge September 29, 2014, Konstantin worked with Vivek in the same group Konstantin was a great colleague to work with on a variety of projects during our time together at Nokia/Microsoft. He acted as the scrum master for our team to keep things flowing and worked on a variety of full stack Java technologies. He worked on both local servers and Amazon based services, including Kinesis, Redshift and Elastic MapReduce. Often the work involved learning new technologies, installing them and configuring them, which Konstantin was able to do. Brian Lucier Manager at BHB Group LLC April 10, 2008, Vivek worked with Brian in different groups I worked with Brian when we were both at Granitar and found him to be an incredibly energetic and enthusiastic idea person. He tried to bring a comprehensive view to designs that covered the use of colors, different types of marketing collateral and web brand. I highly recommend working with Brian if you are looking for someone to help generate ideas or a new look. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Vivek has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents Universal Visualization Platform Automation of sorting photos based on meta-data Vivek has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Standard & Poor's Vivek has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Universal Visualization Platform Interests DJ PatilDJ Patil is a LinkedIn Influencer Former U.S. Chief Data Scientist; built & run product teams @ LinkedIn etc; done a bunch of security and some data too 458,663 followers "Big Data" Scientist 12,289 members Data Visualization Experts 1,800 members Data Visualization 12,328 members Text Mining 11,504 members The Official Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Group 28,622 members See all See all following
More Actions Anass has a account Anass Bensrhir - Senior Data Scientist Big Data Advisor | Certified Senior Data Scientist | Managing Director at Bold Data Bold Data Ecole centrale de Paris Morocco 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Anass Bensrhir is a data science executive with a passion for turning raw data into products, actionable insights, and meaningful stories.At Bold Data, Anass built & lead a team of data scientists focusing on providing big data and data science consulting services to worldwide companies and organizations.Prior to Bold Data, he was one of the early members of the Schlumberger’s Big Data team, where he led an international project responsible for real-time measurement of oil and gas production in more than 80 countries.Anass earned his Master of Science in Mathematics and Computer Science from Ecole Centrale Paris, and holds Developer and Administrator Certificates from Cloudera, Hortonworks and Mapr. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Anass’ Articles & Activity 2,558 followers 5 Reasons why your Data Science Project will Fail, and what you can Do about it. Anass Bensrhir - Senior Data Scientist on LinkedIn See 1 more article Ultra-fast OLAP Analytics with Apache Hive and Druid - Part 1 of 3 - Hortonworks Anass liked How to walk away from a dead horse Anass liked Slides from my talk yesterday at Pydata Casablanca entitled : "Deploying Machine Learning Models to Production" #pydata #scikit-learn #data-architecture Anass shared this See all activity Experience Managing Director Company Name Bold Data Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos BoldData is the Leading consulting firm in North Africa specialized in Big Data Analytics , Data Science and value added software development. Media (4) This position has 4 media Previous Next PLF 2016 : " Rendre les chiffres du ministère plus parlants ", dixit M. Benshir (Bold Data) - La Nouvelle Tribune PLF 2016 : " Rendre les chiffres du ministère plus parlants ", dixit M. Benshir (Bold Data) - La Nouvelle Tribune This media is a link Oxford Business Group - An attractive choice: Business process outsourcing and offshoring offer major potential Oxford Business Group - An attractive choice: Business process outsourcing and offshoring offer major potential This media is a link Big Data : le Maroc s'achemine à pas sûrs Big Data : le Maroc s'achemine à pas sûrs This media is a link Deploying Machine Learning Models to Production Deploying Machine Learning Models to Production This media is a document Energy Datathon's Judge Company Name Endesa Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Madrid Area, Spain The Endesa Datathon challenges the global community of developers experienced in Big Data to transform the future of energy in Spain.Every day close to three quintillion new pieces of data are generated worldwide. What happens to this volume of information? What purposes does it serve? How can we take advantage of this data?To this end, the Endesa Datathon includes the leading experts on the Internet of Things, Supercomputing and Big Data to guide the projects and develop the best solutions to change the future of energy in Spain.http://www.endesaenergychallenges.com/ Big Data Project Leader Company Name Schlumberger Dates Employed May 2011 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Paris Area, France Global RealTime Big Data Acquisition SystemSRPC - Paris-------------------------------------------------------------Providing Marketing and Technology Consulting services for a 700M$ Business Market to the Head-quarters of Schlumberger in Paris The main objectives were :Identifying Business needs for next 5 Years .Business Market Segmentation for a new product.Introducing new competitive technology.Negotiating contracts with suppliers.Designing a 2-years 4M$ project plan with timelines and budget Estimation.Presenting the project plan to the Board of directors. Wake-up Project Engineer Company Name Ecole Centrale Paris Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos For parents of large families, the beginning of each day can be difficult each child has to wake-up at a different time and they must adapt to wake them one by one. It would be much easier to program the clock for each child the day before or even a few days early and no longer have trouble with the awakening of his children. This project aims to provide a solution to solve this issue. This solution will include Alarm clocks programmed remotely from a Server where you can program and edit the schedule for each alarm clock. Hardware Software Design Engineer Company Name Thales Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Project :• Design and Implementation of a custom Digital Down Converter (DDC) function type for digital signal processing of 16 Channels on a new Generation Radar based on Stratix IV (Hardcopy) FPGA. Tasks :• A Reference model written in Matlab to validate the Architecture.• A Design of a new Finite Impulse Response (FIR) Architecture to solve the multichannel and memory Problem.• VHDL coding of the chain according to Thales Design Rules.• Functional and Timing analysis with Mentor Modelsim.• Formal Verification with Python scripts.• Drafting of architectural documents and specifications.• Integration of the Design on Stratix IV device (EP4SGX360k) through Tcl Scripts. See more positions Education Ecole centrale de Paris Degree Name MS Field Of Study Advanced Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Activities and Societies: - Thales Program Coordinator - CIET Membership Ecole nationale des sciences appliquées Degree Name Engineer Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Robotics Club Manager Volunteer Experience Mentor Company Name Ecole Centrale Casablanca Dates volunteered Jan 2017 – Present Volunteer duration 5 mos Cause Education Data Scientist Company Name Standby Task Force Dates volunteered Oct 2013 – Oct 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Disaster and Humanitarian Relief Pro bono Data science consulting services Member Company Name Data science Association Dates volunteered Jul 2014 – Jul 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology Featured Skills & Endorsements Project Management See 33 endorsements for Project Management 33 Project Management Endorsed by Sahar BEN SRHIR and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 28 endorsements for Python 28 Python Endorsed by Lillian Pierson, P.E. and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 25 endorsements for Big Data 25 Big Data Jocyl Mavouanga and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (6) Lillian Pierson, P.E. Data Science / Big Data Trainer & Coach 📐Engineer 👩🏼‍💻3x Author @ Wiley 👩🏼‍🏫3x Instructor @ LinkedIn Learning May 7, 2014, Lillian managed Anass directly Anass is a true gem. He is a powerhouse of information. He is resourceful and very fast! He helped me during the Typhoon Yolanda deployment, when I needed to supply immediate information about populations living in the Philippines to ShelterCluster officials (who were responding on the ground). They needed to know how many people were living in each barangay and that information was not available from the Philippine government. Within 6 hours, Anass had built a scraper that took all the population data for the Philippines, and broke it down to the barangay level. It was the only resource like this in the entire digital response community (as far as I know). Anass was willing to go above and beyond the call of duty, staying up late to get bugs ironed out, etc.. He is brilliant, kind, noble, and humble. If you get the chance to hire Anass as part of your team, don't let that pass you by. José RANDRIAMAMPIONONA, OSWP, OSCP Lead InfoSec Analyst at confidential September 30, 2014, José worked with Anass in different groups Anass is the kind of a guy you want to work with when it comes to a challenging problem. He always thinks wise. He is technically very sound, a quick learner and passionate of new technologies,a true hard worker, and this is his main strength infect; I never found him giving up, no matter how much complex problem he is facing and always come up with a wonderful solution at the end. Just one of a kind. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Lillian Pierson, P.E. Data Science / Big Data Trainer & Coach 📐Engineer 👩🏼‍💻3x Author @ Wiley 👩🏼‍🏫3x Instructor @ LinkedIn Learning May 17, 2014, Anass worked with Lillian but at different companies Lillian is not only an ambitious and very good professional but also an inspiring leader. I had the opportunity to work with her on an important and ambitious data science project , she provided some great input and ideas and worked hard to get the job done. Lillian is a detail oriented and great data scientist, has no problem to work hard when necessary. Intelligent, strong and self motivated perfectionist. Lots of work and little talk - that's Lillian's way! She Loves her Work !If you are presented with the opportunity to work with her , Grab it ! anas bennani Ingénieur d'Etat chez Université Abdelmalek Essaadi November 7, 2010, Anass and anas were students together Anas est avant tout , un chèr ami , J'ai travaillé avec lui sur plusieurs Projets lors de mon cursus Ingénieur . Le travail avec Anas s'est passé dans de très bonne conditions. Je le recommande pour sa qualité, son engagement et ses compétences en Télécoms et Réseaux. Les projets avec Anas sont très intéressants et sa qualité à les gérer et à respecter son engagement est professionnelle. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Anass has 9 publications 9 Expand publications section Publications Deploying Machine Learning Models to Production Data Scientist, métier le plus sexy du monde Growing interest of Moroccan companies for big data Comment les entreprises marocaines lorgnent le Big data PLF 2016 : « Rendre les chiffres du ministère plus parlants », dixit M. Benshir (Bold Data) http://www.h24.ma/maroc/politique/comment-les-partis-politiques-marocains-utilisent-facebook-rapport/35830 An attractive choice: Business process outsourcing and offshoring offer major potential BIG DATA​ : LE MAROC S’ACHEMINE À PAS SÛRS Big Data for geopolitical analysis Anass has 8 certifications 8 Expand certifications section Certifications CCA Spark and Hadoop Developer Apache Drill Essentials Apache Spark Essentials Build and Monitor Apache Spark Applications Create Data Pipelines Using Apache Spark Hortonworks Certified Apache Hadoop Administrator Apache Drill Architecture Apache Hive Essentials Anass has 6 courses 6 Expand courses section Courses Artificial Intelligence Cloudera Administrator Training for Apache Hadoop Data Science Entrepreneurship by Forsa mentorship Harvard Program on Negotiation Innovation Anass has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English French Italian Spanish Anass has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Smart Owl Morocco IT & Digital Directory Morocco's 2016 budget Draft Big Data for Geopolitical Analysis Anass has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Graduated with Honours top 5% Interests Tomasz TunguzTomasz Tunguz is a LinkedIn Influencer Venture Capitalist at Redpoint 278,610 followers Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,429,570 followers Google 4,871,504 followers Alma Economics 22 followers Morocco 430 members Mashable 812,130 followers See all See all following
More Actions Melissa has a account Melissa Dalis Data Scientist at Uber Uber Duke University San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Uber Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location San Francisco Marketplace Optimization Data Scientist Company Name Square Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location San Francisco Developed machine learning models and analytics tools to detect fraudulent payments, underwrite creditworthy merchants for Square Capital, automate manual operational workload, increase marketing efficiency, and improve forecast accuracy. Research Assistant, Computer Science Company Name Duke University Dates Employed Jun 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Durham, NC Published several papers around computational game theory and computer science education. Wrote thesis in applying game theory to casino security in order to efficiently detect cheaters. Data Scientist Intern Company Name Quora Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Mountain View, CA Built high-precision models to detect spammers and low quality questions, using natural language processing and other machine learning techniques. Software Engineer Intern Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed May 2012 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Redmond, WA Interned for two summers on the Microsoft Outlook team:- Built Facebook API integration for the Outlook Social Connector.- Wrote end-to-end automation for a feature in Outlook that detects incompatibilities between the Outlook client and the Exchange server. Education Duke University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Computer Science, Mathematics, Minor in Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: CS-Econ research group, Microsoft Intern Ambassador, Association for Computing Machinery (President), The Chronicle (Managing Editor for Online), Kappa Alpha Theta High Distinction in Computer Science, Alex Vasilos Memorial Award in Computer Science, Cum Laude, Microsoft Scholarship, Grace Hopper Scholarship, Microsoft Mentorship Prize Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 16 endorsements for Machine Learning 16 Machine Learning Endorsed by Milad AlemZadeh, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Melissa’s colleagues at Square Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 18 endorsements for Algorithms 18 Algorithms Endorsed by Dima Korolev, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Melissa’s colleagues at Duke University Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Science See 20 endorsements for Computer Science 20 Computer Science Endorsed by 2 of Melissa’s colleagues at Square Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Melissa has 9 publications 9 Expand publications section Publications 'A Day in the Life Of'​: Exploring Different Career Paths in Technology Dear Big Data, Why Isn't My Life Perfect Yet? Beat the Cheater: Computing Game-Theoretic Strategies for When to Kick a Gambler out of a Casino Beat the Cheater: Computing Game-Theoretic Strategies for When to Kick a Gambler out of a Casino A Strategy for Optimizing Casino Earnings by Kicking out Cheaters Applying Game Theory to Casino Security Integrating Computing into K-12 Mathematics Integrating Computing into Middle School Disciplines Through Projects Adventures in Alice Programming Interests Microsoft Alumni & Employees 18,792 members LinkedIn 2,127,873 followers Uber 601,299 followers Microsoft - Current and Former Employees 82,164 members Google 4,871,499 followers Kappa Alpha Theta - Beta Rho Chapter at Duke University 166 members See all See all following
More Actions Suhail has a account Suhail Shergill Head of R&D and Innovation Lead; Technical Advisor Scotiabank Clemson University Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent We live in a world where we have more data than we know what to do with. The challenge lies in building software that generates actionable insights; that is robust, scalable, extensible, maintainable; and that empowers the subject matter experts (SMEs) of the problem domain in question. I bootstrap, grow, and lead teams for the above; to understand the "how,"​ read on.Having lead a number of cross-functional initiatives with multiple stakeholders (business strategy, technology, and various product lines), I am no stranger to leading teams to design and implement generic solutions that address the various pain points (in the present and future). I bridge the gap between the high-level business view and the technical trenches.With a strong background and extensive expertise in bootstrapping, growing and leading a development team (distributed or otherwise), I have spearheaded innovation in building robust fault-tolerant platforms operating at Big Data scale, which provide actionable insights to various functional units within the business.To facilitate the above, I have employed various techniques for:1] establishing end-product requirements and specifications and building and executing a cross-functional roadmap that ensures early feedback and timely delivery to key stakeholders2] ensuring program correctness, including, but not limited to, encoding proof via types, auto-generating tests to verify invariants and laws, and verifying properties via model checkers and model finders. Academic experience in writing provably correct code (modulo extraction and compilation) via interactive theorem provers such as Coq3] managing code complexity: functional programming, extensible and reusable abstractions, embedding and interpreting domain-specific languagesWith a passion for R&D, I maintain strong ties in the industry and research communities; I am active in local meet-ups, open-source initiatives, and act as a technical advisor to startups. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Suhail’s Activity 1,083 followers Free eBook: Learn to Design and Build Better Data-Rich Applications Suhail liked Want to be part of an serious enterprise DevOps transformation? Scotiabank is looking for people who are quick learners, hands on, do then talk, who'll roll up their sleeves and just get things done. Suhail liked Detecting Abuse at Scale: Locality Sensitive Hashing at Uber Engineering Suhail liked Are You Thinking of Creating an Advisory Board? Suhail commented Chief Executive Officer Suhail liked Cash is king in homes market but leaves many unable to buy Suhail liked See all activity Experience Director, Data Science & Model Innovation Company Name Scotiabank Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Toronto, Canada Area Principal scientist responsible for effectively communicating objectives and findings to Executive management across functional lines and leading a team focused on:- innovating and improving the current model development lifecycle (including, but not limited to tooling, languages/platforms etc) leveraging continuous integration and continuous deployment concepts- exploring the applicability of various mathematical modelling techniques within the realm of statistics, machine learning, artificial intelligence to the domain of risk modelling- exploring and examining data from multiple disparate sources (both traditional and non-traditional) to discover enrichment opportunities- working with Fintech partnerships to leverage leading edge data and analytical capabilities Media (4) This position has 4 media Previous Next What is Differential Privacy and why should we care? What is Differential Privacy and why should we care? This media is a link Lessons learned from the proverbial battlefield - Hortonworks roadshow Lessons learned from the proverbial battlefield - Hortonworks roadshow This media is a document ProPL #15: Deep Probabilistic Programming ProPL #15: Deep Probabilistic Programming This media is a link Development Workflows for Data Scientists Development Workflows for Data Scientists This media is a document Advisory Board Member Company Name Privacy Shell Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Toronto, Canada Area Advisor and subject matter expert for Privacy Shell in the areas of programming language design and machine learning. Director of Innovation Company Name Mediative Dates Employed Nov 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Principal architect and scientist responsible for research and development activities aimed at building an actionable recommendation platform to aid human decision-making tasks. Currently, the primary use cases are of providing actionable insights and automation to:- Ensure data quality across multiple noisy datasets with millions of entries per day- Optimize campaigns run on auction networks- Enable senior executives to make informed strategic decisions impacting tens of millions of dollars in annual revenueTo deliver the above, I have been primarily responsible for:- Growing and managing a distributed team (10+ developers, architects and project managers spread across Canada from the West Coast to the east) focused on development spanning software engineering (full-stack), big data, system administration and assorted R&D activities in an agile workflow.- Architecting and helping implement the solution for scaling up and automating human decision-making focused on principles of extensibility, resiliency and scalability. Specifically for data quality, this involves architecting a platform that tracks and helps maintain the validity of numerous reports by being robust to assorted failures and incorporating various automated and semi-automated data recovery mechanisms. For the campaign optimization use case, it involves architecting a private exchange (and associated automation layer) that is able to optimize across different inventory channels (display, search, etc.), respect campaign constraints, optimize towards campaign KPIs, and share learnings from across campaigns.- Providing strategic technical insight into multiple business acquisition decisions (of the order of $50-100 million each) to help shape the future (5yr and beyond) roadmap.- Lending technical expertise in helping conduct vendor research for solution acceleration. - Various planning, cost forecasting and other activities relating to defining business case and mandate. Media (2) This position has 2 media Scaling human decision-making in online advertising Scaling human decision-making in online advertising This media is a link Fields Institute Video: Scaling human decision-making in online advertising Fields Institute Video: Scaling human decision-making in online advertising This media is a link Data Architect Company Name Mediative Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Montreal, Canada Area Hired as the resident data architect, I quickly became the principal scientist responsible for architecting a solution to scale up and automate human decision-making tasks pertaining to (advertisement) campaign optimization.Conducted interviews with key members of the organization to identify pain points. Devised the architecture (both from a data model as well as software architecture perspective) for a general-purpose (semi-automated) platform to aid human decision-making tasks. Working closely with the VP of platforms and technology, we prepared a project roadmap and communicated this vision to the various business stakeholders. The project won the approval of the CEO of Yellow Pages Group and became one of a handful of key "return to growth" initiatives within YP. Having convinced the business, I then proceeded to create job descriptions and interviewed candidates to fulfill this project's requirements and goals. In recognition of my efforts and demonstrated leadership, I was promoted to the role of Director of Innovation shortly thereafter. Data Scientist and Technical Product Owner Company Name Wajam Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Montreal, Canada Area Part of a small team with expertise in machine learning and natural language processing assembled to facilitate a scalable solution for social advertising and recommendation. In addition to development duties, I was also in charge of ensuring alignment between team members and business stakeholders and ensuring that the implementation fulfilled all agreed-upon requirements.- Helped build a Collective Knowledge Base integrating data from a multitude of sources.- Helped design and implement a system to carry out large-scale entity recognition (of the order of millions of entities).- Designed and implemented a scalable, non-parametric Bayesian model to rank social-network friends using an unbounded number of social signals.- Designed a near-real-time alerts scheme for a system serving thousands of requests per second.- Initiated transition from Apache Pig to Twitter's Scalding for Hadoop-based data analysis (using dimensional modeling and related techniques) within the company.- Periodically reported on other teams' progress and team members' contribution for Canada's Industrial Research Assistance Program (IRAP).- Presented in various technical meet-ups (Scala Montreal, Haskell Users' Group, Big Data Montreal, etc.) and gave talks to help foster a spirit of learning both within and outside the company.Worked with Hadoop, Pig and Scalding to crunch terabytes of data to facilitate the above duties and objectives. See more positions Education Clemson University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Computer Engineering Grade 3.91 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa, Eta Kappa Nu, Tau Beta Pi Major: Communication Networks, Computer ArchitectureMinor: Stochastic Analysis and Statistical Forecasting University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Computer Science Grade 3.96 Activities and Societies: Webmaster for Student's ACM (SACM) Organized the AI reading group, and participated in others (PL reading group, HCI reading group, Statistics and Machine Learning reading group, Non-Parametric Bayes reading group) Depth areas: Database Systems, Artificial Intelligence, Software EngineeringBreadth areas: Programming Languages and Compilers, Theory of Computing Volunteer Experience Vice-chair for Risk and Capital Analytics group Company Name United Way Toronto & York Region Dates volunteered Sep 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 9 mos One of the vice-chairs for the Risk and Capital Analytics group helping raise money for the 2016 Employee giving campaign. Also acted as the Secretary for the GRM campaign. Featured Skills & Endorsements Team Leadership See 11 endorsements for Team Leadership 11 Team Leadership Endorsed by 4 of Suhail’s colleagues at Mediative Click and drag to reorder skills Team Management See 3 endorsements for Team Management 3 Team Management Steve Tobin and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 6 endorsements for Management 6 Management Dina Duhon and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (3) Jean-Francois Rajotte Data Scientist at CRIM - Centre de recherche informatique de Montréal May 1, 2016, Jean-Francois reported directly to Suhail Suhail has created an efficient and collaborative team atmosphere where individual skills were use to reach a common business goal. The group was technically diverse and Suhail could speak everyone’s language. He could jump in our data science discussions, quickly catch up and point us things we have not considered or suggest improvements. His ability to rapidly change context allowed him to keep our group focused in the right direction. He facilitated knowledge sharing internally and with the business. I always felt confident that he represented us well on the business side.Suhail kept the team focused and engaged with a collegial atmosphere, always accepting (and maybe enjoying) having his ideas challenged. Seeing his dedication to the team was an inspiration, compelling me to match his high standards of quality. What I particularly enjoyed while working with him was his sense of optimizing our strengths and aspirations while aligning with business. Yawar Amin Scala Developer at Mediative April 28, 2016, Yawar reported directly to Suhail After working with Suhail for more than a year, I have come to appreciate how he brings together many qualities necessary to work successfully in every situation: a foundation of both broad and deep knowledge; willingness to work hard and smart; pragmatism, practicality, and an ability to change and experiment when merited; and respect and support for people in the workplace.Suhail is the real deal, and anyone who works with him will very quickly see that. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Moe L. Lead, Web Analytics & Optimization at National Bank of Canada March 8, 2017, Suhail managed Moe directly Moe joined my Innovation team as a BI analyst - always a team player, Moe quickly was off to the races running analyses and visualising results in systems ranging from Tableau to Google Big Query (systems that he picked up as the need arose, and with ease).Having hands on experience and knowledge of the advertising domain and a natural attention to detail also made Moe the top choice to evaluate third party solutions and conduct production pilots - a challenge that Moe tackled head on with passion.Always a hard worker, Moe's unique brand of humour is something that the team certainly missed when Moe chose to continue his pursuit of greater challenges. Jean-Francois Rajotte Data Scientist at CRIM - Centre de recherche informatique de Montréal July 13, 2016, Suhail managed Jean-Francois directly If I were to mention all the strengths, qualities and contributions that Jean-Francois brings to the team I would run out of the allocated limit here; so what follows is by no means an exhaustive list. Jean-Francois is one of the few extremely smart individuals I've met who have the skill to look at a problem in multiple ways. Coupled with that is the extremely important (and rare) ability to clearly express ones thoughts and communicate findings (a core competency of any data scientist worth his/her salt) to a very wide audience. And all of this is in addition to the mathematical and technical pedigree which enables him to pick up new ideas very rapidly.Working with Jean-Francois was a joy in every sense of the word. As his manager I had the pleasure not only of collaborating with him, but also in reaping the rewards that his playful sense of humour and "can do" attitude had on the team's productivity and morale. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Suhail has 14 courses 14 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Algorithms Advanced Artificial Intelligence Analysis of Software Artifacts Applied Linear Algebra Construction of Compilers Convex Geometry in High-Dimensional Data Analysis (Compressed Sensing) Data Models and Languages Distributed Systems Estimations of Functions from Data (audited) Machine Learning (audited) Suhail has 11 certifications 11 Expand certifications section Certifications Influencing People Inspiring and Motivating Individuals Managing Talent Leading Teams Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency Technologies Leading People and Teams Specialization (in progress) Asset Pricing, Part 1 Asset Pricing, Part 2 Game Theory Gamification Suhail has 5 organizations 5 Expand organizations section Organizations Toronto Differential Privacy Meetup Montreal Apache Spark Meetup Toronto Probabilistic Programming Meetup Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) IEEE Suhail has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects Personal Blog Semantic Delta Debugging eigenflow mesos-stack sparrow Suhail has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards President's List Summa cum laude Dean's List Suhail has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Punjabi Interests IEX, the Investors Exchange 4,736 followers Waterfront International Ltd 899 followers Anson Funds 716 followers Machine Learning and Data Science 60,872 members Hadoop Users 98,331 members Canadian Securities Transition Office 580 followers See all See all following
More Actions Carol has a account Carol Bogacz Data Scientist at Burns & McDonnell Burns & McDonnell Iowa State University Kansas City, Missouri Area 480 480 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Burns & McDonnell Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Visiting Professor - Senior Faculty Company Name DeVry University and Keller Graduate School of Management Dates Employed Apr 2003 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 2 mos Professor of Mathematics and Statistics Data Scientist Company Name Sprint Dates Employed May 2013 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Overland Park, KS Business Analyst II Company Name Farmers Insurance Dates Employed Nov 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos • Use statistical analysis and Business Intelligence tools to identify business problems, analyze possible causes, and recommend solutions to Claims leadership• Lead analysis of initiative to change customer satisfaction survey process from paper surveys to 100% email leading to an annual cost savings of over $400K• Lead analyst and project manager for global customer satisfaction survey process. Primary responsibilities include programming and analysis support, multiple vendor management, data validation and testing• Develop training materials and lead training for Business Analysts in statistical methods and applications• Identify trends and recommend changes to systems or processes that can improve results• Responsible for ad-hoc and recurring data extraction and analysis• Manager successor for Business Analytics Manager – Shared Line of Business Analyst/Senior Analyst/Senior Coordinator - Sales Operations Company Name YRC Worldwide Dates Employed Mar 2000 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 11 yrs 9 mos • Using statistical methods such as regression analysis, design of experiments and correlation analysis identified key metrics needed to drive effective business decisions• Used statistical analysis to identify business problems, analyze root causes, and recommend solutions to senior management• Analyzed utilization trends to determine effectiveness of sales initiatives • Lead activities associated with development, implementation and analysis of Executive Dashboard • Monthly and weekly business plan review with senior leadership• Provided reporting and analysis of actual results for the sales force vs. targets • Lead activities associated with the design of new sales information systems, development of forecasting and modeling tools and training of decision-makers and analysts in the use of these systems and tools.• Provided trend analysis, ROI and forecasting for the various sales segments and service offerings• Designed programs in SAS to extract data to track consumer revenue changes and market trends to support business development team and sales force• Managed incoming requests and resources to ensure requests were completed in a timely manner• Responsible for SAS data files used within Sales Operations and Marketing for analysis and reporting.• Developed and maintained a thorough understanding of internal and external information sources, including their data input, methodologies and applications to YRC needs.• Expert on data sources, integrity and related processes. Data sources include companies Customer databases and transaction databases across several different Operating Company platforms.• Provided training and understanding to other analysts on data structure, usage, and programming.• Collaborated with appropriate YRC departments and assist and coordinate the implementation of improvements to the database as needed. See more positions Education Iowa State University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1994 Truman State University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 51 endorsements for Analysis 51 Analysis Leslie Szutenbach and 50 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 48 endorsements for Data Analysis 48 Data Analysis Endorsed by Jennifer Lim, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Carol’s colleagues at DeVry University Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 18 endorsements for Business Analysis 18 Business Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Carol’s colleagues at DeVry University Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Iowa State University 160,707 followers Harvard Business Review 4,099,542 followers Applied Mathematics Global Research and Consulting Network (SM) 5,062 members Truman State University 30,473 followers YRC Freight 17,037 followers Burns & McDonnell 57,156 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christopher has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Christopher Gutierrez Head of Analytics at Mesosphere, Inc. Mesosphere, Inc. University of Colorado Boulder San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialize in leadership for analytic teams in fast moving companies. Skills demonstrated across multiple companies: Identify, hire, motivate, and develop top talent.  Provide coaching and mentoring for data scientists.  Influence people cross-functionally to achieve executive-level objectives.  Manage the development of RESTful and batch analytic platforms.  Establish and advance vision to achieve company objectives via data science. Rapidly implement/iterate high ROI solutions in low structured environments.  Turn multi-terabytes data sets into useful insights or ROI-generating systems.  Speak at Big Data/Data Science events to recruit talent and promote companies. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Head of Analytics Company Name Mesosphere, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Work with engineers and data scientists to build scalable analytic solutions. Founder Company Name Praxis Data Science Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Founded Praxis to give bright people the tools to become outstanding data scientists and provide them support throughout their careers.  Develop curriculum to give talented people a start in data science. Bring in top speakers and professionals for hands-on instruction. Deliver courses for recruiters regarding sourcing, screening, interviewing, and hiring data scientists. Chief Data Scientist Company Name 6sense Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area 6sense uses a private data network of billions of time-sensitive intent interactions to scores existing prospects and uncovers net-new prospects in the market to buy now. Managed a team of Data Scientists to improve analytic results for customers. Screened and interview candidates to grow 6sense's data science team. Conducted weekly one-on-ones. Provided feedback and mentoring. Led the development of a next generation analytic platform that would score customer's records. Partner Company Name Iterative LLC [ @ Iterative.is ] Dates Employed May 2013 – May 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Chief Data Scientist Company Name Payability Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Co-founded Payability.  Helped determine product goals and marketing.  Responsible for development and productization of all analytics.  Designed product databases and all reporting against it. Created PostgreSQL functions to allow complex queries to return quickly in API calls. See more positions Education University of Colorado Boulder Degree Name MS Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Worked full time while full time student. Metropolitan State University of Denver Degree Name BS Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Worked full time while full time student. Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 102 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by DJ Patil and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Christopher’s colleagues at Mesosphere, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 85 endorsements for Data Mining 85 Data Mining Endorsed by Anmol Bhasin and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christopher’s colleagues at Mesosphere, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 67 endorsements for Data Analysis 67 Data Analysis Endorsed by Scott Nicholson and 25 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christopher’s colleagues at Mesosphere, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (34) Given (41) Nicole Rogers, SCPM, PMP, CSM, MIM, MBA Senior Manager, IT HR, Regulatory Affairs, and Compliance Systems at Pacific Gas and Electric Company December 1, 2015, Nicole was a client of Christopher’s Chris provided my client valuable insights into how to establish a reporting and analytics center of excellence. Based upon Chris' recommendations, my client revamped his strategy and began to lay the foundation for his team's future state. I appreciate Chris' pragmatic, actionable advice. Xiaonan Lu Data Scientist at Spatially November 3, 2015, Christopher worked with Xiaonan in the same group Chris guided me through my journey of landing a data scientist career. He explained in and out of core data science platforms and tools, gave the most important rule of building a capstone project, and provided valuable feedback and suggestions for data science problems in a wide range of business scenarios. Chris is a tremendous mentor for aspiring data scientist. View 32 more recommendations View 32 more recommendations recommendations Scott Robertson Guy Who Works at 6sense October 2, 2016, Christopher was senior to Scott but didn’t manage directly Scott is a veteran programmer. He knows how things should be architected and works toward that. He also knows we work at a startup and can compromise when he must. A great person to have on the team Christopher Gallo Software Engineer at 6sense October 2, 2016, Christopher was senior to Christopher but didn’t manage directly I've seen few people be leaned on so heavily so early in their career. Chris works hard and learns quickly. He's also fun to work with. View 39 more recommendations View 39 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Christopher has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Data English Christopher has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Automated Risk Scoring System Dashboard System Christopher has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Method and system for generating and distributing electronic communications Interests Metropolitan State University of Denver 73,676 followers Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,432 members Marketing Analytics & Data Science 5,003 members 6sense 1,899 followers Big Data|Machine Learning|Predictive Analytics|Data Mining|Prescriptive Analytics|Data Science 10,910 members Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,357,258 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jingfen has a account Jingfen Zhang Research Scientist at Amazon Amazon Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Beijing, China Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent More than 13 years experience in algorithm design and system development for "big data" analysis; More than 15 years experience in C/C++/Matlab language coding; Highly motivated and a good team-player with industry experience.SpecialtiesComputer Science: combinatorial optimization, machine learning, data mining, information retrieval, pattern recognition, classification, and clustering.Programming Languages: C/C++, PHP, HTML, Perl, Matlab.Operating Systems: Linux (Unix), Windows.Contact: zhangjingf@gmail.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Research Scientist in Amazon Lending Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Amazon Lending offers business loans to Sellers operating on the Amazon platform. -Building the lending product on the Amazon ecosystem; -Focus on credit, analytics and strategy. Research Scientist Company Name University of Missouri, Columbia Dates Employed Dec 2006 – May 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Columbia, Missouri Area - Designed and implemented a novel framework, MUFOLD, for protein tertiary structure prediction. Solutions based on machine learning, graph theory, pattern recognition, and statistics. - Participated in worldwide protein structure prediction competition CASP (Critical Assessment of protein Structure Prediction) with MUFOLD and achieved No. 1 in Free Modeling (CASP8), No. 1 in human prediction and No. 1 in Quality Assessment (CASP9), and No. 1 in Template Based Modeling hard cases and No.3 in Refinement prediction (CASP10).- Developed a suite of Dscore-based methods (MUFOLD-CL) to cluster and visualize protein models in linear time and space complexity. Significantly reduced CPU time consumption to seconds for large-scale (~500k) data set compared to existing methods in quadratic complexity (CPU time in hours). Models based on data mining, classification, and clustering.- Integrated MUFOLD and MDFF (http://www.ks.uiuc.edu/Research/mdff/) to solve functional protein structures based on sequence and cryo-EM map. Collaborated with researchers from UIUC. - Created web services to offer search and retrieval for large-scale database of 3D protein structures. Graduate Research Assistant Company Name Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences Dates Employed Sep 2001 – Jun 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Beijing City, China - Designed and implemented algorithms for preprocessing tandem mass spectrometric data, including valid peaks selection from spectra and the m/z error evaluation & correction. Systems based on machine learning and pattern reorganization.- Analyzed topological structure of the protein-protein interaction network in budding yeast with spectral method. Models based on graph theory and local search. - Designed and developed software package for DNA fragment assembly. Solutions based on shortest-common-superstring and local search. Software Engineer Company Name JinPeng Group Co., Ltd Dates Employed Jul 1998 – Sep 2001 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Guangzhou, Guangdong, China - Designed and developed timing system for EIM-601 programmed exchange equipment and JPM-I mobile communications system equipment. Graduate Research Assistant Company Name Huazhong University of Science and Technology Dates Employed Sep 1995 – Jul 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Wuhan, Hubei, China - Designed and analyzed algorithms for solving unequal circle packing problems. Solutions based on combinatorial optimization.- Designed algorithms for CNF-SAT problems. Solutions based on local search. Education Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Beijing, China Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Dissertation: On Preprocessing of Tandem Mass Spectra for Protein Identification Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, China Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 Thesis: The Fast Approximation Scheme for Equal and Unequal Circle Packing Problems Central China Normal University, Wuhan, China Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 73 endorsements for Machine Learning 73 Machine Learning Endorsed by Rajkumar Bondugula, Ph.D. and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Jingfen’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 52 endorsements for Algorithms 52 Algorithms Endorsed by Jane You and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Jingfen’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 43 endorsements for Data Mining 43 Data Mining Endorsed by Rajkumar Bondugula, Ph.D. and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Jingfen’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jingfen has 35 publications 35 Expand publications section Publications xMDFF: Molecular Dynamics Flexible Fitting of Low-Resolution X-Ray Structures xMDFF: Molecular Dynamics Flexible Fitting of Low-Resolution X-Ray Structures Z. He, M. Alazmi, J. Zhang and D. Xu, Protein Structural Model Selection by Combining Consensus and Single Scoring Methods, PLoS ONE, 2013; 8(9): e74006. A New Hidden Markov Model for Protein Quality Assessment Using Compatibility between Protein Sequence and Structure C. Yu, Y. Lin, S. Sun, J. Cai, J. Zhang, Z. Zhang, R. Chen, and D. Bu, An iterative algorithm to quantify the factors influencing peptide fragmentation for ms/ms spectrum, J Bioinform Comput Biol., 2007; 5 (2),297-311. C.Yu, Y. Lin, S. Sun, J. Cai, J. Zhang, Z. Zhang, R. Chen, D. Bu, An iterative algorithm to quantify the factors influencing peptide fragmentation for ms/ms spectrum, Computational systems bioinformatics, Stanford, USA, 2006:353-60. D. Bu, Y. Zhao, L. Cai, H. Xue, X. Zhu, H. Lu, J. Zhang, S. Sun, L. Ling, N. Zhang, G. Li and R. Chen, Topological structure analysis of the protein-protein interaction network in budding yeast, Nucleic Acids Research, 2003; 31(9), 2443-2450. H. Lu, X. Zhu, H. Li, G. Skogerbo, J. Zhang, Y. Zhang, L. Cai, Y. Zhao, S. Sun, J. Xu, D. Bu, and R. Chen. The interactome as a tree-an attempt to visualize the protein–protein interaction network in yeast, Nucleic Acids Res. 2004; 32(16), 4804-4811. H. Lu, Y. Zhao, J. Zhang, Y. Wang, W. Li, X. Zhu, S. Sun, J. Xu, L. Ling, L. Cai, D. Bu, and R. Chen, Date of origin of the SARS coronavirus strains, BMC Infectious Diseases, 2004;4:3. J. Wang, L. Chen, Y. Wang, J. Zhang, Y. Liang, and D. Xu, A Computational Systems Biology Study for Understanding Salt Tolerance Mechanism in Rice, PLoS ONE, 2013; 8(6): e64929. Jingfen has 4 patents 4 Expand patents section Patents Method to Identify Noise Baseline in Mass Spectra Method to Predict Molecular Formulas of Fragment Ions with Isotope Patterns in Tandem Mass Spectra Method to Predict the Measurement Errors in Mass Spectra Method to Select Real Peaks in Mass Spectra Based on Isotope Patterns Jingfen has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects MUFOLD web-server MUFOLD_CL pdbLight Jingfen has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests Pulse 1,535,219 followers Amazon Sellers, FBA and Amazon Payments 8,441 members Nordstrom 234,844 followers 华中科技大学 57,360 followers Author-it Software Corporation 1,944 followers Huazhong University of Science and Technology 60,203 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jonathan has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Jonathan Goldman Dir of Data Science at Intuit Khan Academy Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I work in the field of data science and analytics where I use data to provide actionable insights for businesses and build novel products by using data in clever ways. Most recently Intuit acquired the firm I co-founded and I have been leading a team of analysts and data scientists that works with all of Intuit's business units (Mint, TurboTax, Quickbooks, ProTax).Specialties: Machine learning, quantitative analysis, predictive models, graph analysis, data mining, SQL, python, distributed systems See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Advisor Company Name Khan Academy Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Recently stepped down from Board and currently advising team with a focus on analytics Director of Data Science and Analytics Company Name Intuit Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Mountain View, California Our team, data services, sits at the center of all the data and related services for Intuit. We are combining engineering, data science and product to build and enable the next-generation of products for Intuit. Founding Board Member Company Name Khan Academy Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 8 yrs 8 mos Our mission is provide a free education to anyone anywhere in the world. We have focused on building quality educational content and software for K-12 and college level material. Our content is also distributed on the YouTube platform at www.youtube.com/khanacademy. For a recent TED talk outlining the vision check out http://bit.ly/hDa26d. Founder Company Name Level Up Analytics Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Mountain View, California Analytics and Big Data premier consulting firm. Level Up Analytics was acquired by Intuit in October, 2013. Media (1) This position has 1 media Level Up Analytics Level Up Analytics This media is a link Director of Analytics and Applications Company Name Aster Data Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Leading an effort to develop analytical applications that use theAster Data infrastructure to enable companies to gain insights and build products using their data. Aster Data is a proven leader in high-performance analytic database systems for data warehousing allowing businesses to do more faster. See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Squash Team PhD Thesis: Developed silicon based quantum computer proposal using silicon(29) nuclear isotope. Performed high resolution spectroscopy of semiconductor quantum dots and used spin-polarized electrons to achieve non-thermal nuclear polarization within the quantum dot. Other Experiences: Won the Stanford University social entrepreneurship competition. Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name B. S. Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Activities and Societies: Squash Team, Tennis Team Bicycled across North America as part of a project for the MIT Media Lab (http://www.media.mit.edu/c2c/) Sidwell Friends School Degree Name HS Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1994 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 119 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by DJ Patil and 35 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Khan Academy Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 90 endorsements for Big Data 90 Big Data Endorsed by Peter Skomoroch and 22 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Intuit Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 85 endorsements for Data Mining 85 Data Mining Endorsed by DJ Patil and 17 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Intuit Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (9) Given (12) Qi Su Solutions Advisor at SAP April 21, 2012, Qi worked with Jonathan in different groups I have worked closely with Jonathan for 2 years at Aster. I think he is the smartest analytics guy I have met in my career spanning established as well as startup tech companies and working with tens of analytics customers. He has a deep technical understanding of algorithms combined with the the rare ability to relate business problems to algorithmic solutions and communicate at both the business and vision level (e.g. with CxO's and executives) as well as technical level (e.g. with architects and data scientists). He wore many hats very capably at Aster: evangelizing the technology; providing the vision and leadership to his engineering team to execute on building core advanced analytics functionality in an industry-leading MPP analytics platform; working directly with customers in both presales and services engagements. Carlin Eng Data Engineer at Strava, Inc. April 10, 2012, Carlin reported directly to Jonathan Jonathan's combination of product vision and technical expertise made him an excellent leader for the analytics team at Aster. Under his guidance, our team was constantly on the forefront of both product development and customer engagements. It was a pleasure to work with him, and if given the chance, I would gladly do so again. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Ryanne Saddler Teacher and Friend September 3, 2011, Ryanne worked with Jonathan in the same group Ryanne was instrumental in helping launch the Khan Academy. She saw the vision of what Sal Khan was trying to achieve and introduced Sal to individuals who then made some of the key initial contributions to launch the Khan Academy. She has been a tireless supporter of the Khan Academy's mission for the last 5 years and has played a critical role being the only board member to have teaching experience. She is passionate about education and brings wonderful energy and ideas to help further the Khan Academy's mission. Monica Rogati Data Science Advisor June 8, 2011, Jonathan managed Monica directly Within the first week that Monica joined my team she made sense of the data LinkedIn amassed and uncovered interesting trends in terms of how careers had changed over the previous 20 years--this turned into a PR story we marketed. She is quick to make sense of data, take on vaguely defined projects and focus on what will have a major impact on the business. She is motivated and technically brilliant and combines those strengths with good business acumen to ensure the insights she finds and build novel analytically driven products. She made key contributions to LinkedIn's talent match and drove the implementation of Groups You Might Like--both of which are major data driven product successes. I look forward to working with her again! View 10 more recommendations View 10 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Jonathan has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent METHOD FOR SYSTEMATIC MASS NORMALIZATION OF TITLES Interests Khan Academy 41,583 followers Teradata Aster 6,156 followers Real Time Analytics 1,870 members Hadoop Users 98,331 members Geoffrey GarrettGeoffrey Garrett is a LinkedIn Influencer Dean at The Wharton School 288,877 followers DJ PatilDJ Patil is a LinkedIn Influencer Former U.S. Chief Data Scientist; built & run product teams @ LinkedIn etc; done a bunch of security and some data too 458,667 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bernease has a account Bernease Herman Fascinated with intersection of AI, computer science, and economics. Especially in research-focused roles/labs. University of Washington eScience Institute University of Michigan Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My interests are the discovery and application of machine intelligence techniques in new areas, as well as the commercialization of advanced research. One cool area is the process of taking academic research projects, and discovering the "final stretch" innovations, tricks and hacks that make them viable in the real world.While somewhat unrelated, my other professional interest is strategic decision-making in career and business development using machine learning techniques. The first step, of course, being the collection of data.Outside of work, I spend my time Olympic weightlifting, rowing, as well as hunting down simplified explanations and analogies for technical concepts. Enjoy tinkering with my Arduino and Raspberry Pi with robotics and home automation projects, as well. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name University of Washington eScience Institute Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Seattle Area Data scientist at the University of Washington eScience Institute, where I collaborate with academic researchers, non-profits, and startups on their statistical and computing-related challenges. There's great breadth in subject area -- I've recently worked on Seattle public transportation data, SONAR data in the ocean, wildfire models, and economic minimum wage increase data.Additionally, I often teach workshops and training on Python, statistics and machine learning topics, and more. Software Development Engineer Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Collaborating with operations research scientists and statisticians to add economic constraints and buying models to the Inventory Planning and Control system at Amazon. Because Amazon teams own problems top-to-bottom, my responsibilities as a Software Development Engineer include designing features, often in conjunction with our research scientists; writing code in Java and Scala; testing using unit and integration testing; and providing maintenance and operations for our code base. ITS Computing Consultant Company Name University of Michigan Dates Employed May 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater Detroit Area Troubleshoot with software and hardware issues, maintain computing lab, and provide service to students and faculty for 25-40 hours/week while taking full load of classes Summer Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Contributed to publishing operations and analyzed academic research for statistical analysis of historical data for Fixed Income Economics Research deskProgrammed for Excel and Outlook in VBA, gained knowledge of derivatives, interest rates and currency markets on Global Macro Structured Products trading desk Summer Junior Research Associate Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Studied multivariate regression models and sampling techniques, accessed and modified database with some programming in SAS for US Equity Strategy / Quantitative Research team Education University of Michigan Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Mathematics, Statistics Grade Class of 2013 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Division I Varsity Track and Field, Black Business Undergraduate Society, LEAD Scholar, Mentorship Program, etc. Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 34 endorsements for Statistics 34 Statistics Noah Cohen and 33 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 22 endorsements for Research 22 Research Noah Cohen and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 20 endorsements for Data Analysis 20 Data Analysis Noah Cohen and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Amazon 2,206,455 followers Michigan Business Women 1,558 members Alumni Association of the University of Michigan--OFFICIAL GROUP 46,492 members Foursquare 25,291 followers Amazing Amazonians - Network of / for Current & Former Employees of Amazon.com & its subsidiaries 10,777 members The Career Center at the University of Michigan 1,037 followers See all See all following
More Actions Shankar has a account Shankar Iyer Core Data Science @ Facebook Facebook California Institute of Technology San Francisco Bay Area 243 243 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Facebook Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Menlo Park, California I will be a researcher on the Core Data Science team. Staff Data Scientist Company Name Quora Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Mountain View, California Over nearly four years as a Quora data scientist, I worked with a variety of product teams, conducting analyses that influenced major product decisions. I also helped set up important parts of our data pipelines and mentored many data scientists. During my last year at the company, I was data-science lead for one of our product teams and also led data-science research efforts across the company. Graduate Student Company Name California Institute of Technology Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Pasadena, California I was a graduate student in the Condensed Matter Theory group. My advisor was Professor Gil Refael, and I conducted theoretical and numerical research on phase transitions in strongly disordered systems. I also served as a teaching assistant for courses in quantum mechanics, statistical mechanics, and computational methods. Education California Institute of Technology Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Condensed Matter and Materials Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Universiteit Leiden Degree Name Fulbright Fellow Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 I spent one year in Leiden, working in the research group of Professor Jan Zaanen and attending Masters courses in physics. Princeton University Degree Name A.B. Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 In addition to my degree in physics, I completed a Certificate in Applications of Computing. Featured Skills & Endorsements Scientific Computing See 7 endorsements for Scientific Computing 7 Scientific Computing Felipe Antunes and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Programming See 6 endorsements for Programming 6 Programming Felipe Antunes and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 5 endorsements for Data Analysis 5 Data Analysis Felipe Antunes and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Quora 22,200 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers Leiden University 170,121 followers Princeton University 107,906 followers Computational Physics 25,470 members HP 2,446,995 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lijuan has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Lijuan Liu Director of Data Applications at Alibaba Group Alibaba Group Katholieke Universiteit Leuven Hangzhou City, Zhejiang, China 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent * Seasoned engineering leader with a successful track record building both offline and real time Big Data platforms and Big Data applications using Hadoop, Spark, HBase, Riak, MongoDB, Dynamo, Kinesis, RedShift, Amazon EMR* Extensive experience in building practical large scale data science applications such as online fraud detection, web content classification, cross device user tracking, auction optimization, forecasting, crawling, content based image retrieval (CBIR) system* Work experience in a Fortune 500 corporation as well as start-ups* Broad experience in online advertising including search advertising, local search advertising, RTB display advertising and video advertising * Strong communication skills and ability to work with cross-functional teamsSpecialties: * Engineering management, distributed computing, system architecture, Hadoop data architect, Spark data architect, big data analytics, large scale data processing pipelines on Hadoop, Pig, Pig performance tuning, Hive, Spark SQL, Hadoop Map Reduce, HBase, Riak, MongoDB, Kinesis, RedShift, heuristic data mining, online fraud detection, search advertising, local search advertising, RTB display advertising, online advertising quality metrics See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Data Applications Company Name Alibaba Group Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Hangzhou，China Responsible for Alibaba B2B Data Engineering including engineering data science, data platform, and reporting infrastructure. Sr Director, Data Management and Data Science Company Name ZEFR Dates Employed 2014 – 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Venice, CA Responsible for data science, data platform and reporting infrastructure.* Inventory Forecasting - Forecasting video inventory on Hadoop* Data Platform - video data processing pipeline on Spark* Common Data Ingestion - data ingestion system using GobblinTechnology stack: Spark, Hadoop, AWS Kinesis, rule engine on Spark using Drools Director, Engineering Data Science Company Name OpenX Dates Employed 2012 – 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Pasadena, CA Built and managed Data Science Group consisting of computer scientists, mathematicians, statisticians and software engineers to solve complex engineering data science problems. Architected, designed and released multiple data systems for the following applications. The applications process billions of events daily both offline and at real time* Online fraud detection - offline and real time systems using Hadoop, Mahout and Riak to detect invalid impressions, publisher site traffic quality, impression laundering, viewability measurement. The systems have proven to be very successful based on multiple metrics. OpenX's traffic quality became the best in the industry* Auction Mechanics - to apply user data to auction optimization* Content Categorization - to categorize web site using crawling and natural language processing technologies* User Interest Classification - to classify user interest based on users’ browsing history and the categories of websites users visit* Audience Data Platform - to integrate with 3rd party data management platform (DMP) and user interest using Hadoop for data ingestion offline and user profile data store HBase for real time access* Ad Quality - a complex system using crawling, content-based image retrieval (CBIR), audio detection, message queue and other advanced technologies. With this product, OpenX attracted a lot more premium publishers who care more about creative quality* User Post Cookie and Cross Device Tracking Project - lead the research and experiment on post cookie user tracking initiative and cross device user tracking Technology stack: Hadoop, Java, Hive, HBase, Riak, CBIR, OCR, Mahout, Web Crawling, Creative Matching, Content Based Image Retrieval (CBIR), Machine Learning and Data Mining Algorithms, Statistical Algorithms, natural language processing Sr Director of Engineering, Core Data Company Name IAC Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location West Hollywood, CA Managed an advanced technology group in building the next generation local places data platform using cloud computing technology Hadoop, MongoDB, Java, Pig, Hive, Bash, Perl and Solr. The places platform is Citygrid's core data platform that ingests local business data from various data providers and also distributes the local places data through multiple channels. The distribution channels include various local external search publishers, search index using Solr, MongoDB consumed by serving and API. Successfully released the local places data platform with tight development and QA resources. Technology stack: Hadoop, Java, Perl, Pig, Hive, Bash, Awk, Oracle, Solr, MongoDB, Local Places Matching Sr Software Engineer and Data Architect, Traffic Protection Company Name Yahoo Inc. Dates Employed 2005 – 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Burbank, CA Senior Software Engineer, data architect and Yahoo's in-house expert on online fraud detection. Traffic Protection team built online fraud detection solutions which was a core component of Yahoo's advertising platform. The click fraud detection system processed millions of click events per hour and a few billion dollars per year. I focused on designing, architecting, developing innovative and practical algorithms to fight online click fraud. I've designed the majority of TP's complex behavioral filtering algorithms using data mining, statistical, database and cloud computing technologies. The rule based filtering algorithms I designed detected over hundred millions dollars of click fraud per year. During an infamous and large scale industry wide fraud attack (which happened few years ago), my algorithms detected nearly all of the fraud. With the high detection rate, Yahoo didn't have to take down ads in certain field to avoid the attack, like some other large search companies had to do.Technology stack: Hadoop, Pig, C++, Perl, Oracle, SQL, Bash, Awk Education Katholieke Universiteit Leuven Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Industrial Management, Information and Communication Technologies Thesis title: Quality Assurance in Component-Based Software Development and Web Services Utah State University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Computer Science Thesis title: Image Compression Using Wavelet Transform and Vector Quantization Zhejiang University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Hadoop See 72 endorsements for Hadoop 72 Hadoop Endorsed by Chen HE and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lijuan’s colleagues at Alibaba Group Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 48 endorsements for Big Data 48 Big Data Endorsed by Jenny Cai and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Lijuan’s colleagues at ZEFR Click and drag to reorder skills Scalability See 41 endorsements for Scalability 41 Scalability Endorsed by Antonio Magnaghi, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Lijuan’s colleagues at ZEFR Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (10) Given (8) Prashanth Ramdas Vice President Engineering at OpenX December 14, 2014, Prashanth managed Lijuan directly Lijuan as an engineering manager has the ability to lead both data scientists and systems engineers. This unique ability helped her lead projects end to end which involved not only solving complex data science questions but also building large scale systems. Additionally Lijuan has good business context and worked closely with her counterparts in product and business. Overall she and her team were very successful with their product launches. She will be a strong asset on any engineering organization. Baoning Wu Manager at Spokeo December 12, 2014, Baoning reported directly to Lijuan Lijuan is my direct manager at OpenX for over 2.5 years. She is a veryexperienced, thoughtful and smart leader for the data scienceteam. She successfully and efficiently managed quite some hard projects with her keen-sighted technical and managementskills. These projects cover many different technical areas incomputer science and data science, such as traffic quality, image search, revenue optimization and system performance improvement. She can alwayspropose novel ideas when we face difficulty during our work. With hermotivation we finished all these projects smoothly. I highly recommendher for any management position, especially for the area like big data and data science. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations John Murphy VP, Marketplace Quality at OpenX January 4, 2015, Lijuan worked with John in different groups During my tenure at OpenX, I worked closely with John on two very critical projects – Traffic Quality and Ad Quality. John was an excellent business partner. He was soft spoken, approachable and very responsive. He not only worked on OpenX corporate strategy and vision for Traffic and Ad quality products, but also played product management function. We worked very closely on the two products, from competitive intelligence collection, 3rd party software service provider evaluation, product prototyping to product roadmap. Whenever the two quality projects didn’t receive the appropriate level of priority, John successfully advocated for the projects and was able to receive the appropriate support from upper management. John also provided feedbacks received from external partners to Data Sciences team so we could continuously improve our algorithms. The two quality projects could not be so successful without John. I truly enjoyed working with John. Ali Yakamercan Software Engineer at Tumblr September 16, 2014, Lijuan was senior to Ali but didn’t manage directly Ali implemented a web service that is used by a data science project (owned by my team). The web service is backed by a Riak data store that handles ~50K QPS. The project is critical because it directly impacts the revenue stream. Ali worked closely with a member of my team (Data Science team) on the project. They did a great job together. We never experienced any major issue after the service was launched. Besides his professional competence, Ali is also a very pleasant person to work with. I highly recommend Ali. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Lijuan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Chinese Interests Quotacom 2,545 followers LinkedIn Economic Graph 76,629 followers Women in Big Data Forum 2,199 members 浙江大学 89,787 followers Data Science Central 291,510 members Alibaba Group 102,751 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jamie has a account Jamie Olson Senior Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft Carnegie Mellon University Kansas City, Missouri 268 268 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm currently working as a Senior Data Scientist for Microsoft conducting training, consulting and custom analytics development across a broad variety of industries and audiences. I have 5 years of experience with python, 10 with R and SQL, and have used a wide variety of modeling/analysis techniques, including spatial and temporal modeling as well as network analysis. I also have experience with a variety of machine learning and data mining models and tools such as Hadoop, Hive, Weka, etc. I also have excellent writing and presentation skills and have experience training a wide variety of audiences.You can find more information about my research and projects at my website: htttp://jfolson.comMost of my software projects can be found on my github page: http://github.com/jamiefolson See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo I help clients build advanced analytic workflows using the Microsoft Azure platform. My 10+ years of R experience helps me guide customers through the vast collections of R "packages" while the Microsoft Azure platform enables complex, modern workflows across heterogeneous enterprise software systems. Analytics Architect Company Name Revolution Analytics Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos I worked with clients to build analysis and modeling solutions in the R programming language, with particular expertise in using R within the Hadoop ecosystem. In addition to development activities, I also work with clients to design and/or improve their software architecture surrounding predictive analytics, leveraging my expertise in a wide variety of technologies.In addition to consulting, I also provide technical expertise during the pre-sales project planning and proposal phases. Consultant Company Name Revolution Analytics Dates Employed May 2013 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Worked with clients to develop analysis and modeling solutions in the R programming language, with particular expertise in using R within the Hadoop ecosystem. In addition, I design, develop and present instructional material regarding advanced topics in R. Analytics Consultant Company Name Self-Employed Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Designed and implemented custom analytics solutions solutions leveraging R and Hadoop. Research Assistant Company Name Carnegie Mellon University Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs Designed and implemented new computational methods relating to spatial and temporal social network analysis, including grouping and summarization, probabilistic graphical models, and large-scale epidemiological simulations. See more positions Education Carnegie Mellon University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 · Graduate Coursework in: Artificial Intelligence, Databases, Data Mining, Modeling and Simulations, Statistics, Machine Learning. · Carleton College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Computer Science, Cognitive Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Double major in Computer Science and Cognitive Science with coursework in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning & Data Mining, Natural Language Processing, Databases, Algorithms, Game Theory, Linguistics, Cognitive Psychology. Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 20 endorsements for R 20 R Endorsed by Derek Norton and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Jamie’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 17 endorsements for Data Mining 17 Data Mining Endorsed by Derek Norton and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jamie’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 10 endorsements for Machine Learning 10 Machine Learning Endorsed by Jesse St. Charles, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jamie’s colleagues at Microsoft Advanced Analytics Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jamie has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests Big Data and Analytics 330,677 members Carnegie Mellon University 126,407 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers Carleton College 17,142 followers Carleton College 17,308 followers Carleton College Alumni 5,569 members See all See all following
More Actions Alexander has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Alexander Combs Data Scientist & Sr. Big Data Instructor Hortonworks General Assembly New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Sr. Data Scientist and Instructor with a background in:- Machine Learning- Quantitative and Statistical Modeling- Natural Language Processing and Generation (NLP/NLG)- Financial Data Extraction- Marketing Models- Software DevelopmentExperience in the following industries:- Media- Finance- Publishing- Education- SoftwareAuthor of Python Machine Learning Blueprints (Packt Publishing, July 2016) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Alexander’s Activity 1,278 followers Proud 3rd place winner team of the NYC Cognitive Builder Hackathon - Making Social Impact through Data Alexander liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist & Sr. Big Data Instructor Company Name Hortonworks Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location New York, New York Data Scientist & Faculty Lead Company Name General Assembly Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 mo Location New York, New York Data Scientist & Lead Instructor Company Name General Assembly Dates Employed May 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York Lead Data Science Instructor for immersive program Data Scientist Company Name Contently Dates Employed Apr 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location NYC Data Scientist/NLP Engineer Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Princeton, NJ See more positions Education General Assembly Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Studied all aspects of Data Science workflow: bash scripting, relational and NoSQL databases, supervised and unsupervised learning techniques (Random Forests, Logistic Regression, Deep Learning, SVD and PCA), as well as how to work at scale with Hadoop/HDFS, Apache Spark, and Amazon AWS/EC2. George Mason University Degree Name Master of Arts (MA) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Focus in Computational Social Science University of Florida Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 40 endorsements for Machine Learning 40 Machine Learning Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Alexander’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 32 endorsements for Data Analysis 32 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Alexander’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 28 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 28 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Alexander’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Charles Chi Data Scientist at Doximity June 13, 2016, Alexander worked with Charles in the same group Alex is one of the smartest individuals I've ever had the pleasure to work with and learn from. He consistently thinks outside the box and can pick up concepts extremely quickly. Alex always is able to assist me with any challenges I encounter, as I enjoy discussing and brainstorming ideas/solutions with him. He also possesses an unique understanding of both Business and Technical worlds, able to bridge the gap between the two divisions at any company. Charles Chi Data Scientist at Doximity September 27, 2016, Charles worked with Alexander in the same group Charles is one of the most dedicated, hard-working people I have ever had the pleasure of working with. He is relentless in his efforts to consistently deliver the best work possible and to ensure that his skills are always at the forefront of the data science field. I am truly honored to have had him as a colleague and to count him as a friend. Accomplishments Alexander has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Python Machine Learning Blueprints Interests James AltucherJames Altucher is a LinkedIn Influencer Editor at The Altucher Report 764,530 followers LinkedIn Economic Graph 76,629 followers BBC News 2,271,030 followers Data & Text Analytics Professionals (1800+ members) 16,075 members TED Conferences 5,361,822 followers Mark MobiusMark Mobius is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, Templeton Emerging Markets Group at Franklin Templeton Investments 410,699 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Sperry Programmer, data scientist, and astrophysics visualizer Weather Analytics Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Greater Boston Area 426 426 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Programmer, data scientist, and astrophysics visualizer Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Mike’s Activity 423 followers The Name Change Project Mike liked Sky to Space: Astronomy Beyond the Basics with Comparisons, Ratios and Proportions Mike liked 40 Techniques Used by Data Scientists Mike liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name Weather Analytics Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Research Scientist Company Name Sky-Skan, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Nashua, NH Science lead on Sky-Skan's DarkMatter real-time interactive astronomical visualization software- Data wrangling from SQL, html, XML, and text sources, machine learning in C++ and Python, automating ETL, storage and usage of astronomical data, including algorithms for clustering, grouping, and removal of systematic artifacts- Development of DarkMatter API to create, update, and control datasets, visual assets, and system settings on demand, compatible with both Python 2 and 3- Migration of orbit calculations from Keplerian elements to NASA’s Spice Kernel state vector in source controlled C++ codebase, utilizing the Spice Toolkit in C- Creation of customer facing asset toolkit programs in C++ and Python- Creating physics simulations and control scripts in Python and JavaScript for use in real-time interactive simulations: Lagrange points, Hill spheres, barycentric motion- Provide research support, and advising on scientific issues for other the software and content teams- Collaboration, training, and support for: NASA, Minor Planet Center, Institute for Astronomy, NAOJ, Notre Dame, Boston Museum of Science, Adler Planetarium, National Geographic- Extensive domestic and international travel for sales demos, customer site visits, industry conferences, and collaboration with scientists and researchers- Responsible for creating and maintaining datasets, visualizations, and content representing current knowledge of the Universe, including Earth science, astronomy, and cosmology Research Specialist Company Name Sky-Skan, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Location Nashua, NH - Created Exoplanet XML plugin, integrating multiple data sources and utilized statistics and decision trees to deliver real-time visuals of extrasolar planetary systems with a simple user interface- Developed control interfaces and real-time visualization from scientific data​: Satellites, moons, the Asteroid Belt, Saturn’s Rings, Exoplanet systems, Nebulae, the Milky Way, Galaxy surveys- Developed C++ codebase to process astronomical data into formats suitable for visualization- Extensive experience with partiview software and data format- Rendered 8k resolution 60fps 3D stereo full dome visualizations in DigitalSky2 Graduate Teaching Assistant Company Name Worcester Polytechnic Institute Dates Employed Aug 2005 – May 2006 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Worcester, MA Teaching Assistant for introductory physics courses Undergraduate Research Assistant Company Name Virginia Tech Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Blacksburg, VA Work on and travel to the Borexino solar neutrino detector in Italy to install camera calibration systems See more positions Education Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Society of Physics Students, Physics Outreach Swinburne University of Technology Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Astronomy Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2014 Worcester Polytechnic Institute Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Physics See 17 endorsements for Physics 17 Physics Scott Page and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Programming See 9 endorsements for Programming 9 Programming Katrina Loan and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 6 endorsements for Python 6 Python Hannah Kent and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mike has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses “Astronomy Visualization Workshop” California Academy of Sciences, 2009 “C++ Programming for Non-C programmers” Hands On Technology Transfer, 2008 “Dark Matters” KICP Short Course for Museum and Planetarium Staff, 2012 “Exploring the Universe Bit by Bit” University of Chicago, 2010 Mike has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications A Langmuir Probe Investigation of Electron Cyclotron Resonance Argon-Hydrogen Plasmas Langmuir Probe Investigation of the Electron Cyclotron Resonance Etching of CdZnTe and HgCdTe Low Etch Lag HgCdTe Trenches Macro-Loading Effects of ECR-Etched II-VI Materials Mike has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects To Space and Back Moons: Worlds of Mystery Awesome Light 3: Chasing Celestial Mysteries Mike has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Eagle Scout Interests Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,432 members GovPredict 65 followers Pulse 1,535,220 followers Snowbound Software 407 followers Virginia Tech 195,107 followers Data Scientists 49,117 members See all See all following
More Actions Alexander has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Alexander Combs Data Scientist & Sr. Big Data Instructor Hortonworks General Assembly New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Sr. Data Scientist and Instructor with a background in:- Machine Learning- Quantitative and Statistical Modeling- Natural Language Processing and Generation (NLP/NLG)- Financial Data Extraction- Marketing Models- Software DevelopmentExperience in the following industries:- Media- Finance- Publishing- Education- SoftwareAuthor of Python Machine Learning Blueprints (Packt Publishing, July 2016) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Alexander’s Activity 1,278 followers Proud 3rd place winner team of the NYC Cognitive Builder Hackathon - Making Social Impact through Data Alexander liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist & Sr. Big Data Instructor Company Name Hortonworks Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location New York, New York Data Scientist & Faculty Lead Company Name General Assembly Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 mo Location New York, New York Data Scientist & Lead Instructor Company Name General Assembly Dates Employed May 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York Lead Data Science Instructor for immersive program Data Scientist Company Name Contently Dates Employed Apr 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location NYC Data Scientist/NLP Engineer Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Princeton, NJ See more positions Education General Assembly Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Studied all aspects of Data Science workflow: bash scripting, relational and NoSQL databases, supervised and unsupervised learning techniques (Random Forests, Logistic Regression, Deep Learning, SVD and PCA), as well as how to work at scale with Hadoop/HDFS, Apache Spark, and Amazon AWS/EC2. George Mason University Degree Name Master of Arts (MA) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Focus in Computational Social Science University of Florida Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 40 endorsements for Machine Learning 40 Machine Learning Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Alexander’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 32 endorsements for Data Analysis 32 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Alexander’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 28 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 28 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Alexander’s colleagues at General Assembly Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Charles Chi Data Scientist at Doximity June 13, 2016, Alexander worked with Charles in the same group Alex is one of the smartest individuals I've ever had the pleasure to work with and learn from. He consistently thinks outside the box and can pick up concepts extremely quickly. Alex always is able to assist me with any challenges I encounter, as I enjoy discussing and brainstorming ideas/solutions with him. He also possesses an unique understanding of both Business and Technical worlds, able to bridge the gap between the two divisions at any company. Charles Chi Data Scientist at Doximity September 27, 2016, Charles worked with Alexander in the same group Charles is one of the most dedicated, hard-working people I have ever had the pleasure of working with. He is relentless in his efforts to consistently deliver the best work possible and to ensure that his skills are always at the forefront of the data science field. I am truly honored to have had him as a colleague and to count him as a friend. Accomplishments Alexander has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Python Machine Learning Blueprints Interests The Wall Street Journal 2,341,955 followers Reid HoffmanReid Hoffman is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur. Product Strategist. Investor. 1,398,004 followers Text and Social Analytics Group 1,898 members Betty LiuBetty Liu is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder/CEO at Radiate, Inc. 298,752 followers BBC News 2,271,031 followers Nieman Journalism Lab 104,733 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yael has a account Yael Elmatad Data Scientist at Tapad Tapad University of California, Berkeley New York, New York 486 486 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Please only add me as a connection if we have interacted. I will otherwise not accept you. Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Tapad Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location New York, NY Postdoctoral/Faculty Fellow Company Name New York University Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Center for Soft Matter Research I am an independent researcher at the Center for Soft Matter Research in the Physics Department of NYU. My responsibilities include teaching upper level undergraduate courses. I use computational methods to study simple physical systems. Specifically, I am trying to use high performance computing to study model space parameter optimization. Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Physical Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Iota Sigma Pi (Women's Chemistry Honor Society) Studied dynamics is supercooled liquids (glassy systems) to understand the discrepency between the macroscopic, solid-like(observed) behavior of glass as rigid and its microscopic structure (liquid like/disordered). Compared transport proporties (diffusion constant, relaxation time, and viscosity) of over 55 molecular glassformers showing that all the data can be collapsed onto a single, master curve thus highlighting glass universality. Used molecular simulation techniques (continuous time/kinetic Monte Carlo, transition path sampling, weighted histogram analysis methods) to study phase behavior in simple lattice models of glassforming liquids.Relevant Physical Chemistry Coursework: Graduate Statistical Mechancis I & II, Graduate Quantum Mechanics II, Graduate KineticsRelevant Physics Coursework: Graduate Quantum Mechanics I New York University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Chemistry, Mathematics, Computer Science, & Hebrew Language & Literature Grade Summa Cum Laude, Class Valedictorian Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Model UN Team, Draper Society, Phi Lambda Upsilon, Phi Beta Kappa Majored in Chemistry with three minors: Mathematics, Computer Science, and Hebrew Literature.Relevant CS Coursework: Intro to Computer Science, Data Structures, and Computer Systems OrganizationRelevant Mathematics Coursework: Calculus I-III, Linear Algebra, Ordinary Differential Equations, Partial Differential Equations, and Mathematical Wave Dynamics Bergen County Academies Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 See more education Volunteer Experience Teacher Company Name TEALSK12 Dates volunteered Sep 2014 – Jun 2015 Volunteer duration 10 mos Cause Education Taught AP Computer Science at NYC Public School Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 11 endorsements for Research 11 Research Endorsed by Morgan Polotan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Yael’s colleagues at Tapad Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 11 endorsements for Statistics 11 Statistics Endorsed by Chris Ryan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Yael’s colleagues at Tapad Click and drag to reorder skills Monte Carlo Simulation See 10 endorsements for Monte Carlo Simulation 10 Monte Carlo Simulation Chris Ryan and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Yael has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Hebrew Interests Pulse 1,535,221 followers NYU CAS Alumni 6,293 members Telenor 135,690 followers New York University 434,011 followers Iota Sigma Pi - National Honor Society for Women in Chemistry 618 members Mashable 812,130 followers See all See all following
More Actions Samantha has a account Samantha Cook Senior Data Scientist - Supply Chain at The Home Depot The Home Depot Georgia Institute of Technology Greater Atlanta Area 156 156 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist - Supply Chain Company Name The Home Depot Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Logistics Manager / Data Scientist Company Name The Home Depot Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Senior Logistics Analyst Company Name The Home Depot Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Analyst - Inventory Planning Company Name The Home Depot Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Software Consultant Company Name PowerPlan, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Education Georgia Institute of Technology Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Process Improvement See 6 endorsements for Process Improvement 6 Process Improvement Hank Bowden and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 6 endorsements for Data Analysis 6 Data Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Samantha’s colleagues at The Home Depot Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence Tools See 3 endorsements for Business Intelligence Tools 3 Business Intelligence Tools Endorsed by 3 of Samantha’s colleagues at The Home Depot Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Home Depot 279,809 followers Georgia Institute of Technology 201,176 followers Georgia Institute of Technology 189,391 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers
More Actions Jia Min Karen has a account Jia Min Karen Kua Manager (Machine Learning) at CSIT Centre for Strategic Infocomm Technologies University of New South Wales Singapore 384 384 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Researcher in the areas of machine learning, big data analytics and speech signal processing.Specialties: signal processing, pattern recognition, natural language processing, machine learning, speaker recognition, robust feature discovery, selection and extraction. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Manager (Machine Learning) Company Name Centre for Strategic Infocomm Technologies Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr R&D Engineer (Machine Learning) Company Name Centre for Strategic Infocomm Technologies Dates Employed 2015 – 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr - Research and develop concepts as well as methodologies relating to media processing and recognition techniques to enhance information processing capabilities.- Develop statistical and machine learning techniques to identify statistical relationships present in large and complex sets of data. - Partner with researchers and engineers across various teams to assess operational needs and identify opportunities to apply data analytics. - Define analytical strategy to address identified opportunities, including analytical approaches, data and technology requirements.- Draft and propose detailed working plans for research activities and follow through with the development of proof-of-concepts demonstrators.- Actively conduct technology scans to understand technical and commercial drivers and leverage on these technology advances and opportunities to guide in-house R&D efforts.- Promote to management and operational users, the awareness of relevant technologies, including the state of maturity for individual technology.- Provide consultancy services and effect knowledge transfers to users. Data Scientist Company Name SingTel, Group Digital L!fe (GDL) Dates Employed 2014 – 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Singapore - Led a team of data scientists, data analysts and engineers to drive the operationalization of the analytics findings, evaluation of the analytical models and the effectiveness of marketing campaigns in collaboration with the business sponsors and stakeholders.- Research lead on deep learning for user modelling and profiling to drive user engagement in SingTel GDL's digital solutions.- Developed machine learning algorithms to power GDL's personalization system.- Designed and analysed experiments to test new algorithms / techniques for delivering user personalization.- Collaborated with developers to integrate developed models into production. Research Fellow Company Name University of New South Wales Dates Employed 2013 – 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Australia - Participated as technical lead in INTERSPEECH 2014 Computational Paralinguistics Challenge (Cognitive Load Task): Achieved 2nd place among 15 international submissions.- Investigated variability compensation for statistical models in the context of cognitive load classification.- Investigated the use of deep learning/neural network for speaker recognition system.- Course coordinator for 3rd year digital signal processing undergraduate course (ELEC3104 Digital Signal Processing). Research Officer Company Name Institute for Infocomm Research Dates Employed 2007 – 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr - Worked as part of a team to develop the white-space sensing device that has received approval for further development by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).- Involved in the design and modelling of algorithms for wireless communication systems including algorithms exploration, simulations, fixed-point conversions and targeting to hardware processors.- Perform firmware development on TI CCS using C. Education University of New South Wales Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Signal Processing Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Dissertation: "Improving Automatic Speaker Verification Using Front-end and Back-end Diversity"Research on novel features, machine learning and classification methods to complement current state-of-the-art speaker verification systems Media (1) This position has 1 media whole whole This media is a document University of New South Wales Degree Name Bachelor of Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Signal Processing See 23 endorsements for Signal Processing 23 Signal Processing Endorsed by Vidhyasaharan Sethu and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Jia Min Karen’s colleagues at UNSW Click and drag to reorder skills Natural Language Processing See 1 endorsement for Natural Language Processing 1 Natural Language Processing Wenliang Lu has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 23 endorsements for Machine Learning 23 Machine Learning Endorsed by Ajith Abraham and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Jia Min Karen’s colleagues at Singtel Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jia Min Karen has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards NICTA International Postgraduate Award UNSW Golden Jubilee Scholarship Jia Min Karen has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Jia Min Karen has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication A Comparison of Classification Paradigms for Speaker Likeability Determination Interests Machine Learning Connection 46,676 members UNSW 204,732 followers KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,127 members Interspeech 740 members Data Science SG 828 members Pulse 1,535,221 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ming has a account Ming Yang Senior Data Scientist at PARC, A Xerox Company PARC, A Xerox Company and The Xerox Innovation Group University of Rochester Rochester, New York Area 213 213 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Data Science: Machine Learning, data mining, quantitative analysis, and data visualization. • Programming: Proficiency in R, Python, SQL, MATLAB, JAVA, and C/C++ • Advanced Engineering Analysis: Agent-based models, applied statistics, optimization theory, system control, simulations, numerical (finite element and finite difference methods) and analytical approaches, solid/fluid mechanics, thermodynamics, acoustics, stability/vibration, elasticity/fracture mechanics, impact/fatigue analysis, and the lean six sigma methodology• Development of Advanced Simulation Tools: I have used advanced modeling theory to develop simulation tools for solving problems arising from disruptive technology. • Smooth and Effective Communication Skills: I have worked extensively in both the research and production capacity and know how to communicate smoothly between the two. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name PARC, A Xerox Company and The Xerox Innovation Group Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Location Webster, New York • Developed predictive, trend, and hypotheses-testing models in health care, financial services, transportation, and transaction process services using machine learning methods in a probabilistic perspective. • Conducted data analysis using spatial-temporal, network graph, random forest, SVM, PCA, neural network, and other clustering / classification algorithms. • Applications ranged from health care fraud detection, credit/debit card fraud detection, population health prediction, health care accessibility modeling (optimizing supply and demand), traffic flow and jam prediction, and urban mobility prediction. • Developed in R, SQL (MYSQL, MSSQL, and Oracle SQL), JAVA, Python, MATLAB, and Hadoop in Windows, UNIX, and Linux environments.PATENTS: 1. Wei Peng, Moshe Lichman, Tong Sun, Ming Yang, A population model to infer individual and/or group behavior using ID’d location data such as location based social networks, Filed (initiated 10/31/2013), patent pending2. Ming Yang, A Segmented Temporal Analysis Model Used in FWA (fraud, waste and abuse) detection, Filed (initiated 10/29/2013), patent pending3. Roof, Bryan J, Yeh, Andrew, Mizes, Howard, Du, Haitao, Yang, Ming, Face Recognition Business Model and Method To Identify Perpetrators of ATM Fraud, Filed (initiated 3/7/2014), patent pending4. Guangyu Zou, Rakesh Kulkarni, Ming Yang, Methods, systems and processor-readable media for optimizing intelligent transportation system strategies utilizing systematic genetic algorithms, 9183742, 11/10/20155. Ming Yang, Marina L. Tharayil, William J. Nowak, Iterative learning control for motion error reduction, 9170532, 10/27/20156. Ming Yang, Diane M. Foley, William K. Stumbo, Guangyu Zou, Predicting remaining useful life for a consumable using using a weighted least square regression prediction technique, 9134675, 9/15/20157. Ming Yang, Systems and methods for enhanced cellular automata algorithm for traffic flow modeling, 8738336, 5/27/2014... Senior R&D Specialist in Modeling and Simulation Company Name Xerox Dates Employed 1994 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 20 yrs Location Webster, New York • Led the development of an integrated modeling toolkit for simulation using statistics, agent based modeling theory, and nonlinear fluid and solid mechanics. • The toolkit had more than 10 different applications, includingo Agent-based road traffic modelingo System control and paper handling in high speed printing production systemso Media curvature analysis (solid-fluid interaction)o Belt / Web dynamic analysiso Generic statistical engineering problems• Proficiency in the whole life cycle of software development for large scale, reusable, and extensible object oriented simulation tools using UML, Design Pattern, and Lean/Agile Principles. • Software developed in JAVA and C++. Senior R&D Specialist in Technology Development Company Name Xerox Dates Employed 1991 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 23 yrs • Led analysis tasks in structural mechanics, fluid-solid interactions and acoustics. • Applied broad analytical skills to provide innovative solutions for complex engineering failure modes• Used optimization technology for task scheduling and supply and demand distribution • Guided technology and product development for media feeding, media transportation, and registration using advanced mechanical theory and system control technology• Tools used: ABAQUS, ANSYS, CFDesign, Adina and MSC/NASTRAN, Solid Works, and MATLAB. Adjunct Scientist (3/94-3/95); Research Assistant ( 9/87-3/91) Company Name University of Rochester Dates Employed 1987 – 1995 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Rochester, New York Area Used nonlinear poroelasticity and other advanced biomechanics theories to model biomedical structures such as the human heart Education University of Rochester Degree Name Ph. D. Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 13 endorsements for Matlab 13 Matlab Endorsed by 8 of Ming’s colleagues at Xerox Click and drag to reorder skills Simulations See 12 endorsements for Simulations 12 Simulations Endorsed by 8 of Ming’s colleagues at Xerox Click and drag to reorder skills Finite Element Analysis See 5 endorsements for Finite Element Analysis 5 Finite Element Analysis Endorsed by 4 of Ming’s colleagues at Xerox Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ming has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents Predicting remaining useful life for a consumable using a weighted least squares regressions prediction technique Estimating accuracy of a remaining useful life prediction model for a consumable using statistics based segmentation technique Interests Object-Oriented Programming 3,723 members Pulse 1,535,221 followers University of Rochester 65,345 followers Winter Simulation Conference 2,022 members Data Science Central 291,511 members SIMUTools 61 members See all See all following
More Actions Tao has a account Tao Wu at Microsoft Microsoft New Jersey Institute of Technology Cambridge, Massachusetts 155 155 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Ph.D. in Computer Science with high performance programming experience. Proficient with C, C++, MATLAB. Developed a C++/MPI modeling package for protein normal mode analysis.Specialties: Languages: C, C++, MATLAB, FORTRAN, JAVA, SQL Operating Systems: Linux, UNIX, WindowsMath library tools: BLAS, LAPACK, ScaLAPACKReversion control: CVS, GitParallel programming with MPI See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Software Engineer II Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location Cambridge, MA Working in the Azure Machine Learning Studio team. Focus on writing infrastructure module and tools for big data implementation. Research assistant Company Name New Jersey Institute of Technology Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos • Built a new computational framework for calculating the normal modes and interactions of proteins and macromolecular assemblies.• Combined molecular dynamics simulation (MD) and principal component analysis (PCA) method.• Developed a parallel computing package in C++ with Message Passing Interface (MPI), and used math library BLAS, LAPACK and ScaLAPACK• Tested in FRANKLIN, one of the most powerful supercomputers • Used GIT as version control system Lecturer Company Name New Jersey Institute of Technology Dates Employed Sep 2006 – May 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Taught a programming class on C++ and MATLAB Education New Jersey Institute of Technology Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Vice President, NJIT Chinese Students and Scholars Association, September 2006 - May 2007 University of Detroit Mercy Degree Name Master Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Xi'an University of Architecture and Technology (XAUAT) Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Civil Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements C++ See 17 endorsements for C++ 17 C++ Endorsed by Sudarshan Raghunathan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Tao’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 11 endorsements for Matlab 11 Matlab Endorsed by 6 of Tao’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills C# See 10 endorsements for C# 10 C# Endorsed by Craig Smith, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Tao’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Business Insider 2,594,912 followers High Performance & Super Computing 24,852 members Microsoft 3,687,353 followers C++ Professionals 45,115 members SUSE Linux Users Group 9,154 members Multicore & Parallel Computing 15,519 members See all See all following
More Actions Scott has a account Scott Lustig Ph.D. Economist & Lead Data Scientist at OnDeck OnDeck Duke University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Scott’s Activity 700 followers KeepTruckin raises $18 mln as Silicon Valley eyes trucking industry Scott liked Jobs at Square Scott liked Zürich Women in Machine Learning and Data Science Scott liked OnDeck layoffs: I have 3 more recruiters from the DC and Denver area looking to help you out with your next role! Scott liked Sorry to hear another 20% of the team at OnDeck was let go today. All the best to my colleagues there. Reach out to me if you need recruiting help! I have some of the best in the business! Scott liked See all activity Experience Lead Data Scientist Company Name OnDeck Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Senior Vice President: Decision Management Company Name Citi Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Long Island City, NY ● Designed and implemented customer-centric Balance Transfer modeling suite, which increased revenue by 15% per year. ● Engineered parallel-process in-database feature extraction and model development pipeline to reduce cycle time by 75%.● Created a spend disengagement model using high-frequency transaction data to identify changes in customer loyalty.● Led cross-functional team to develop and implement customer-level loss models and reduce losses by $156MM per year.● Designed and implemented simultaneous optimization of pricing and marketing strategy for the balance transfer program increasing net income by $36MM per year.● Created a multi-threaded financial control process that streamlined production and reduced cycle-time by 33%.● Voice of the Employee committee member dedicated to developing training, volunteer events, and social activities.● Awarded Citi’s Leadership Excellence Award in 2013. Vice President: Decision Management Company Name Citi Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Research Assistant Company Name Duke University Department of Economics Dates Employed Sep 2008 – May 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Intern: Decision Management Company Name Citicards Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 3 mos ● Developed the Gamer Targeting Model to proactively identify unprofitable direct mailing recipients that is forecasted to generate a business income improvement of $35 million a year.● Analyzed new findings on price sensitivities by customer risk segmentation to maximize the response to direct mailing while limiting aggregate risk. Education Duke University Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 ● Recipient of Distinguished Economics Department Graduate Fellowship; Full scholarship for Ph.D. program.● Recipient of Robert K. Steel Family Summer Fellowship, 2010.● Led first-year Ph.D. students’ seminars in econometric and statistical theory and techniques as Teaching/Research Assistant.● Served as vice president of the Economics Graduate Student Committee. Organized and conducted meetings with the Economics Department’s leadership to represent students’ needs and concerns. Tufts University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Quantitative Economics, International Relations Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Center for Russian Language and Culture Field Of Study Russian Language Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2005 ● Studied in 10 week Russian immersion program.● Resided with host family that did not speak English, providing the opportunity to quickly enhance my language skills. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Economics See 19 endorsements for Economics 19 Economics Endorsed by Wayne Marr, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Scott’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Econometrics See 12 endorsements for Econometrics 12 Econometrics Endorsed by 2 of Scott’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 15 endorsements for Data Analysis 15 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kunal Kamra and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Scott’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Scott has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Russian Interests Tufts University 76,232 followers Elm Talent Group 4,492 followers OnDeck 13,940 followers The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) 235,331 followers PhD Business – Economics – International Trade 4,666 members LSE Alumni 14,753 members See all See all following
More Actions Dean has a account Dean Eckles Social scientist & statistician; faculty at MIT Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Stanford University Cambridge, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a social scientist and applied statistician. Much of my research examines people's interactions with and through communication technologies, especially how these technologies mediate, amplify, and direct social influence. I also work on new analytical methods, including applied statistics, design of field experiments, methods for networks and graphs, and causal inference. My work has frequently included the design of new products, interfaces, interventions, and methods.My academic training, completed at Stanford University, is in philosophy (BA), cognitive science (BS, MS), and statistics (MS), and communication (PhD). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Assistant Professor Company Name Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Cambridge, MA MIT Sloan School of Management, Marketing group Media (1) This position has 1 media Dean Eckles - Faculty | MIT Sloan School of Management Dean Eckles - Faculty | MIT Sloan School of Management This media is a link Scientist Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Menlo Park, CA Member of the Core Data Science team. Research on methods for field experiments, causal and statistical inference in networks, adjusting biased samples (e.g., survey weighting), and the spread of behaviors, information, and rumors. Teaching design and analysis of experiments and exploratory data analysis. Building experimentation tools. Informing decisions for multiple products. Intern, Consultant & Researcher-in-Residence Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Research on News Feed, personality expression and prediction, peer effects, and advertising. Design and analysis of experiments. New tools and methods for causal inference. Research Assistant Company Name Stanford CHIMe Lab Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Research, including my dissertation, under the supervision of Prof. Clifford Nass. Member of Research Staff Company Name Nokia Research Center Dates Employed Mar 2007 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Research and design in mobile communication and media sharing, mobile augmented reality, services powered by online communities and markets (i.e. crowdsourcing), and user interfaces. Methods included lab experiments, field studies, interviews, rapid prototyping, and morphological analysis. Research program development, designing and executing studies, designing new experiences, managing engineering sprints, and transferring research results to business units and intellectual property rights. See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Communication Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Advised by Clifford Nass. My dissertation, "Identifying Peer Effects in Online Communication", was granted the Nathan Maccoby Outstanding Dissertation Award. Stanford University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Stanford University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Symbolic Systems: Human-Computer Interaction Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Stanford Persuasive Technology Lab My research and individually-designed course plan focused on persuasive technology and online communities.My thesis, &quot;Mobile Persuasive Technology and Influencing Self-Disclosure Behavior&quot;, was advised by B.J. Fogg and Scott Klemmer. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements User Experience See 37 endorsements for User Experience 37 User Experience Endorsed by Leila Takayama and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Dean’s colleagues at Facebook Click and drag to reorder skills Human Computer Interaction See 31 endorsements for Human Computer Interaction 31 Human Computer Interaction Endorsed by Leila Takayama and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Dean’s colleagues at Facebook Click and drag to reorder skills User-centered Design See 19 endorsements for User-centered Design 19 User-centered Design Endorsed by Leila Takayama, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Dean’s colleagues at Stanford University Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Shane Ahern Software Engineer at Health Coda July 16, 2007, Shane was senior to Dean but didn’t manage directly Dean "gets" mobile, and has expertise in user experience research and design, coding for mobile devices (esp. Flash and J2ME), combined with excellent communication and public speaking ability. He made a very significant positive impact at Yahoo! in a relatively short period of time. Mor Naaman Associate Professor at the Jacobs Institute, Cornell Tech April 15, 2007, Mor managed Dean directly I highly recommend Dean to any position in user experience design and related areas. Dean is an extremely talented designer, intelligent and curious, with quite an extensive background and set of capabilities, especially for someone his age. Two of the main prototypes from my team have been largely based on Dean's design and ideas. Even outside his own tasks, Dean always offered great input, made suggestions and contributed ideas. Dean is responsible and dependable, and needed little supervision. Like myself, everyone at Yahoo! Research Berkeley enjoyed working and interacting with Dean. Hire him. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dean has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Statistical Association Interests Chad DickersonChad Dickerson is a LinkedIn Influencer Former Etsy CEO 236,831 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology 277,243 followers Stanford University 373,239 followers Persuasive Social Design 1,319 members MIT Sloan School of Management 34,708 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers See all See all following
More Actions Oshry has a account Oshry Ben-Harush Data Scientist, Senior Manager at EMC Dell Ben-Gurion university of the Negev Israel 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a data scientist and machine learning practitioner and manager with over 8 years of experience covering speech, text and image processing. I place high emphasis on team work, domain expertise and business orientation.Currently I lead a team of data scientists in Dell, focused in developing advanced, data driven solutions to answer complex and varied challenges for different business units and Dell customers. Prior to joining Dell I was part of the Data Leak Prevention (DLP) team in CheckPoint software technologies, where I was engaged in developing content based textual categorization and topic modeling systems. Before that I was heavily engaged in research and development of automated speech processing systems for speaker separation applications.I have a bachelors and master's degree in Electrical Engineering from the 'Ben-Gurion' University of the Negev. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Oshry’s Activity 856 followers Data Scientists and Product Managers, a Love Story Waiting to Happen Oshry liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist, Senior Manager Company Name Dell Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Beer-Sheva/Hertzlia Israel - Lead, grow and develop a team of data scientists providing services to different Dell business units and Dell customers- Develop the business, advisory and technical skills and career path of the team membersTrack the team’s performance while working on their engagements and work to optimize ROI for the business and expertise of the team members- Provide data-driven insights and business value by efficiently analyzing very large quantities of data from diverse domain areas- Understand and influence business processes in a large enterprise and conduct proper change management to obtain business value- Provide technical and algorithmic guidance to team members as they carry on their engagements Data Scientist, Manager Company Name EMC Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Beer-Sheva/Hertzlia Israel - Lead, grow and develop a team of data scientists providing services to different Dell business units and Dell customers- Develop the business, advisory and technical skills and career path of the team membersTrack the team’s performance while working on their engagements and work to optimize ROI for the business and expertise of the team members- Provide data-driven insights and business value by efficiently analyzing very large quantities of data from diverse domain areas- Understand and influence business processes in a large enterprise and conduct proper change management to obtain business value- Provide technical and algorithmic guidance to team members as they carry on their engagements Principal Data Scientist Company Name EMC Dates Employed May 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Beer-Sheva/Hertzlia, Israel - Provide insights and business value by identifying high value business problems, efficiently analyzing multiple sources of possibly large data sets and present the findings precisely and clearly- Obtain a deep understanding of the business requirements and processes- Master the data mining, machine learning and big data principles and technologies- Agile development of data-driven solutions to be used by the customers on their routine activity Software developer with the Data Loss Prevention (DLP) team at Check Point software technologies Company Name Check Point Software Technologies Dates Employed Dec 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Check Point’s DLP solution aims to prevent sensitive information from leaving the organization. - Code the functional rule base engine and develop machine learning algorithms to automatically prevent data loss- integrate these algorithms into the core product Research Company Name Ben Gurion University of the Negev Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Freelancer for a government agency in research and development of algorithms required for speaker diarization and recognition systems. Specialization: signal processing, machine learning, digital signal processing, C/C++ and MatLabStarting from a preliminary speaker diarization system written in MatLab that was later re-written in C++ to incorporate parallel processing, code optimization using Intel Math Kernel libraries and algorithm improvements. The system is now in production and being used as part of a general surveillance system. See more positions Education Ben-Gurion university of the Negev Degree Name Master of Science (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Electrical and Computers Engineering Grade 90 Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Specialization: Signal processing, stochastic processes, information theory, speech processing and machine learningThesis: Speaker diarization over telephone conversations. The research required comprehensive knowledge of machine learning and random processes as well as signal processing and information theory subjects. Implementing the diarization system required knowledge of simulation environments and programming languages such as MatLab and C/C++.The research was funded by a government agency and was chosen from several academia and commercial solutions. SCE Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Electrical and Computers Engineering Grade 90 Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Specialization: Signal processing, communication systems and speech processingEngineering project: Speaker segmentation and clustering over telephone channels. The project focused on research and implementation of automated speaker segmentation and clustering system. The research required self-learning of the theoretical and implementation aspects required. These included speech signal processing, machine learning algorithms and MatLab implementation. Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 43 endorsements for Machine Learning 43 Machine Learning Endorsed by Raphael Cohen and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Oshry’s colleagues at Dell EMC Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 40 endorsements for Algorithms 40 Algorithms Endorsed by Raphael Cohen and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Oshry’s colleagues at Dell EMC Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 30 endorsements for Data Mining 30 Data Mining Endorsed by Flávio Mariano A P Carvalho, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Oshry’s colleagues at Dell EMC Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Shari Masafy MarCom Specialist at Shari Masafy - Marketing Communications for Business - www.marcomexpert.co.il August 4, 2016, Oshry worked with Shari in different groups I have been working together with Shari to develop marketing and communication material for the Data Science as a Service team in EMC. I have been discussing data science concepts with customers, partners and peers for a while now and with that Shari is truly exceptional in her capability to understand complex concepts and ideas and refine the key messages to be delivered to the audience. Shari is extremely focused at the task at hand, consistently delivers excellent content and value while driving our efforts towards a high quality final product. Dan Inbar VP Cloud Security and Operations at Pegasystems January 15, 2016, Oshry worked with Dan in different groups I was working with Dan for the last 4 years focused on developing advanced analytics and data science for the IT operations and security domains. Throughout that time Dan consistently adopted and promoted innovation, data driven business decision making and have shown deep understanding of advanced statistical and machine learning methodologies required to solve some of the more difficult challenges in these domains. Being rooted with the business, Dan was also able to push for adoption of innovative and advanced solutions while overcoming the usual obstacles in order to obtain the ROI and increase the bottom line. Accomplishments Oshry has 7 publications 7 Expand publications section Publications Initialization of Iterative-Based Speaker Diarization Systems for Telephone Conversation Incremental diarization of telephone conversations. Online Diarization of Telephone Conversations. Frame level entropy based overlapped speech detection as a pre-processing stage for speaker diarization Pure segment selection as speaker diarization post-processing. Segmental K-Means initialization for SOM-based speaker clustering. Weighted segmental k-means initialization for SOM-based speaker clustering Oshry has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hebrew Interests Guy KawasakiGuy Kawasaki is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief evangelist 2,228,121 followers Dell EMC XtremIO 9,541 followers Big Data | Analytics | Strategy | Finance | Innovation 229,960 members Dell EMC 734,182 followers Engadget 644,674 followers Technology 20,769,303 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nawras has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Nawras Abureehan Data Scientist, Growth Analytics Lalamove The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology Hong Kong 500+ 500+ connections Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Nawras’ Activity 1,006 followers Ken’s photo Nawras liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name Lalamove Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Hong Kong Senior Data Analyst Company Name Grovo Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Data Analyst Company Name Grovo Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Data Analyst Company Name Marketing Evolution Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area • Developed and explained output of Bi-Variate C/E, Logistical Multi-Variate models and PCA in addition to standard analyses such as correlations and moving averages.• Built higher efficiency data cleaning, analytics and visualization scripts in Python, R and S-Plus to automate, improve and innovate where is possible.• Managed 2-3 projects at any given time with minimal supervision and prioritized tasks to meet deadline.• Executed projects with high-profile clients including Cox Communications, Best Buy, Wal-Mart, Citi Bank and Time Inc.• Identified, diagnosed and solved analytical problems independently, collaborated with Client Services and Software team to ensure results match reasonable expectations and hypotheses, and communicated findings with clients through email and phone calls. Growth & Data Scientist (Intern) Company Name Accelerate Product Partners, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area See more positions Education The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Big Data Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Middlebury College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Majors in Biochemistry and Economics. Minor in Mathematics. Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Badminton Club, Middlebury Asian Students Organization, Kappa Delta Rho. Red Cross Nordic United World College Degree Name International Baccalaureate Diploma Field Of Study Biology, Chemistry, English at Higher Level, Arabic, Mathematics, Human Rights at Standard Level Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Do Remember Other People Charity Organization Bergum Mottak Refuge Center Model United Nations Leirskula (Camp School) for Kids (Biking). Fishing (Project Week). World Today (Discussion and Debate) Volunteer Experience Advertising Company Name Do Remember Other People (DROP) Dates volunteered Jul 2008 – Apr 2010 Volunteer duration 1 yr 10 mos Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 46 endorsements for Data Analysis 46 Data Analysis Endorsed by Joel Vazquez and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Nawras’ colleagues at Grovo Click and drag to reorder skills R See 16 endorsements for R 16 R Endorsed by 2 of Nawras’ colleagues at Grovo Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 11 endorsements for Python 11 Python Gori LYU and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Jahna Rosenberg Director, Analytics at Marketing Evolution April 10, 2015, Jahna managed Nawras directly When Nawras started at Marketing Evolution, he was able to get ramped up very quickly and started providing quality work for clients, even while still in the midst of his training. He has very high technical skills in R/Splus and Python and was able to balance both client work and internal developmental work. I fully endorse Nawras for any opportunity that requires intensive data analysis and project management. He is very reliable and I could always count on him to meet or even beat his deadlines. Joel Vazquez Associate Vice President, Marketing Evolution April 10, 2015, Joel managed Nawras directly Nawras was a pleasure to work with. He is very thorough and detail-oriented. At Marketing Evolution, Nawras successfully managed several projects at any given time with minimal supervision and was always ready for any challenges that required his attention to detail. An important aspect of his performance that allowed him to contribute on several projects was his sense of independence and judgement when problems arose. On every project, he displayed an outstanding knowledge of statistical/programming languages such as R/S-plus and Python as well as statistical concepts such as logistic regression and bi-variate c/e. He wrote clean and concise code that allowed for everyone to collaborate on his work when needed. Nawras’ drive for continued improvement highlights what makes him such a valuable teammate. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nawras has 17 courses 17 Expand courses section Courses Big Data Computing Computing for the Sciences Data Mining Foundations of Data Analytics Game Theory Imaging Analytics and Recognition Systems Intro to Statistical Science Machine Learning Mathematical Method for Data Analytics Mathematical Models in Social and Life Sciences Nawras has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English Japanese Nawras has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Middlebury UWC Davis Scholar Nawras has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Chemical Society Nawras has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score GRE Math Interests Carnegie Mellon University 138,318 followers Cornell University 265,730 followers Macquarie Group 153,497 followers Dharmesh ShahDharmesh Shah is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CTO at HubSpot 752,619 followers Bernard MarrBernard Marr is a LinkedIn Influencer Best-Selling Author, Keynote Speaker and Leading Business and Data Expert 1,013,149 followers RapidMiner, Inc. 3,421 followers See all See all following
More Actions Adrian has a account Adrian Montero Data Scientist - Global Analytics at Chubb Insurance Chubb Insurance Northwestern University Panama 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent It is not just about Big Data, but solid analytical skills and innovative solutions.Finding answers in numbers and complex patterns is my passion. Highlights Experience Data Scientist - Enterprise Business Analytics Company Name Chubb Insurance Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area ◆ Lead a team of three analysts in understanding over 28M records to provide actionable recommendations in decreasing eDiscovery and litigation costs (a multi-billion expense) ◆ Apply text analytics and deep learning modeling algorithms (naive bayes, support vector machine) to parse and accurately classify over 4M rows of unstructured data◆ Execute different aspects of analytics initiatives including extraction of data, integration of multiple datasets, quality control checks, create visualizations, and present analytical insights to business leadership◆ Top 5 tools used: Python, Tableau, R, SAS, Aster/Teradata Webmaster, Marketing Assistant and Graphic Designer Company Name Dept. of Athletics and Recreation, Northwestern University Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Evanston, IL ◆ Managed databases, content updates and design enhancements to the Fitness and Recreation website◆ Facilitated with advertising, promotion, sales, and special events related to fitness, aquatics, and recreational sports programs◆ Top 5 tools used: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Dreamweaver, mySQL, PHP Operations - Data Analytics Intern Company Name Uber Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Chicago, Illinois ◆ Applied statistical analysis and data visualizations to create business strategy solutions to help leadership in over 30 cities in the Midwest region evaluate success metrics and process improvements.◆ Presented data-driven recommendations to have a direct impact on the growth of the business in emerging markets.◆ Monitored driver behavior to ensure supply and maintain a high level of customer satisfaction.◆ Top 5 tools used: Postgres SQL, Tableau, R, Excel, Python SEO Analyst Company Name R+L Carriers Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr ◆ Managed multiple websites’ from content design and layout, to link building and online marketing.◆ Ensured that the company’s websites were top ranked in popular search engines for targeted keywords. ◆ Managed daily analytics and generated reports to gain insights into a website’s traffic, user behavior, and marketing campaigns effectiveness. ◆ Developed SEO standard auditing procedures to guarantee and constantly improve a site’s traffic. ◆ Worked closely with the Social Media Team on blogging strategies and brand name exposure techniques. ◆ Provided recommendations and design layouts for user friendly web application tools. Education Northwestern University Degree Name Master of Science in Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Media (2) This position has 2 media Marvel Universe Collaboration Network Marvel Universe Collaboration Network This media is an image Data Visualization - Divvy Bike Data Visualization - Divvy Bike This media is a document University of Florida Degree Name Industrial and Systems Engineering Grade Summa Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: United World Organization, Freshman Leadership Council, Society of Professional Hispanic Engineers (SHPE), Industrial and Systems Engineering Society, Honors Program, Dean's List, President's List. Red Cross Nordic United World College Degree Name International Baccalaureate Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Kayaking, Amnesty International, United World College, Red Cross, Performing Arts Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 10 endorsements for Statistics 10 Statistics Endorsed by Kirk Borne, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Adrian’s colleagues at Northwestern University Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 5 endorsements for Big Data 5 Big Data Endorsed by Kirk Borne, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 11 endorsements for SQL 11 SQL Endorsed by Kirk Borne, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Adrian’s colleagues at Uber Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Adrian has 7 honors 7 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Summa Cum Laude Anderson Scholar of Distinction Multicultural Scholar Wentworth Scholar President's List United World College Scholar Dean's List Adrian has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Industry Practicum Project at Walgreens Data Visualization - Divvy Bike - Network Flow Social Network Analytics - Marvel Universe Network Data Mining for Online retailer Adrian has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Adrian has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Statistical Filtering Analysis for the Mosaic Company’s Phosphoric Acid Production Process Interests TechCrunch 1,620,001 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers Fitbit 87,291 followers Northwestern Mutual 123,845 followers LinkedIn 2,127,884 followers Uber 601,311 followers See all See all following
More Actions Oshry has a account Oshry Ben-Harush Data Scientist, Senior Manager at EMC Dell Ben-Gurion university of the Negev Israel 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a data scientist and machine learning practitioner and manager with over 8 years of experience covering speech, text and image processing. I place high emphasis on team work, domain expertise and business orientation.Currently I lead a team of data scientists in Dell, focused in developing advanced, data driven solutions to answer complex and varied challenges for different business units and Dell customers. Prior to joining Dell I was part of the Data Leak Prevention (DLP) team in CheckPoint software technologies, where I was engaged in developing content based textual categorization and topic modeling systems. Before that I was heavily engaged in research and development of automated speech processing systems for speaker separation applications.I have a bachelors and master's degree in Electrical Engineering from the 'Ben-Gurion' University of the Negev. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Oshry’s Activity 856 followers Data Scientists and Product Managers, a Love Story Waiting to Happen Oshry liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist, Senior Manager Company Name Dell Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Beer-Sheva/Hertzlia Israel - Lead, grow and develop a team of data scientists providing services to different Dell business units and Dell customers- Develop the business, advisory and technical skills and career path of the team membersTrack the team’s performance while working on their engagements and work to optimize ROI for the business and expertise of the team members- Provide data-driven insights and business value by efficiently analyzing very large quantities of data from diverse domain areas- Understand and influence business processes in a large enterprise and conduct proper change management to obtain business value- Provide technical and algorithmic guidance to team members as they carry on their engagements Data Scientist, Manager Company Name EMC Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Beer-Sheva/Hertzlia Israel - Lead, grow and develop a team of data scientists providing services to different Dell business units and Dell customers- Develop the business, advisory and technical skills and career path of the team membersTrack the team’s performance while working on their engagements and work to optimize ROI for the business and expertise of the team members- Provide data-driven insights and business value by efficiently analyzing very large quantities of data from diverse domain areas- Understand and influence business processes in a large enterprise and conduct proper change management to obtain business value- Provide technical and algorithmic guidance to team members as they carry on their engagements Principal Data Scientist Company Name EMC Dates Employed May 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Beer-Sheva/Hertzlia, Israel - Provide insights and business value by identifying high value business problems, efficiently analyzing multiple sources of possibly large data sets and present the findings precisely and clearly- Obtain a deep understanding of the business requirements and processes- Master the data mining, machine learning and big data principles and technologies- Agile development of data-driven solutions to be used by the customers on their routine activity Software developer with the Data Loss Prevention (DLP) team at Check Point software technologies Company Name Check Point Software Technologies Dates Employed Dec 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Check Point’s DLP solution aims to prevent sensitive information from leaving the organization. - Code the functional rule base engine and develop machine learning algorithms to automatically prevent data loss- integrate these algorithms into the core product Research Company Name Ben Gurion University of the Negev Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Freelancer for a government agency in research and development of algorithms required for speaker diarization and recognition systems. Specialization: signal processing, machine learning, digital signal processing, C/C++ and MatLabStarting from a preliminary speaker diarization system written in MatLab that was later re-written in C++ to incorporate parallel processing, code optimization using Intel Math Kernel libraries and algorithm improvements. The system is now in production and being used as part of a general surveillance system. See more positions Education Ben-Gurion university of the Negev Degree Name Master of Science (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Electrical and Computers Engineering Grade 90 Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Specialization: Signal processing, stochastic processes, information theory, speech processing and machine learningThesis: Speaker diarization over telephone conversations. The research required comprehensive knowledge of machine learning and random processes as well as signal processing and information theory subjects. Implementing the diarization system required knowledge of simulation environments and programming languages such as MatLab and C/C++.The research was funded by a government agency and was chosen from several academia and commercial solutions. SCE Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Electrical and Computers Engineering Grade 90 Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Specialization: Signal processing, communication systems and speech processingEngineering project: Speaker segmentation and clustering over telephone channels. The project focused on research and implementation of automated speaker segmentation and clustering system. The research required self-learning of the theoretical and implementation aspects required. These included speech signal processing, machine learning algorithms and MatLab implementation. Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 43 endorsements for Machine Learning 43 Machine Learning Endorsed by Rahel Jhirad and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Oshry’s colleagues at Dell EMC Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 40 endorsements for Algorithms 40 Algorithms Endorsed by Raphael Cohen and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Oshry’s colleagues at Dell EMC Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 30 endorsements for Data Mining 30 Data Mining Endorsed by Flávio Mariano A P Carvalho, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Oshry’s colleagues at Dell EMC Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Shari Masafy MarCom Specialist at Shari Masafy - Marketing Communications for Business - www.marcomexpert.co.il August 4, 2016, Oshry worked with Shari in different groups I have been working together with Shari to develop marketing and communication material for the Data Science as a Service team in EMC. I have been discussing data science concepts with customers, partners and peers for a while now and with that Shari is truly exceptional in her capability to understand complex concepts and ideas and refine the key messages to be delivered to the audience. Shari is extremely focused at the task at hand, consistently delivers excellent content and value while driving our efforts towards a high quality final product. Dan Inbar VP Cloud Security and Operations at Pegasystems January 15, 2016, Oshry worked with Dan in different groups I was working with Dan for the last 4 years focused on developing advanced analytics and data science for the IT operations and security domains. Throughout that time Dan consistently adopted and promoted innovation, data driven business decision making and have shown deep understanding of advanced statistical and machine learning methodologies required to solve some of the more difficult challenges in these domains. Being rooted with the business, Dan was also able to push for adoption of innovative and advanced solutions while overcoming the usual obstacles in order to obtain the ROI and increase the bottom line. Accomplishments Oshry has 7 publications 7 Expand publications section Publications Initialization of Iterative-Based Speaker Diarization Systems for Telephone Conversation Incremental diarization of telephone conversations. Online Diarization of Telephone Conversations. Frame level entropy based overlapped speech detection as a pre-processing stage for speaker diarization Pure segment selection as speaker diarization post-processing. Segmental K-Means initialization for SOM-based speaker clustering. Weighted segmental k-means initialization for SOM-based speaker clustering Oshry has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hebrew Interests MongoDB 40,752 followers Software Engineering 5,089,790 followers BBC News 2,271,046 followers Engadget 644,674 followers Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,432 members Machine Learning Connection 46,676 members See all See all following
More Actions Nawras has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Nawras Abureehan Data Scientist, Growth Analytics Lalamove The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology Hong Kong 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Nawras’ Activity 1,006 followers Ken’s photo Nawras liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name Lalamove Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Hong Kong Senior Data Analyst Company Name Grovo Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Data Analyst Company Name Grovo Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Data Analyst Company Name Marketing Evolution Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area • Developed and explained output of Bi-Variate C/E, Logistical Multi-Variate models and PCA in addition to standard analyses such as correlations and moving averages.• Built higher efficiency data cleaning, analytics and visualization scripts in Python, R and S-Plus to automate, improve and innovate where is possible.• Managed 2-3 projects at any given time with minimal supervision and prioritized tasks to meet deadline.• Executed projects with high-profile clients including Cox Communications, Best Buy, Wal-Mart, Citi Bank and Time Inc.• Identified, diagnosed and solved analytical problems independently, collaborated with Client Services and Software team to ensure results match reasonable expectations and hypotheses, and communicated findings with clients through email and phone calls. Growth & Data Scientist (Intern) Company Name Accelerate Product Partners, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area See more positions Education The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Big Data Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Middlebury College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Majors in Biochemistry and Economics. Minor in Mathematics. Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Badminton Club, Middlebury Asian Students Organization, Kappa Delta Rho. Red Cross Nordic United World College Degree Name International Baccalaureate Diploma Field Of Study Biology, Chemistry, English at Higher Level, Arabic, Mathematics, Human Rights at Standard Level Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Do Remember Other People Charity Organization Bergum Mottak Refuge Center Model United Nations Leirskula (Camp School) for Kids (Biking). Fishing (Project Week). World Today (Discussion and Debate) Volunteer Experience Advertising Company Name Do Remember Other People (DROP) Dates volunteered Jul 2008 – Apr 2010 Volunteer duration 1 yr 10 mos Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 46 endorsements for Data Analysis 46 Data Analysis Endorsed by Joel Vazquez and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Nawras’ colleagues at Grovo Click and drag to reorder skills R See 16 endorsements for R 16 R Endorsed by 2 of Nawras’ colleagues at Grovo Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 11 endorsements for Python 11 Python Gori LYU and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Jahna Rosenberg Director, Analytics at Marketing Evolution April 10, 2015, Jahna managed Nawras directly When Nawras started at Marketing Evolution, he was able to get ramped up very quickly and started providing quality work for clients, even while still in the midst of his training. He has very high technical skills in R/Splus and Python and was able to balance both client work and internal developmental work. I fully endorse Nawras for any opportunity that requires intensive data analysis and project management. He is very reliable and I could always count on him to meet or even beat his deadlines. Joel Vazquez Associate Vice President, Marketing Evolution April 10, 2015, Joel managed Nawras directly Nawras was a pleasure to work with. He is very thorough and detail-oriented. At Marketing Evolution, Nawras successfully managed several projects at any given time with minimal supervision and was always ready for any challenges that required his attention to detail. An important aspect of his performance that allowed him to contribute on several projects was his sense of independence and judgement when problems arose. On every project, he displayed an outstanding knowledge of statistical/programming languages such as R/S-plus and Python as well as statistical concepts such as logistic regression and bi-variate c/e. He wrote clean and concise code that allowed for everyone to collaborate on his work when needed. Nawras’ drive for continued improvement highlights what makes him such a valuable teammate. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nawras has 17 courses 17 Expand courses section Courses Big Data Computing Computing for the Sciences Data Mining Foundations of Data Analytics Game Theory Imaging Analytics and Recognition Systems Intro to Statistical Science Machine Learning Mathematical Method for Data Analytics Mathematical Models in Social and Life Sciences Nawras has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English Japanese Nawras has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Middlebury UWC Davis Scholar Nawras has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Chemical Society Nawras has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score GRE Math Interests Dr. Hossein EslambolchiDr. Hossein Eslambolchi is a LinkedIn Influencer Technical Advisor at Facebook 316,966 followers Accelerate-IT Advisors (AITA) 228 followers Big Data 5,065,236 followers Dharmesh ShahDharmesh Shah is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CTO at HubSpot 752,619 followers Data Science Central 291,511 members Middlebury College Network 3,127 members See all See all following
More Actions Varun has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Varun Aggarwal Senior Assistant Vice President at EXL EXL Delhi School of Economics Gurgaon, Haryana, India 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Over 9 years of experience in analytics, predictive modeling, consulting and modeling methodology trainings Research Papers:1. Retail Credit Risk Model Validation: Performance and Stability Aspects (presented by the co-author at 4th IIMA International Conference Apr 11-12, 2015, Ahmedabad, India)2. Feature Selection and Dimension Reduction Techniques in SAS (presented by the co-author at NESUG Conference Sep 11-14, 2011, Portland, ME, US) 3. Ensemble Hybrid Logit Model (KDD Cup 2010)4. Should I Build a Segmented Model? A Practitioner’s Perspective (presented at 2nd IIMA International Conference Jan 8-9, 2011, Ahmedabad, India and by the co-author at NYASUG Conference Jan 14, 2010, Pace University, NY, US)5. Proc Logistic Plus: The Power of Variable Transformations (presented by one of the co-authors at NESUG Conference Sep 14-17, 2008, Pittsburgh, PA, US) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Assistant Vice President Company Name EXL Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Gurgaon, India Responsible for:• Leading off-shore delivery for a multi-million dollar US-based banking account, involving validation, monitoring and tracking of 150+ credit risk and fraud models by managing a team of 40 professionals• Managing development of a web-based product for banking domain from business side by leading a team of SMEs for statistical concepts and partnering with Technology team • Initiatives like EXL Excellence Quotient (case study contest) successfully running across IITs, campus recruitment at premier institutes in India, new hire training on modelling methodology• Content development of trainings around advanced statistical concepts• SAS macros toolkit development, management and expansion Assistant Vice President Company Name EXL Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Gurgaon, India Responsible for:• Leading India delivery for a banking client project in credit risk domain• Initiatives like campus recruitment, new hire training on methodology• Content development of trainings around advanced statistical concepts• SAS macros toolkit development and management Sr. Data Scientist Company Name EXL Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Gurgaon, India / Texas, US Responsible for:• Methodology project management (India team)• SAS macros toolkit development and management• Advising modeling methodology across projects (as per the need)• Methodology trainings for new hires and content development• Data mining and analysis• Methodology R&D Modeler Company Name EXL Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Gurgaon, India Statistical analysis, client dealing, predictive modeling, research papers Jr. Modeler / Analyst Company Name EXL Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Gurgaon, India Predictive Modeling and SAS Coding Education Delhi School of Economics Degree Name M.A. Field Of Study Economics Grade First Division Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Delhi University Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Economics Grade First Division Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 NCJPS Degree Name A.I.S.S.C.E. Field Of Study Commerce with Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements SAS See 44 endorsements for SAS 44 SAS Endorsed by Ashish Garg and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Varun’s colleagues at EXL Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Modeling See 35 endorsements for Predictive Modeling 35 Predictive Modeling Endorsed by Gaurav Taneja and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Varun’s colleagues at EXL Click and drag to reorder skills Logistic Regression See 25 endorsements for Logistic Regression 25 Logistic Regression Endorsed by Divyanshu Suri, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Varun’s colleagues at EXL Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (3) Nagendra Shishodia Global Head Analytics Products & VP at EXL Analytics August 26, 2016, Nagendra was senior to Varun but didn’t manage directly I’ve known Varun since he joined our firm in 2007. Over this period, I’ve collaborated with him on a number of initiatives and have seen him grow as a true analytics professional. His continuous desire to keep enhancing his knowledge base has kept him ahead of his peer group. He is always sought after by his colleagues whenever they need to discuss complex methodology problems. He has also contributed significantly in developing analytics IP for the firm. Another area where I’ve found Varun exceptional is his level of professionalism. He sets high standards of work ethics for himself. He has the reputation of someone who can be depended on – even when being asked to do something beyond his normal responsibilities. He is truly admired by everyone in the firm for his integrity and character. He generates lot of respect from his team members because of his commitment for developing each one of them to be successful in analytics profession. Sassoon Kosian Experienced Data Science Leader - now hiring January 23, 2015, Sassoon managed Varun directly I have worked with Varun for 4+ years. Varun is an exceptional professional, and there is no exaggeration in this statement. Some of his greatest qualities are personal and professional integrity, dependability, a very high quality of work and a very high level of commitment to work. Whenever I ask Varun to produce something I know that I will get a superb output, it doesn't matter what it is. Varun attaches great importance to everything he does no matter if it is something high priority or something routine.Varun is also highly respected and valued by his peers and juniors. He will go out of his way to help anyone who needs his help be it related to SAS programming or advanced statistical techniques. Varun is a great asset in EXL Decision Analytics and I am happy to have him as part of our Data Science group. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Varnith Chordia Masters in Data Science | Actively Seeking Data Science Internship for 2017 January 30, 2017, Varun managed Varnith directly I have worked with Varnith for 3+ years. He is a proven data scientist who is always hungry for analytics and delivers more than expected. He worked for my team, while we were setting up a project for retail card division for a top 5 US Bank. Despite being one of the least experienced members in the team, he showed great dedication and hard work to be at par with others in decision making. Varnith is always willing to invest time in understanding the business and help develop cutting-edge solutions. He has a good understanding of risk analytics and has developed complex statistical algorithms for an EXL Intellectual Property product, besides working on client engagement. Not surprisingly, Varnith was among the rarest of rare professionals, who moved two levels up within less than three years! He also competed with a bunch of fellow professionals and bagged a prestigious ‘Mastermind’ award for his innovative contributions to client engagement and EXL IP. It was a treat to work with him. Given his exceptional performance throughout his stint at EXL, I recommend him without hesitation. SUKHVINDER SINGH DANG Assistant Manager Administration & Facilities May 9, 2013, Varun worked with SUKHVINDER SINGH in different groups Sukhvinder knows how to get the job done. His turnaround time is pretty quick. On personal grounds, he is very cheerful and full of positive energies. We are lucky to have him. I believe he will be very successful in his career ahead. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Varun has 9 honors 9 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Dimension: DA Banking Career Fair 2015 - Winners Innovation Award 2015 Intellectual Capital Development Award Base SAS Programmer Certificate of Paper Presentation Mr. Good Attitude Intellectual Capital Development Award Note of Appreciation Certificate of Appreciation Interests Marketing & Advertising 14,745,656 followers Delhi School of Economics 9,049 followers Customer Experience 5,175,999 followers EXL Analytics 1,401 followers Delhi University 419,984 followers Big Data and Analytics 330,678 members See all See all following
More Actions Riley has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Riley Newman Data Science Executive Airbnb.com University of Cambridge San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Director of Data Science Company Name Airbnb.com Dates Employed May 2010 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Joined Airbnb as its first data scientist, working among fewer than ten employees out of the founders' apartment. 6 years later, at the time of my departure, we had connected millions of guests and hosts from around the world and were valued at $30 billion. Most importantly, I believe we helped make globalization more sustainable - environmentally, culturally, and economically.My early years were hands-on, mostly focused on growing our two-sided marketplace. This is a topic that appealed to my background in economics, and many of the early frameworks I put in place are still in use today. In 2012, I stepped into a management role and began focusing on building a strong team. My vision was a centralized organization embedded in cross-functional project groups, leveraging cutting-edge infrastructure and tools, and drawing from a common warehouse that would serve as our single source of truth.I decided to move on in the summer of 2016, at a time when the data science org had over 100 members and they mapped to every strategic initiative in the company. Media (5) This position has 5 media Previous Next Scaling Airbnb's data science over 5 years of hypergrowth Scaling Airbnb's data science over 5 years of hypergrowth This media is a link Meet the market shapers Meet the market shapers This media is a link Improving Diversity on Airbnb's Data Science Team Improving Diversity on Airbnb's Data Science Team This media is a link Airbnb Says Data Is "Lifeblood' of Fast-Growing Business Airbnb Says Data Is "Lifeblood' of Fast-Growing Business This media is a link Why Airbnb Has a Data Scientist on Every Leadership Team Why Airbnb Has a Data Scientist on Every Leadership Team This media is a link BM2 Company Name U.S. Coast Guard Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 10 yrs 1 mo I spent 10 years working as an active reservist, which paid my way through college. I spent the first half of my time with the Coast Guard's first rapid response security team (MSST 91101); I spent the second half conducting search and rescue operations in the San Francisco bay. Senior Research Associate Company Name Beacon Economics Dates Employed Jan 2008 – May 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Economic research and forecasting. Trying to understand why the recession occurred and how to mitigate its effects.Managed multiple projects for the firm and led a team of researchers. Emphasis on automated ETL processes and forecasting. Intern Company Name United Nations Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Dec 2005 Employment Duration 5 mos Location UNHQ, NYC Provided support at the General Assembly and Security Council for the UNODC. Education University of Cambridge Degree Name MPhil Field Of Study Applied Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Marshall Society, Men's Lacrosse University of Washington Degree Name BA Field Of Study International Studies (Honors) Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Men's Lacrosse (Captain/President), Phi Beta Kappa University of Washington Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 16 endorsements for Research 16 Research Endorsed by 4 of Riley’s colleagues at Airbnb Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 15 endorsements for Data Analysis 15 Data Analysis Endorsed by Aaron Keys and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Riley’s colleagues at Airbnb Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 11 endorsements for Analysis 11 Analysis Jeff Feng and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Reid HoffmanReid Hoffman is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur. Product Strategist. Investor. 1,398,009 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,855,124 followers Airbnb 359,301 followers Hunter WalkHunter Walk is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at Homebrew VC (fmr YouTube, Google, Second Life product lead) 810,901 followers University of Cambridge 292,264 followers University of Washington 357,817 followers See all See all following
More Actions Zahra has a account Zahra Ferdowsi Data Scientist at Snapchat, Inc. Snapchat, Inc. DePaul University Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Snapchat, Inc. Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Los Angeles Area Data Scientist Company Name Groupon Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Chicago, IL - Analyze user web behavior data to reduce the bounce rate.- Work with merchant and sales data to create a list of best merchants for the sales team to contact.- Propose a predictive model to asses return rate of the merchants (patent approved).- Create data mining systems for marketing and customer service departments to optimize the processes. Research Asistant Company Name DePaul University Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Chicago, IL Create a typology of City of Chicago using data mining techniques for urban study of Chicago neighborhoods using real estate and socio-economical data.Discover change patterns in Chicago neighborhoods in the last three decades, using cluster analysis techniques and probabilistic models. Research Intern Company Name Accenture Technology Labs Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Chicago, IL Create new active learning technique to improve the machine learning application performance by sampling the best and most informative health insurance claims for labeling and using as the training set. Data Mining Specialist Company Name CompuCo Inter. S.A Dates Employed May 2007 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Developed ad-hoc reports on bank customers for the risk management purposes.Created predictive models to find the potential bank customers for direct marketing purposes. Education DePaul University Degree Name Doctorate Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2015 Activities and Societies: DePaul ACM-W, Upsilon Pi Epsilon Develop new active learning techniques for machine learning application focused on imbalance class distribution. Isfahan University of Technology Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Computer Engineering Tarbiat Modares University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Information Technology Sytems Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 98 endorsements for Data Mining 98 Data Mining Endorsed by Rajesh Parekh and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Zahra’s colleagues at Groupon Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 89 endorsements for Machine Learning 89 Machine Learning Endorsed by GholamReza Haffari and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Zahra’s colleagues at Groupon Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Modeling See 39 endorsements for Predictive Modeling 39 Predictive Modeling Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Zahra’s colleagues at Groupon Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jayne Spottswood UX Architect at Paylocity August 22, 2012, Zahra was Jayne’s mentor Jayne has successfully helped UPE advertise and organize events, as well as its social media presence. As Secretary, her projects included building our Facebook and LinkedIn presence, creating event flyers, using social media to increase event awareness, helping organize UPE events, and recording meeting minutes. Jayne is thorough and enjoys helping UPE communicate with both its members and the College of Computing and Digital Media at DePaul University. I'd recommend her for any project that requires dedication, positive energy, and knowledge of written communications, social media, and/or design. Accomplishments Zahra has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Online Active Learning with Imbalanced Classes An Online Strategy for Safe Active Learning Project Quality Management Zahra has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Jim Nolen Scholarship PhD scholarship Zahra has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Method, apparatus, and computer program product for determining a provider return rate Interests Google 4,871,528 followers Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,432 members Snapchat, Inc. 95,753 followers RDataMining: R and Data Mining 25,912 members DePaul's College of Computing and Digital Media 3,375 members Data Science Central 291,511 members See all See all following
More Actions Florian has a account Florian Wilhelm Data Scientist inovex GmbH Karlsruher Institut für Technologie (KIT) Köln, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Scientist with project experience in the field of predictive analytics and big data. Profound knowledge in the domains mathematical modelling, statistics, machine learning, high-performance computing and data mining. Good programming skills in Python, SQL, R, Java, C/C++, Matlab and Fortran. Contributor to open-source software like Scikit-Learn und SciPy. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Florian’s Activity 517 followers Why my company should be a sponsor of the PyCon.DE 2017 Florian liked Nice to be mentioned in today´s Wall Street Journal, on page 1. AI-based priced optimization: https://lnkd.in/d4U7jfW Florian liked I just added a SlideShare to my profile Florian shared this See all activity Experience Senior Big Data Scientist Company Name inovex GmbH Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Köln und Umgebung, Deutschland Consultant for Data Science, mathematical modelling and Big Data maximizing the benefits of the digital transformation for our customers. Tasks:• building a recommendation engine for a large e-commerce company (mobile.de),• building a user profile service for a large online market place,• analyses in causal inference to increase customer transparency when booking online features,• project lead and supervision of bachelor/master students,• support of PreSales activities. Senior Professional: Data Scientist Company Name CSC - Computer Sciences Corporation Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Cologne Consultant for advanced Data Science, Big Data and Analytics solutions:• Data Scientist in an industrial Predictive Maintenance project,• trainer of Junior colleagues in Data Science,• support of PreSales activities, i.e. presentations, customer events, preparation of offers andcost estimation. Senior Data Scientist Company Name Blue Yonder GmbH Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Karlsruhe und Umgebung, Deutschland Predictive analytics and statistical modelling in Big Data projects:• demand forecasts and replenishment for a consumer packaged goods company as projectleader. Development of new methods to handle out-of-stock situations,• forecasts of the production costs with respect to the commodity market for a large manufacturingcompany as project leader,• optimizations of the algorithms for trade promotion management in an integrated salesplatform for the consumer goods industry,• forecasts of price developments and market trends of raw materials for a large chemicalproducer,• demand forecasts for a global discount supermarket chain,• participation in the development of the Blue Yonder Forward Demand product,• tutor in the Data Science Academy,• contributions to open-source projects like Scikit-Learn, SciPy, PyScaffold and PyDSE. Research Assistant & PostDoc Company Name Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) / University of Karlsruhe (TH) Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Karlsruhe, Germany • head of the Research Lab for Application and Innovation at the Institute of Applied andNumerical Mathematics at KIT as Postdoc since 02/2012,• work on the BMBF-funded Scalable Earth-System-Models for High Productivity ClimateSimulations (ScalES) project und supervision of the KIT student team for the StudentCluster Challenge 2012 on the International Supercomputing Conference in Hamburg asresearch assistant,• project management and supervision of students. Student Employee Company Name Siemens Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Karlsruhe Planning and execution of the migration of the integration department to VMware LabManager. See more positions Education Karlsruher Institut für Technologie (KIT) Degree Name Dr. rer. nat. Field Of Study Mathematik Grade 1,0 "magna cum laude" Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Universität Karlsruhe (TH) Degree Name Diplom Field Of Study Mathematik Grade 1,3 Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2008 Leibniz Gymnasium (Neustadt a.d.W.) Degree Name Abitur Grade 1,8 Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 27 endorsements for Python 27 Python Endorsed by Christopher Prohm, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Florian’s colleagues at inovex GmbH Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 14 endorsements for Data Mining 14 Data Mining Endorsed by Hans-Peter Zorn, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Florian’s colleagues at inovex GmbH Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 13 endorsements for Machine Learning 13 Machine Learning Hans-Peter Zorn and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Florian has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Continuum Analytics' Python for Science Training Exasol Certified Performance Expert Novell Certified Linux Administrator LPI Level 1 Certified Scrum Product Owner® Florian has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Deutsch Englisch Französisch Schwedisch Florian has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project HiFlow³ Interests CSC 496,288 followers Data Science Collective 5,343 members inovex GmbH 524 followers DXC Technology 521,674 followers KIT-Alumni 4,866 members Mathematical and Statistical Modeling 9,412 members See all See all following
More Actions Szilard has a account Szilard Pafka Chief Data Scientist at Epoch Epoch Eötvös University, Budapest (ELTE) Santa Monica, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent ● Expert data scientist with a wide-range of analytical, technical, business and leadership skills● Deep theoretical knowledge (PhD) and extensive practical experience in performing advanced data analysis and developing analytical systems focused on achieving business goals● 15+ years experience in the entire life-cycle of data analysis: business understanding, data acquisition, exploratory data analysis, data cleaning, advanced statistical modeling, machine learning, model validation, technical implementation and deployment, communication of results to management and other information consumers● Expert R user and developer (R is the leading software for data analysis, statistical modeling and visualization)● Author of one of the best known benchmarks of open source machine learning tools github.com/szilard/benchm-ml (1000+ stars on github)● Regular speaker at conferences and meetups, and visiting university professor teaching data science and machine learning● Leader of a local data community: founder/organizer of the LA R, Data Science/Machine Learning, and Python Data Science LA meetups, and the website datascience.la● Extensive technical skills across a vast array of technologies related to data and beyond, for example programming, server admin, databases/data stores, web, cloud computing, big data, machine learning, deep learning, workflow, e.g. R, Python, Ruby, C, C++, bash, Linux admin, MySQL, DW/BI, Rstudio shiny, ETL, Vertica, Redshift, NoSQL, Apache, HTML, CSS, Javascript, EC2, Hadoop, Hive, Impala, Spark, H2O, VW, xgboost, keras, Tensorflow, mxnet, git/svn, reproducible data analysis (knitr, R markdown), Latex, vagrant, ansible, docker● Excellent communication skills and extensive experience in advising top management (CEO, COO) from strategy to day-to-day operations● Significant contributions to the bottom line by data-driven management decision support and optimization of business processes (multi-million dollar revenue increases/cost savings) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Szilard’s Articles & Activity 599 followers No-Bullshit Data Science Szilard Pafka on LinkedIn See 2 more articles Machine Learning in Production with Szilard Pafka Szilard commented I'm honored to be a keynote speaker at the R/Finance conference in Chicago http://www.rinfinance.com/ Szilard shared this I'll talk about the main steps involved in having machine learning models in production at a meetup in Los Angeles, RSVP here: https://lnkd.in/gVuyk9B Szilard shared this See all activity Experience Chief Scientist (Chief Data Scientist) Company Name Epoch Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 4 mos Location Santa Monica, California ● Responsible for company-wide analytics (data analysis, statistical modeling, data mining, predictive modeling, machine learning, data visualization etc.) Visiting Professor Company Name Central European University Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos ● Teaching Data Science/Machine Learning in the MSc in Business Analytics program (concentrated in a 2-week period/year) Risk Manager Company Name CIB Bank Dates Employed Sep 2001 – Jan 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos ● Responsible for market risk modeling (statistical modeling, market risk reports, risk management proposals to the Bank's top management etc.) Education Eötvös University, Budapest (ELTE) Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Statistical Modeling/Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2004 Applications of statistical physics methods to financial risk management – completed summa cum laude Central European University, Budapest (CEU) Degree Name MA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Eötvös University, Budapest (ELTE) Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 See more education Volunteer Experience Founder & Organizer Company Name Los Angeles Data Meetups: LA R, DataVis, Data Science/Machine Learning, Python Data Science, DW/BI Dates volunteered Feb 2009 – Present Volunteer duration 8 yrs 4 mos Cause Science and Technology Volunteer founder/co-founder and organizer of several data meetups in LA: R, DataVis, Data Science/Machine Learning, Python Data Science, Data Warehouse/Business Intelligence/Analytics. Organized monthly events with talks by industry leaders and networking for attendees (100-200 attending regularly). Events are free for anyone to attend and are contributing to the advancement of the data science profession and to building a data science community in LA. Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistical Modeling See 37 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 37 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Derek Norton and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 34 endorsements for Data Mining 34 Data Mining Endorsed by Dean Abbott and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 32 endorsements for Machine Learning 32 Machine Learning Endorsed by Dean Abbott and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Patrick has a account Patrick McCarthy Data scientist at Dstillery Dstillery UCLA New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Dstillery Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Data Scientist Company Name eXelate, A Nielsen Company Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location New York City Full stack data scientist, intensively involved in ETL, production modeling, visualization and client interaction.- Designed and built end-to-end modeling pipelines against 1bn+ records in R both for general production and secure remote environments- Built several hundred real-time scoring models from multi-gigabyte sparse-featuredatasets, including many where p >> n- Implemented high-performance concurrent ETL system Python, EC2 and S3- Researched novel applications of statistical practice to business problems, including latent class analysis, Bayesian inference- Developed process automation and dashboard applications in Python, R d3.js Data Scientist Company Name eXelate Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Statistics MS Student Company Name UCLA Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Thesis: A Study on Conditional Likelihood Estimation for Survey SamplingBayesian analysis, social networks, hierarchical models, MCMC and sampling methods. Proficiency in R, SAS and WinBUGS, experience with parallel computing. Statistical Consultant Company Name Eric Garcetti for Mayor Dates Employed Apr 2013 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Mined the campaign’s donor database for insights, discovered trends to identify potential repeat donors and presented recommendations to campaign staff. Further details: http://goo.gl/SDERNa See more positions Education UCLA Degree Name MS Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Boston University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Economics and Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Office of Residence Life, BU Shakespeare Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 15 endorsements for Statistics 15 Statistics Endorsed by Neal Fultz and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Patrick’s colleagues at eXelate, A Nielsen Company Click and drag to reorder skills R See 12 endorsements for R 12 R Endorsed by Yi (Jacky) Yi and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Patrick’s colleagues at eXelate, A Nielsen Company Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 11 endorsements for Data Analysis 11 Data Analysis Endorsed by Neal Fultz and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Patrick has 13 courses 13 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Modeling and Inference Applied Probability Bayesian Analysis Intermediate SAS Mathematical Statistics Matrix Algebra and Optimization Monte Carlo Methods for Optimization Project Management Regression Analysis Research Design, Sampling and Analysis Patrick has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Campaign Donation Analysis LA Sheriff's Office Corruption Investigation Medicare Pay-for-Performance Visualization Patrick has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification ITIL Foundations Patrick has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Patrick has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication A Study on Conditional Likelihood Estimation for Survey Sampling Interests Dstillery 4,482 followers Boston University Alumni 42,305 members Analytics Media Group 600 followers eXelate, A Nielsen Company 4,958 followers Boston University Students, Alumni, Faculty and Staff Members Networking group. 20,938 members Pulse 1,535,222 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Daniel Byler Lead Data Scientist at Deloitte Deloitte Texas A&M University Annandale, Virginia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I love data and have built my professional life around using it to try to both ask and answer practical questions people can act on. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Daniel’s Activity 1,474 followers I'm really happy the team I work on at Deloitte in collaboration with MIT and Datawheel was able to win a Webby award for Data USA Daniel shared this See all activity Experience Lead Data Scientist [Manager Level] Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Arlington, VA - Lead/manage multiple analytical projects across a variety of industries using techniques ranging from classic econometrics to text analytics- Design new analytical projects- Write and publish analytically driven research CEO Company Name Tangible LLC Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 7 yrs 8 mos - Managed simultaneous development of multiple applications - Created vision for new applications- Recruited new members to work at the firm- Made final hiring decisions - Designed software to help medical mission workers network and collaborate more efficiently. Data Scientist [Senior Consultant Level] Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Arlington, VA - Combined disparate hardware, software, and vendor relationships from within Deloitte into a state of the art technical infrastructure for use by our research group- Designed and executed on multiple data driven research projects across different industries Senior Consultant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area - Managed rotating team of 20 practitioners who performed tasks above and beyond their project work for the Center for Risk Modeling and Simulation. - Performed and presented analysis targeting over $6 billion in cost savings to DoD leadership.- Used SQL and VB to implement an automated error detection program that resulted in the correction of hundreds of errors in the systems governing $9 billion of FDIC’s payments.- Built financial performance metrics for Immigrations and Customs Enforcement governing $200M.- Developed and received funding to implement a firm-wide strategy to respond to potential entitlement reforms.- Created, led, and developed leaders within a team of 24 to improve prosecution rates of child abusers in Bolivia by creating software for a Bolivian children’s advocacy mission. - Worked to stand up new practice in text analytics and agent based modeling within Deloitte. Data Analyst Company Name Tarter Econometric Consulting, Inc Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 12 mos -Improved on pre-existing models for forecasting commodities markets -Dramatically improved back-testing procedures See more positions Education Texas A&M University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Statistics Grade Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 I completed a Masters in Statistics from Texas A&M focusing on a variety of data analysis techniques in SAS and R. The College of William and Mary Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics, Government Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Varsity Swimming and Diving 2005-2007; WM Speed Readers (President and Founder) 2007-2008; Intervarsity Christian Fellowship (2005-2009) Graduated Summa Cum Laude and completed two quantitative honors theses:Economics Honors Thesis: "Investigations into Alternate Sources of Disturbance and Bias in the Implied Volatility Surface"Government Honors Thesis: "Social Networks and Political Attitudes"; Graduate Coursework in Cross Section and Time Series Econometrics; Significant Undergraduate Coursework on they dynamics of the US political system;Monroe Scholar; Provost Award PHS Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 72 endorsements for Data Analysis 72 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Daniel’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 36 endorsements for Statistics 36 Statistics Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Daniel’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 34 endorsements for Analysis 34 Analysis Joseph Hart and 33 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Zachary Murray Software Development Engineer at Amazon January 9, 2012, Zachary reported directly to Daniel Daniel is, without question, one of the most outstanding business leaders I've met. While working with him at Tangible, I was able to witness firsthand his passion and drive to lead effectively. Daniel routinely made tough calls concerning the day-to-day business of the firm, including responsibilities such as hiring, finance, and legal operations. Daniel is an unparalleled business visionary and entrepreneur, and I consider it an honor to have worked with him. Amorette Yang Chief, Community Programs and Policy Initiatives May 20, 2013, Daniel reported directly to Amorette Amorette is an exceptionally hard worker who is driven to deliver meaningful results for her clients. Even compared to other good performers at Deloitte, she stood out as being intellectually gifted and will quickly adapt to any situation. Amorette is also a team player who can work with a wide variety of people and personalities in a constructive way. I am confident she will enjoy success in whatever she chooses to do. Rachel Ellis Customer Account Executive March 21, 2012, Daniel was a client of Rachel’s Rachel designed logos for both of the major applications my firm runs. She was not only responsive and timely in her responses to our comments but has produced logos that I think have the chance of standing the test of time. This is the ultimate test of a logo and we appreciate the good work she did for us and would consider her in the future for design needs. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Daniel has 11 publications 11 Expand publications section Publications The arc of innovation in the oil and gas industry Data USA Tracking innovation in oil and gas patents: The role and influence of the US Department of Energy Who Controls The Fastest-Growing Portion Of The Federal Budget? Not Congress Health care fraud and abuse enforcement: Relationship scrutiny Accountability quantified What 26 years of GAO reports can teach us about government management Enforcement actions in the banking industry - Trends and lessons learned Passion at work: Cultivating worker passion as a cornerstone of talent development The Untold Story of America's Debt The Pivotal Roles of Supply and Demand in Option-Pricing: The Reality Beyond Black-Scholes Daniel has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Advanced SAS Programming Applied Analytics (SAS Enterprise Miner) Applied Bayesian Methods Categorical Data Analysis Multivariate Analysis (PCA, etc.) Overview of Mathematical Statistics (Distributions) Regression Analysis Statistical Computations Statistical Methods I Statistical Methods II (Experimental Design) Daniel has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests State Budget Solutions 43 followers College of William and Mary Alumni Network 17,548 members Text Mining 11,504 members Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,770,133 followers Deloitte Employees and Alumni 54,769 members Data Scientists 49,118 members See all See all following
More Actions Qi(Vincent) has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Qi(Vincent) Zhao Data Scientist at SEMrush iknow.ai Florida State University Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Quick Learner, Highly self-motivated, Multicultural AwarenessI have 4 year academical experience in Canada and 2 year in USA. Now, I have excellent comprehension and retention.2+ years experience on data analysis gives me strong technical, analytical, and decision making skills. I have ability to organize and prioritize work appropriately. Also, I can demonstrate an independent work initiative, sound judgment and attention to detail.Specialties:• SAS programming • SQL query • Data mining • Data modeling • Advance Excel See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Qi(Vincent)’s Articles 850 followers WAS GOOGLE’S NEW “PHANTOM 3” UPDATE REAL? Qi(Vincent) Zhao on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 22, 2015 See all articles Experience NLP consultant Company Name iknow.ai Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Developing NLP models, building AI customer service robot Data Scientist Company Name SEMrush Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Trevose, PA Maintain a rigorous publishing schedule that will consistently present our data periodically.Send API queries for presentations of data using PERL, PHP and JavaScript (using YQL) in web applications, widgets and dashboards.Determine the best analytical methods leveraging statistical and analytical best practicesGrow the audience and satisfy publishing and publicity partners.Integrate multiple data sources to tell a story. Present data analysis of importance to particular industries, prove causations, present correlations, to discover facts and relationships.Create exposure into new outlets, increase awareness and build readership.Provide analyses to help SEMrush gain value in the eyes of our market when related to visibility in search, CPC, Google algorithm updates, market conditions, trends, strategies and tactics.Continuously improve algorithms and develop best practices for instrumentation and experimentationWork with product owner teams to collect, clean, and load datasets" Media (2) This position has 2 media SEMrush Presents the Most Expensive Google AdWords [Infographic] SEMrush Presents the Most Expensive Google AdWords [Infographic] This media is a link WAS GOOGLE'S NEW "PHANTOM 3" UPDATE REAL? WAS GOOGLE'S NEW "PHANTOM 3" UPDATE REAL? This media is a link Statistics Tutor Company Name Tutor.com Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Data Scientist (Intern) Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos •Diving in, understanding, and working with large datasets containing millions of records •Executing on data cleaning and manipulation •Sending API queries for presentation of data using Python. Research Assistant Company Name Statistical Consulting Center at Florida State University Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Tallahassee, Florida Area • Manipulated, cleansed, and processed data using Excel, Access.• Used R created classification model (clustering) for river pollution.• Established on the methodologies for carrying out effectual data analysis.• Updated the decision tree and wrote a report. See more positions Education Florida State University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Applied statistics Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Activities and Societies: FSUCSSA Best First Year Student in Theoretical Statistics University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelor of Mathematics Field Of Study Actuarial Science & Statistics Grade 3.5 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 •Term Dean's Honours List•University of Waterloo President's Scholarship•Graduation with Distinction Volunteer Experience Executive member Company Name Florida State University Chinese Student Scholar Association Dates volunteered Oct 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 8 mos Cause Education • Vice president Chinese Student Scholar Association (CSSA).• Collaborated with various companies.• Acquired fund from small business in Tallahassee. Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 42 endorsements for R 42 R Endorsed by Jie Li and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Qi(Vincent)’s colleagues at SEMrush Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 25 endorsements for Data Analysis 25 Data Analysis Endorsed by Jie Li and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Qi(Vincent)’s colleagues at SEMrush Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 14 endorsements for Data Mining 14 Data Mining Endorsed by 4 of Qi(Vincent)’s colleagues at SEMrush Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (4) John Connolly Contributing Digital Marketing Writer with Consumer Affairs seeking new opportunities September 10, 2016, Qi(Vincent) worked with John in the same group Qi is an extremely intelligent and capable data scientist that I have had the pleasure to work with at SEMrush. He has a solid analytical research background that has become an integral part to the company's data marketing research. He collaborated with me on several complex case studies and blogs where having the correct data was critical towards establishing the material's authenticity. Qi was a collaborative co-worker in every sense of the term. He was a master at his craft and was always willing to help the rest of his team. He would be an asset to any company he works for and I hope I have the opportunity to work alongside him again. Phillip (P.K.) Brooks Digital Marketing and Creative Strategist at Commexis September 8, 2016, Phillip (P.K.) managed Qi(Vincent) directly For content creation, having a data scientist was a luxury that I never knew I needed until I had one at my disposal. Qi is exceptional at what he does. He understands how to express complicated data in a way that even the most untrained layman (like me) can understand. He's hard-working, intelligent and coachable and you couldn't ask for a better employee. I heartily endorse Qi. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations John Connolly Contributing Digital Marketing Writer with Consumer Affairs seeking new opportunities September 8, 2016, John worked with Qi(Vincent) in the same group It's been a real pleasure working together with John in the past. John is a forward thinking, efficient, insightful and great expert, I was impressed with the depth of knowledge he possesses. Always maintains very good relation with co-workers and clients.Intelligent, strong and precise Writer. Efficient and reliable team player with great interpersonal skills. He is an asset to any company. Phillip (P.K.) Brooks Digital Marketing and Creative Strategist at Commexis September 8, 2016, Qi(Vincent) reported directly to Phillip (P.K.) Phillip is one of the most valuable people I have ever met. I can recommend him as a person with great experience and deep knowledge of business solutions. Phillip is a broad-minded, achievement oriented and passionate Content manager - his exceptional workflow, skills, knowledge and understanding of dependencies made the project a dream. Reliable professional. Phillip is probably one of the best team leader I have ever met in my life and one of the smartest co-workers I've ever worked with. Always takes care of the job. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Qi(Vincent) has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Machine Learning SAS Certified Advanced Programmer for SAS 9 SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9 Exam 4/C - Construction and Evaluation of Actuarial Models Exam 2/FM - Financial Mathematics Exam 1/P - Probability Qi(Vincent) has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Best First Year Student in Theoretical Statistics University of Waterloo President's Scholarship Qi(Vincent) has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Interests Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,357,323 followers SAS Users Group 8,202 members SEMrush_es 309 followers SEMrush 7,272 followers Florida State University 227,573 followers Social Media & SEO - Inbound Marketing Community 47,628 members See all See all following
More Actions Patrick has a account Patrick McCarthy Data scientist at Dstillery Dstillery UCLA New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Dstillery Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Data Scientist Company Name eXelate, A Nielsen Company Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location New York City Full stack data scientist, intensively involved in ETL, production modeling, visualization and client interaction.- Designed and built end-to-end modeling pipelines against 1bn+ records in R both for general production and secure remote environments- Built several hundred real-time scoring models from multi-gigabyte sparse-featuredatasets, including many where p >> n- Implemented high-performance concurrent ETL system Python, EC2 and S3- Researched novel applications of statistical practice to business problems, including latent class analysis, Bayesian inference- Developed process automation and dashboard applications in Python, R d3.js Data Scientist Company Name eXelate Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Statistics MS Student Company Name UCLA Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Thesis: A Study on Conditional Likelihood Estimation for Survey SamplingBayesian analysis, social networks, hierarchical models, MCMC and sampling methods. Proficiency in R, SAS and WinBUGS, experience with parallel computing. Statistical Consultant Company Name Eric Garcetti for Mayor Dates Employed Apr 2013 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Mined the campaign’s donor database for insights, discovered trends to identify potential repeat donors and presented recommendations to campaign staff. Further details: http://goo.gl/SDERNa See more positions Education UCLA Degree Name MS Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Boston University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Economics and Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Office of Residence Life, BU Shakespeare Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 15 endorsements for Statistics 15 Statistics Endorsed by Neal Fultz and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Patrick’s colleagues at eXelate, A Nielsen Company Click and drag to reorder skills R See 12 endorsements for R 12 R Endorsed by Yi (Jacky) Yi and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Patrick’s colleagues at eXelate, A Nielsen Company Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 11 endorsements for Data Analysis 11 Data Analysis Endorsed by Neal Fultz and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Patrick has 13 courses 13 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Modeling and Inference Applied Probability Bayesian Analysis Intermediate SAS Mathematical Statistics Matrix Algebra and Optimization Monte Carlo Methods for Optimization Project Management Regression Analysis Research Design, Sampling and Analysis Patrick has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Campaign Donation Analysis LA Sheriff's Office Corruption Investigation Medicare Pay-for-Performance Visualization Patrick has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification ITIL Foundations Patrick has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Patrick has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication A Study on Conditional Likelihood Estimation for Survey Sampling Interests Digital Publishing Network 24,906 members University of California, Los Angeles 478,307 followers Boston University Students, Alumni, Faculty and Staff Members Networking group. 20,938 members eXelate, A Nielsen Company 4,958 followers Pulse 1,535,223 followers UCLA Alumni 49,785 members See all See all following
More Actions Ye has a account Ye Xing Senior Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft University of Pennsylvania Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I have rich experience in providing end-to-end big data analytic solutions to big enterprise customers. My main focused vertical areas for enterprise customers are (but not limited to) customer segmentation, personalized recommendation, churn prediction, predictive maintenance. Beyond the classic machine learning techniques, I'm also familiar with cutting edge machine learning techniques: deep learning in computer vision and medical image analysis, advanced online learning recommendation algorithms. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ye’s Activity 752 followers ‪How Deep Neural Networks Work and How We Put Them to Work at Facebook at 9:45 #ODSC #ODSCEast no math or programming skills required.‬ Ye liked See all activity Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Cambridge,MA Key personnel in various big enterprise customer projects. Selected ones are:- Brain signal decoding project: laid the foundation for the FIRST Microsoft Azure Platform Competition and a keynote by Microsoft CVP at Strata 2016- Connected car and IoT: BMW (Microsoft Build 2016 Conference keynote); mydriving (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/campaigns/mydriving/)- Entertainment industry: Open Field. http://aka.ms/openfield - Author of Microsoft personalized marketing playbook - Personalized marketing solution template - Advanced automatic email marketing campaign pipeline Data Scientist II Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Burlington,MA - Real Madrid Project: find the top combinations of players from 2000+ games over 50 years. The project led to a Power BI showcase at a press release between Microsoft and Real Madrid announcing the partnership.- Automatic photo organizer using ML algorithms: accepted by product team and implemented in the next App (Lumia storyteller) release. Data Scientist Company Name Nokia Dates Employed May 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Burlington, MA - Developed predictive models for place recommendation, restaurant ranking, App analytics, churn prediction- Filed two patent applications Predictive Modeling and Data Mining Scientist Company Name Humana Dates Employed Jun 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr - Managed complex research projects by negotiating project objectives and direction with senior managers and translating business needs into a comprehensive project plan;- Designed and developed predictive models using advanced data mining methodologies to stratify customers;- Experienced in processing large-scale data Education University of Pennsylvania Degree Name PHD Field Of Study Image Analysis/Machine learning Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 University of Pennsylvania Degree Name MS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Tsinghua University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Skills Data Mining Data Mining Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning Machine Learning Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics Statistics Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms Algorithms Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ye has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents Automation of sorting photos based on meta-data Method And Apparatus For Providing Ddata Correction And Management Interests Pulse 1,535,223 followers Facebook 1,533,731 followers Alibaba Group 102,751 followers 清华大学 123,898 followers IBM Watson Analytics 8,804 members Yahoo! Inc. 602,937 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Daniel Byler Lead Data Scientist at Deloitte Deloitte Texas A&M University Annandale, Virginia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I love data and have built my professional life around using it to try to both ask and answer practical questions people can act on. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Daniel’s Activity 1,474 followers I'm really happy the team I work on at Deloitte in collaboration with MIT and Datawheel was able to win a Webby award for Data USA Daniel shared this See all activity Experience Lead Data Scientist [Manager Level] Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Arlington, VA - Lead/manage multiple analytical projects across a variety of industries using techniques ranging from classic econometrics to text analytics- Design new analytical projects- Write and publish analytically driven research CEO Company Name Tangible LLC Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 7 yrs 8 mos - Managed simultaneous development of multiple applications - Created vision for new applications- Recruited new members to work at the firm- Made final hiring decisions - Designed software to help medical mission workers network and collaborate more efficiently. Data Scientist [Senior Consultant Level] Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Arlington, VA - Combined disparate hardware, software, and vendor relationships from within Deloitte into a state of the art technical infrastructure for use by our research group- Designed and executed on multiple data driven research projects across different industries Senior Consultant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area - Managed rotating team of 20 practitioners who performed tasks above and beyond their project work for the Center for Risk Modeling and Simulation. - Performed and presented analysis targeting over $6 billion in cost savings to DoD leadership.- Used SQL and VB to implement an automated error detection program that resulted in the correction of hundreds of errors in the systems governing $9 billion of FDIC’s payments.- Built financial performance metrics for Immigrations and Customs Enforcement governing $200M.- Developed and received funding to implement a firm-wide strategy to respond to potential entitlement reforms.- Created, led, and developed leaders within a team of 24 to improve prosecution rates of child abusers in Bolivia by creating software for a Bolivian children’s advocacy mission. - Worked to stand up new practice in text analytics and agent based modeling within Deloitte. Data Analyst Company Name Tarter Econometric Consulting, Inc Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 12 mos -Improved on pre-existing models for forecasting commodities markets -Dramatically improved back-testing procedures See more positions Education Texas A&M University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Statistics Grade Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 I completed a Masters in Statistics from Texas A&M focusing on a variety of data analysis techniques in SAS and R. The College of William and Mary Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics, Government Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Varsity Swimming and Diving 2005-2007; WM Speed Readers (President and Founder) 2007-2008; Intervarsity Christian Fellowship (2005-2009) Graduated Summa Cum Laude and completed two quantitative honors theses:Economics Honors Thesis: "Investigations into Alternate Sources of Disturbance and Bias in the Implied Volatility Surface"Government Honors Thesis: "Social Networks and Political Attitudes"; Graduate Coursework in Cross Section and Time Series Econometrics; Significant Undergraduate Coursework on they dynamics of the US political system;Monroe Scholar; Provost Award PHS Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 72 endorsements for Data Analysis 72 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Daniel’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 36 endorsements for Statistics 36 Statistics Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Daniel’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 34 endorsements for Analysis 34 Analysis Joseph Hart and 33 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Zachary Murray Software Development Engineer at Amazon January 9, 2012, Zachary reported directly to Daniel Daniel is, without question, one of the most outstanding business leaders I've met. While working with him at Tangible, I was able to witness firsthand his passion and drive to lead effectively. Daniel routinely made tough calls concerning the day-to-day business of the firm, including responsibilities such as hiring, finance, and legal operations. Daniel is an unparalleled business visionary and entrepreneur, and I consider it an honor to have worked with him. Amorette Yang Chief, Community Programs and Policy Initiatives May 20, 2013, Daniel reported directly to Amorette Amorette is an exceptionally hard worker who is driven to deliver meaningful results for her clients. Even compared to other good performers at Deloitte, she stood out as being intellectually gifted and will quickly adapt to any situation. Amorette is also a team player who can work with a wide variety of people and personalities in a constructive way. I am confident she will enjoy success in whatever she chooses to do. Rachel Ellis Customer Account Executive March 21, 2012, Daniel was a client of Rachel’s Rachel designed logos for both of the major applications my firm runs. She was not only responsive and timely in her responses to our comments but has produced logos that I think have the chance of standing the test of time. This is the ultimate test of a logo and we appreciate the good work she did for us and would consider her in the future for design needs. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Daniel has 11 publications 11 Expand publications section Publications The arc of innovation in the oil and gas industry Data USA Tracking innovation in oil and gas patents: The role and influence of the US Department of Energy Who Controls The Fastest-Growing Portion Of The Federal Budget? Not Congress Health care fraud and abuse enforcement: Relationship scrutiny Accountability quantified What 26 years of GAO reports can teach us about government management Enforcement actions in the banking industry - Trends and lessons learned Passion at work: Cultivating worker passion as a cornerstone of talent development The Untold Story of America's Debt The Pivotal Roles of Supply and Demand in Option-Pricing: The Reality Beyond Black-Scholes Daniel has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Advanced SAS Programming Applied Analytics (SAS Enterprise Miner) Applied Bayesian Methods Categorical Data Analysis Multivariate Analysis (PCA, etc.) Overview of Mathematical Statistics (Distributions) Regression Analysis Statistical Computations Statistical Methods I Statistical Methods II (Experimental Design) Daniel has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,577 members Data Scientists 49,118 members Data Scientist Network 12,206 members American Statistical Association 7,600 members Business Intelligence and Analytics Best Practices 26,979 members Tangible LLC 8 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Pinto Chief Data Scientist @ Niddel Niddel PUC-Rio San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Alex has been working on the information security field for 15 years and a founder of one of the most successful information security services and consulting companies in Brazil, Cipher Security, that under his technical guidance, expanded operations into the UK and US. Leaving Cipher in a successful exit event, Alex decided to make his next chapter about the research of machine learning and data science applications into information security, having been doing so for the last 3 years.He created MLSec Project on July 2013 to provide a platform for people interested in the development of machine learning algorithms to support the information security monitoring practice. It has been gathering growing interest and participation from multiple contributors, and is inspiring others to do more research into the field.Alex currently holds the CISSP-ISSAP, CISA, CISM and PMP certifications, if you care about industry certifications. He was also a PCI QSA for almost 6 years, but is almost fully recovered. He is also an accomplished public speaker in security conferences such as Black Hat, DEF CON, FIRST, SANS CTI Summit and Gartner Security Summit. He is known to deliver information packed and entertaining presentations. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Alex’s Activity 1,390 followers I just got some very good news. The three first positions we are hiring for this year has been approved, so within a week or so we will be publishing some quite interesting engineering positions. Stay tuned! Alex liked See all activity Experience Co-Founder and Chief Data Scientist Company Name Niddel Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location San Francisco Bay Area Automating the threat hunting process one machine learning model at a time. Founder and Lead Researcher Company Name MLSec Project Dates Employed 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area MLSec Project is a select community of like-minded individuals that want to work together on using machine learning and data science in information security. It features open source projects, blog posts and community content to help further the understanding of how this technology can help defenders handle the growing complexity and verbosity of their environments and tools.I started this initiative on 2013 to request data from organizations to perform experiments in machine learning and data science on information security data, and it has grown from these humble beginnings to a community of over 40 researchers that collaborate on discussions an open-source projects to better collect, analyze and apply data-driven initiatives to network defense.If you have been researching or working with Machine Learning and Data Science applications on Information security, reach out to us so you can be a part of our growing community! Technical Director, International Company Name CIPHER Security Dates Employed 2011 – 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area In a similar vein to the previous role, after the EMEA offices were established, the CIPHER Security US offices were created in Miami, and I relocated there to again bootstrap the consulting and Managed Security Services practice. However, the scale of this undertaking was much larger, because it also included the building and staffing of a local Security Operation Center in the Miami/Fort Lauderdale region. I was responsible for sales engineering and consulting activities in a great number of customers during my period in Miami, and helped establish the company's reputation in the region. I also accumulated the technical oversight and quality assurance functions of the consulting work performed by CIPHER Security's EMEA offices.After my term at the company, I left my position after finding suitable replacements to pursue other personal goals. I finally decided on 2014 to sell my remaining shares in the company as well, severing all the ties I had with them.Key achievements:- Setup and oversee the office infrastructure - from contractor build-out to network infrastructure for the Security Operation Center- Recruited the team and setup the processes for services delivery in the US SOC in conjunction with the Brazil SOC. Finished my term at the company with 15 employees across the whole office.- Secured key customer accounts and delivered projects on Fortune 500 companies. Technical Director, EMEA Company Name CIPHER Security Dates Employed 2010 – 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location London, United Kingdom I spearheaded CIPHER's expansion into the international market as the technical director of the newly opened London office. In addition to the usual responsibilities of performing the consulting engagements and establishing and training a local team, I was also heavily involved in interpreting and adapting all of CIPHER's technical and marketing materials to the European market. After establishing a local team of approximately 10 employees, and assisting on the hiring of a local director to run the office, I left this role for one overseeing this office and the newly opened US office. It was a short time, but laid the foundations for this office to thrive.Key achievements:- Setup the international consulting practice in the area, hiring and training a team of 10 consultants and sales personnel.- Secured key customer accounts and delivered projects on FTSE 100 companies and governmental entities. Operations Director, Brazil Company Name CIPHER Security Dates Employed 2003 – 2010 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location São Paulo Area, Brazil During my time with CIPHER in Brazil I was one of the two technical directors overseeing all the consulting, system integration and Managed Security Service operations of the company. I was responsible for establishing the technical practice of the company when it expanded to São Paulo, effectively growing a team of one consultant (myself) to almost a hundred consultants and information security analysts.I was also responsible for building the first Security Operation Center of the company when it started offering MSS services in 2005. This incredible work was continued and constantly grown by my colleagues and now is the largest operational center of Cipher. Relevant customers at the time included Cielo (Acquiring bank), Redecard (Acquiring Bank), Gol Airlines and Petrobras.Key achievements:- Greenfield stand up of consulting practice, grown to over 100 consultants and analysts- Consulted and managed consulting teams on the largest companies in Brazil- First QSA to certify all the major payment card acquirers in Brazil as PCI compliant See more positions Education PUC-Rio Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.Eng.) Field Of Study Computer Engineering Grade 94%, magna cum laude Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 The Computer Engineering course at PUC-Rio is a 5-year hybrid Electrical Engineering and Computer Science course. It is on of the most respected on its field on Brazil.I attended this course with a full scholarship from my academic performance, and graduated with an average score of 9.4, the equivalent of a _magna cum laude_ graduation in the US. Harvard University Degree Name Extension School Graduate Program Field Of Study Data Science Grade A Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 Courses from the Data Science Program on Harvard Extension School - http://www.extension.harvard.edu/professional-certificates/data-science-certificate
More Actions Robert A. has a account Robert A. Nendorf Lead Data Scientist at Allstate Allstate Northwestern University Chicago, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent The common thread of my interests and experiences is the idea of leveraging my intellectual curiosity and analytical thinking skills to create value. I love working with groups of talented people to solve challenging problems.-- Most recently I've been building predictive models and social network analysis tools for Allstate. -- I have done research in theoretical mathematics, specifically in algebraic topology and geometry. -- I worked with mathematical models analyzing engineering problems. -- I consulted for small businesses trying to implement data-driven analytics. -- I have tutored / taught students math at all levels, helping people learn 'how to think' about math.I recently finished my Ph.D. in mathematics. I enjoyed the many aspects of this pursuit: independent and collaborative research, attending seminars and conferences, teaching courses and helping students. Lately, I am more interested in applied mathematics and data science. Big leaps in technology and data collection have created an opportunity for new mathematical techniques in machine learning to be used in business. I am always interested in making new professional connections. Reach out if you want to talk machine learning, math, or brewing.Specialties: Thinking, doing, independent research, mathematical modeling, machine learning, neural networks, coding, teaching, public speaking, private tutoring, project collaboration. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Robert A.’s Activity 738 followers Standing room only for Dana Ferguson's keynote speech at last night’s “Pre-Dig|Ins BBQ Networking Event” in Austin. Robert A. liked Allstate to bring 400 innovation jobs to Merchandise Mart Robert A. liked Joe’s photo Robert A. liked See all activity Experience Lead Data Scientist Company Name Allstate Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Chicago Lecturer Company Name Northwestern University School of Continuing Studies Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location Chicago, IL I teach mathematics courses for the School of Continuing Studies at Northwestern University. I design and run undergraduate courses in calculus, finite mathematics, and modern geometry. This is a great place to work along side many talented faculty and students. The typical SCS student is a working adult with many interesting life experiences and a strong motivation to engage the course. It's a privilege to work with them in these classes. Senior Data Scientist Company Name Allstate Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Soon to be Chicago The Data Science team is a part of the Quantitative Research and Analytics department at Allstate's home office. We are responsible for identifying and developing opportunities to leverage data and predictive modeling to help Allstate optimize value for the company and its customers. We prototype new models and platforms that are implemented inside the organization. Our scope is rapidly expanding from Pricing to Claims, Agency Operations, Household Operations, Underwriting, Marketing, and Allstate Financial.Lately I've been leading research for Underwriting, which has a number of unique opportunities for analytics. I'm helping them inspect homes more efficiently, and develop new ways to think about underwriting policies in a more complex pricing environment. I'm also using some recently available big data technologies to allow business users to view detailed information and trends in our policy book at scale.As a former member of the Claims team I worked on cutting edge claims fraud modeling to proactively detect suspicious claims. I have been focused on bringing unsupervised learning techniques, such as social network analysis, to bear on fraud modeling in response to its unique challenges. Data Scientist Company Name Allstate Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Northbrook, IL The Data Science team is a part of the Quantitative Research and Analytics department at Allstate's home office. We are responsible for identifying and developing opportunities to leverage data and predictive modeling to help Allstate optimize value for the company and its customers. We prototype new models and platforms that are implemented inside the organization. Our scope is rapidly expanding from Pricing to Claims, Agency Operations, Household Operations, Underwriting, Marketing, and Allstate Financial.As a member of the Claims team I work on cutting edge claims fraud modeling to proactively detect suspicious claims. I've been focused on bringing unsupervised learning techniques, such as social network analysis, to bear on fraud modeling in response to its unique challenges. Associate Data Scientist Company Name Allstate Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Northbrook, IL See more positions Education Northwestern University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2012 Northwestern University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Western Michigan University Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Activities and Societies: WMU Medallion Scholar, Pi Mu Epsilon Featured Skills & Endorsements Mathematical Modeling See 31 endorsements for Mathematical Modeling 31 Mathematical Modeling Eric Teall and 30 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 25 endorsements for Data Analysis 25 Data Analysis Endorsed by Denis Perevalov and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 24 endorsements for Analytics 24 Analytics Endorsed by Joe Kleinhenz, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Robert A. has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Categorical Sequences Interests Math, Math Education, Math Culture 53,904 members Big Ideas & Innovation 21,855,160 followers Networking Group for Northwestern University's MS in Predictive Analytics Program 4,374 members Cloudera Hadoop Users 22,219 members Mathematical Association of America 7,455 followers Dwolla 3,995 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Andrew Engel Data Scientist DataRobot University of Arizona Greater San Diego Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: predictive analytics, fraud detection, operations research, SAS programming, SPSS programming, casino marketing, marketing analytics, data science, optimization Highlights Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Didem Unat Assistant Professor at Koç University July 23, 2009, Didem reported directly to Andrew Andrew is a great mentor. He was watching me all the time to make sure I had progress in my work and helped me if I needed. He is also very considerate and fun to work with. Stanley Erickson Senior Scientist September 23, 2008, Stanley was a client of Andrew’s I met Andrew through INFORMS, and worked with him to establish a student program at Towson, funded by NIJ. That program has developed very well. I was so impressed with Andrew that I tried to hire him to start an OR group at NIJ. He is full of innovative ideas, and has the perseverance to carry them out. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Global Analytics Network 32,894 members Predictive Talent Analytics Forum 2,183 members University of Arizona College of Engineering 1,437 members SAS University Edition 200 members 84.51˚ 8,829 followers 2pointb, LLC 384 followers See all See all following
More Actions Scott has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Scott Nicholson Chief Data Scientist Poynt Stanford University San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I build and lead world-class teams that create value from data, build the infrastructure on which to store/query the data, and grow the culture that make it all happen. The best teams tend to have tight organizational alignment with data infrastructure, BI, and data products.My experience is industry-agnostic with a background in advertising, healthcare, consumer internet, and economics, as well as spanning a variety of company stages. My strengths are to identify the data needed for a solution when given a business problem or to tease out what products can be built or what business questions can be answered when given a data set.I get excited about companies with under-utilized data assets or that have mousetraps for building great datasets, and am always interested in talking to people about their data problems. I advise several seed-stage startups so feel free to reach out to chat.** PresentationsStrata- The Great Debate: If You Can't Code, You Can't Be a Data Scientist. NY '14.- Econometrics & data science: lnkd.in/strata-nyc-2011- Healthcare Data Science: bit.ly/strata-rx-2012-video-SNBig Data Business Forum, SF Nov '13. (keynote)Predictive Analytics World, Boston '12. (keynote)Chief Data Scientist Summit, Chicago '12eMetrics, SF '12 (keynote). Description: lnkd.in/emetrics-keynote-descPredictive Analytics World, SF '12Predictive Analytics Innovation. lnkd.in/pia-chicago-2011Teradata River interview: lnkd.in/teradata-river** PressForbes: bit.ly/SexyDataSciInformation Week: bit.ly/MeetTheDataSciKDNuggets interview: bit.ly/kdnuggets-nicholsonThe Economist- 3/9/2012: economist.com/node/21549948- 1/10/2015: econ.st/1AvtgD1 "Silicon Valley economists: Meet the market shapers"SJ Mercury News, 6/26/2011 (front page): bit.ly/sjmercnews*blog.linkedin.com/author/swnicholson/Posts on industry migration trends, careers for veterans, and gender differences in social networking See moreSee more of undefined summary Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 70 endorsements for Data Mining 70 Data Mining Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 17 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Scott’s colleagues at R1 RCM Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 4 endorsements for Python 4 Python Endorsed by Robert da Silva, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Scott’s colleagues at R1 RCM Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science See 11 endorsements for Data Science 11 Data Science Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Scott’s colleagues at R1 RCM Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Dan ArielyDan Ariely is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-Founder and Partner at Irrational Innovations 241,691 followers R1 RCM 18,014 followers FPF De-identification Project 249 members Ari EmanuelAri Emanuel is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-CEO at WME | IMG 287,880 followers Business Analytics, Big Data, and Artificial Intelligence 182,245 members Chris SeperChris Seper is a LinkedIn Influencer Regional General Manager, Digital at The E.W. Scripps Company 82,917 followers See all See all following
More Actions DATA SCIENTIST has a account DATA SCIENTIST Milan Job Opportunities Independent Politecnico di Milano Milan Area, Italy 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent INDEPENDENT RECRUITER in Analytics & Advanced Analytics, Big Data, Data Modelling & Machine Learning, Cognitive Computing, Data Visualization domain.Contact: data.scientist@job4u.comData Scientist, Milan Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 6 endorsements for Analysis 6 Analysis Stefano Bianciardi and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Integration See 4 endorsements for Data Integration 4 Data Integration Matteo Garavaglia and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 4 endorsements for Data Warehousing 4 Data Warehousing Lorenzo Ceriello and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests IBM Watson Analytics 8,804 members Predictive Analytics Professionals 7,001 members Pulse 1,535,224 followers IBM 3,427,635 followers Swiss Business Intelligence Network 1,028 members Loop AI Labs Cognitive Computing 525 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vickie has a account Vickie Zhang Data Scientist Facebook University of California, San Francisco San Francisco, California 391 391 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 16 endorsements for SQL 16 SQL Endorsed by Igor Bespamyatnov, PhD and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Vickie’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 17 endorsements for Python 17 Python Endorsed by Benoit Dherin and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Vickie’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 19 endorsements for Machine Learning 19 Machine Learning Endorsed by Benoit Dherin and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Vickie’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Alex Etlin PhD in Life Sciences January 27, 2014, Vickie worked with Alex in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Vickie in two different set-ups. First, we worked together on establishing a business model for a putative start-up as a part of a 10 weeks Lean Launchpad course in UCSF. During this high-pressure period she managed to conduct several dozen of customer interviews, extract and communicate the insights to the rest of the team, the entire class and the instructors (VCs). Vickie’s presentations skills were superb and she was willing to receive critique while clearly stating her own point of view. She’s also showed a great amount of patience and leadership through, sometimes very charged, discussions. Vickie’s ability to understand the customers' needs and problem solving skills were outstanding. Second, Vickie was a member of the leadership team of the UCSF Consulting Club, where she took active part in organizing on-campus events and leading case-practice workshops. Needless to say that the same characteristics made Vickie an extremely valuable team player and a reliable colleague. I am looking forward to working with Vickie in the future. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests PhD to Consulting 23,510 members UCSF Office of Innovation, Technology & Alliances 245 members Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 567,853 members Data Scientist Network 12,206 members KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,127 members Insight Data Science 4,447 followers See all See all following
More Actions Darcy has a account Darcy Davis Data Scientist at Advocate Health Care Advocate Health Care University of Notre Dame Woodridge, Illinois 173 173 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Research Interests:Data mining and complex networks analysis for health, medical, or biomedical applications, with speciﬁc interest in multi-relational data mining and heterogeneous networks; substructure analysis and link prediction; applications of the above to personalized medicine, patient risk proﬁles, electronic health records, optimizing clinical care, translational biology, disease-gene candidate detection, and the role of genetics in disease. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights
More Actions Žygimantas has a account Žygimantas Matijošaitis Data Scientist at Danske Bank Danske Bank Vilniaus Universitetas Lithuania 199 199 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a data scientist in the Big Data Analytics team at Danske Bank and at the same time I am studying for my Master's in econometrics at Vilnius University. I am passionate about econometrics, data mining and advanced analytics - it may take only one skilled data scientist to come up with some amazing insights helping maximize utility of any given company or even society! It's challenging and fun. I also have a very keen interest in economics and especially monetary policy decisions targeting macro-economic problems.I currently use PySpark, Python, SQL, HQL and Tableau on a daily routine. I also have a solid background in R, SPSS and Eviews, have experience working with C/C++ and Gretl. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Žygimantas’ Activity 199 followers "Determining if an image is a Chihuahua or muffin is a tough problem in artificial intelligence" - C. Michael Gibson Žygimantas liked Great day for WM Management Board to visit our great colleagues in Vilnius - we are truly impressed 👍🏻 Žygimantas liked Good afternoon Boston! Here is my Friday urgent roles update. Please 'like' to share with your network. Principal Data Scientist - Data-driven tech product - Boston - $170k Data Scientist - Mature startup - Somerville - $135k Client Facing Data Scientist - complex ML platform - $120k Feel free to drop me a message for more details. Have a great weekend! Žygimantas liked It's never too late to become independent. Žygimantas liked AI geeks, where are you? https://lnkd.in/gJXQHYK Žygimantas liked Importance of public transportation Žygimantas liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Economics See 11 endorsements for Economics 11 Economics Rosita Narkutė and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Teamwork See 9 endorsements for Teamwork 9 Teamwork Nikolaj Abakumov and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Econometrics See 9 endorsements for Econometrics 9 Econometrics Rosita Narkutė and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Ralph has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Ralph Brooks Lead Customer Data Scientist at Toyota Motor Sales Toyota North America University of California, Los Angeles - The Anderson School of Management Frisco, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a Data Scientist and a Scala Data Engineer with over 15 years of overall experience.I have experience in management consulting, technology implementation, predictive analytics, and finance. Over the course of my career, I have delivered world class results in a variety of industries including: oil & gas, automotive, energy, telecommunications, insurance, defense, entertainment, litigation, and real estate. Mr. Brooks has also been a consultant to leading companies including AT&T, Consumers Energy, Merck, Chrysler, Raytheon, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Oklahoma, and H-E-B. My current research interests include the application of probabilistic programming and Generative Adversarial Models in order to improve record linkage.Specialties: Advanced analytics, time series analysis and forecasting, survival analysis, predictive modeling, logistic regression, multivariate regression, principal component analysis, machine learning, and neural networks. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Big Data See 55 endorsements for Big Data 55 Big Data Endorsed by Frank Odia, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ralph’s colleagues at Amdocs Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 53 endorsements for Analytics 53 Analytics Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ralph’s colleagues at Amdocs Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 38 endorsements for Python 38 Python Endorsed by Orson Adams and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Sergio González Sanz Data Scientist - Zalando October 6, 2015, Ralph worked with Sergio in the same group Ralph and I worked together as Data Scientists for Amdocs. He showed an amazing understanding of all the analysis techniques we applied and he did a great job on translating the finding into actionable items for the business. I sincerely recommend Ralph as Data Scientist. Vladimir Sevastyanov Senior Data Scientist January 15, 2015, Ralph worked with Vladimir in the same group Worked with Ralph on several data science projects in telecommunication industry. As a Data Scientist, Ralph has very advanced skills in R, Python, Hadoop. in Windows and Linux environments, He has a solid statistical modeling experience and advanced technical, engineering skills. Developing an efficient solution for a given business problem is his first priority. Ralph is responsive, a very clear communicator, and shows creativity in problem-solving. I fully recommend working with Ralph. Vladimir Sevastyanov Senior Data Scientist January 16, 2015, Vladimir worked with Ralph in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Vladimir on a data science project in the telecommunications industry. Vladmir has a strong grasp of predictive modeling, natural language processing algorithms and various machine learning techniques. I recommend him for any data science related work. Interests Toyota Motor Sales 9,204 followers UCLA Anderson School of Management 47,050 followers Natural Language Processing People 29,160 members Natural Language Processing 14,888 members UCLA Alumni 49,785 members Toyota North America 72,653 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vickie has a account Vickie Zhang Data Scientist Facebook University of California, San Francisco San Francisco, California 391 391 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 16 endorsements for SQL 16 SQL Endorsed by Igor Bespamyatnov, PhD and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Vickie’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 17 endorsements for Python 17 Python Endorsed by Benoit Dherin and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Vickie’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 19 endorsements for Machine Learning 19 Machine Learning Endorsed by Benoit Dherin and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Vickie’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Alex Etlin PhD in Life Sciences January 27, 2014, Vickie worked with Alex in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Vickie in two different set-ups. First, we worked together on establishing a business model for a putative start-up as a part of a 10 weeks Lean Launchpad course in UCSF. During this high-pressure period she managed to conduct several dozen of customer interviews, extract and communicate the insights to the rest of the team, the entire class and the instructors (VCs). Vickie’s presentations skills were superb and she was willing to receive critique while clearly stating her own point of view. She’s also showed a great amount of patience and leadership through, sometimes very charged, discussions. Vickie’s ability to understand the customers' needs and problem solving skills were outstanding. Second, Vickie was a member of the leadership team of the UCSF Consulting Club, where she took active part in organizing on-campus events and leading case-practice workshops. Needless to say that the same characteristics made Vickie an extremely valuable team player and a reliable colleague. I am looking forward to working with Vickie in the future. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Biomedical Engineering Society (UC Berkeley) 4,663 members Insight Data Science 4,447 followers University of California, San Francisco 64,396 followers Small Business & Startup Deal Flow | DealFlow Source Network 6,748 members UCSF Office of Innovation, Technology & Alliances 245 members Data Scientists 49,118 members See all See all following
More Actions Edmund has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Edmund Jackson Vice President & Chief Data Scientist at HCA HCA University of Cambridge Nashville, Tennessee 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Big Data See 39 endorsements for Big Data 39 Big Data Endorsed by Matt Jackson and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Edmund’s colleagues at HCA Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 32 endorsements for Statistics 32 Statistics Endorsed by 6 of Edmund’s colleagues at HCA Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 31 endorsements for Machine Learning 31 Machine Learning Endorsed by Julien Fauqueur, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Edmund’s colleagues at HCA Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Brad Matthews Board Member at Trizic, Inc. March 3, 2013, Brad was a client of Edmund’s Edmund is a talented and driven data scientist who has a very deep understanding of advanced statistics and big data. I've had the pleasure of working with him on a project that involved the design and development of highly technical financial software which he was able to complete enthusiastically and in a timely fashion. Edmund consistently comes up with innovative solutions to complex problems and is able to communicate these effectively. I wouldn't hesitate to work with him again in the future. Rus Newton Owner, Global Advisors (Jersey) Ltd January 4, 2009, Rus managed Edmund directly Edmund is a very dedicated & hard-working person; an excellent programmer in a wide variety of languages & with a broad knowledge in engineering & the sciences. A great asset to Global Advisors. Sean Cofoid IT/ANALYTICS LEADER: Architect Solutions | Develop Teams | Measurably Improve Business February 5, 2017, Edmund managed Sean directly I have had the pleasure of supervising Sean in his role as Director of Business Intelligence at HCA for 2 years. Sean possess a piercing intellect which enables him to understand complex, and often underspecified, business problems and translate them into technically achievable products and projects. He has led multiple technical teams to produce elegant products on time and budget. He has a deep understanding of data and associated technology which allows him to recognize real talent and lead demanding technical teams well. Any organization looking to harness data into tangible products will do well with him leading development efforts. Brad Matthews Board Member at Trizic, Inc. March 4, 2013, Brad was a client of Edmund’s I worked with Brad over an extended period on a challenging piece of financial software. Working with Brad was an absolute pleasure - he began the process with a very clear understanding of his desired outcomes and communicated them clearly, he managed the process skillfully providing resources as needed and was able to judge and refine the design throughout. I would work with Brad again and am excited to see the outcome of his forthcoming projects. Interests Pulse 1,535,227 followers The R Project for Statistical Computing 106,577 members Algorithmic Trading 77,572 members University of KwaZulu-Natal 91,567 followers HCA 139,721 followers London Asset Management Professional Networking Group 385 members See all See all following
More Actions Ori has a account Ori Stitelman VP of Data Science at Dstillery Dstillery University of California, Berkeley Greater New York City Area 374 374 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an expert in managing data science teams that collaborate with software developers and business partners to build products that unleash the value of big data. I have a Ph.D. in Biostatistics from U.C. Berkeley and over a decade of experience in litigation consulting and advertising technology which provide me with both the deep theoretical understanding of statistics and the practical perspective needed to build robust data products from conception through production. I have many publications in machine learning and causality, regularly present at conferences, and received numerous awards and patents: including a best paper award at Knowledge Data and Discovery (KDD) conference, Ogilvy awards for Big Data and Innovation, an ARF Great Mind award and contributing chapters to O’Rielly’s books: HIVE and Doing Data Science.Specialties: Survival Analysis, Causal Effect Estimation, Penalized Loss Based Estimation, Cross-validation, Bootstrap, Influence Curve Based Estimation, Generalized Linear Models, Bootstrap, Monte Carlo Simulation, Estimation Equation Based Methods, Machine Learning Algorithms (Random Forest, Generalized Additive Models, Polynomial Search Algorithms, etc.), Ensemble Learners, Semi-Parametric Estimation, Graphical Models, Statistical Computing (SAS, R, STATA, SQL), Double Robust Estimation Methods. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 23 endorsements for R 23 R Endorsed by Luca Pozzi and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Ori’s colleagues at Dstillery Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 21 endorsements for Statistics 21 Statistics Endorsed by Luca Pozzi and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Ori’s colleagues at Dstillery Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 17 endorsements for Machine Learning 17 Machine Learning Endorsed by Claudia Perlich and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Ori’s colleagues at Dstillery Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Hannah Zacharia Global Talent Acquisition at Spotify May 5, 2015, Ori was a client of Hannah’s Hannah worked with me to fill three key positions in data science, a field which she has never recruited for in the past. This was an extremely challenging task considering the high demand for data scientists in the current job market. Hannah did an amazing job of combing through 1,000s of candidates to find 3 great ones in a very short time period. I could not be more happy with the new data scientists that Hannah worked so hard to bring in. Hannah worked tirelessly to ensure that she had all the necessary information to bring me the most qualified candidates. Not only did she focus on the technical components of her role she was loved by both the people on my team that worked with her as well as all the candidates that she interacted with. Whenever I have to hire new data science candidates in the future Hannah will be my first choice to head up my recruiting efforts. Adam Rotmil "The simpler the assignment, the more difficult the solution." --Wolfgang Weingart August 14, 2011, Ori worked with Adam in different groups Adam is always ready to help his colleagues even if the work is not directly within his job function. Adam also has an excellent eye for detail and always insure that he produces the highest quality product. Interests Global Analytics Network 32,894 members Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,432 members Dstillery 4,482 followers University of California, Berkeley 498,421 followers Quant Masters- Data Scientist Deep Machine Learning Predictive Modeling NLP Mahout R Matlab Weka SAS 10,575 members Claremont McKenna College 13,780 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yan has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Yan Kou Director of Product Insight Data Science Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 35 endorsements for Machine Learning 35 Machine Learning Endorsed by Yiping Yuan and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Yan’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 31 endorsements for Python 31 Python Endorsed by Yiping Yuan and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Yan’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Linux See 14 endorsements for Linux 14 Linux Endorsed by 5 of Yan’s colleagues at Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Big Data 5,065,249 followers 北京师范大学 31,448 followers Uppsala University 112,244 followers Insight Data Science 4,447 followers Chinese Big Data Group 720 members Network of Digital med Evidence (NodeHealth) 401 members See all See all following
More Actions Archana has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Archana Ramesh Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft Arizona State University Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data scientist with experience in building big data solutions for multiple applications including healthcare data, weather data, advertising analytics, cancer genomics, performance analytics and sentiment classification. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 31 endorsements for Machine Learning 31 Machine Learning Endorsed by Marissa LaMadrid-Herrmannsfeldt and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Archana’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 27 endorsements for Algorithms 27 Algorithms Endorsed by 5 of Archana’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 25 endorsements for Data Mining 25 Data Mining Endorsed by Si-Chi Chin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Archana’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (0) Michael Brundage Staff Data Scientist at Google September 29, 2016, Michael was senior to Archana but didn’t manage directly Archana is an excellent Data Scientist, particularly expert in unsupervised algorithms (but also skilled in many other algorithms). She single-handledly kickstarted a deep collaboration between our team and the Cortana organization, and successfully drove several foundational projects there from conception to completion. It was a pleasure working with her on these and other projects. Archana demonstrates both technical depth and leadership qualities. I predict a very bright future for her career, and hope to work with her again someday! Ramesh Polisetty Member of Technical Staff at Waterline Data December 26, 2013, Archana worked with Ramesh in the same group I have known Archana while working at nPario, as we both were on the same team developing various aspects of the nPario consumer intelligence platform. What was really impressive for me was to watch Archana getting a deep understanding of the internals of the product in a very short time,and applying many data mining algorithms to show impressive results to several customers. Archana follows a very systematic approach to solve difficult problems and gets the job done without any fuss. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Yogesh has a account Yogesh Bhalerao Lead Data Scientist at ShopRunner ShopRunner Vasantdada Patil College of Engg Chicago, Illinois 302 302 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an expert Sr. Data Scientist and accomplished Agile certified Software Architect with proven expertise in solving complex business problems through technology. Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Satnam Singh Lead SQL Server DBA at Capgemini Technology Services India Limited. September 13, 2016, Satnam worked with Yogesh in the same group Satnam is very talented, and hard-working co-worker and with his extensive knowledge on SQL Server always had a solution ready for us. He kept us updated on the latest on technologies and best-practices, would be a great addition to any database team. Shan Nanjappan Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence & Analytics September 13, 2016, Shan worked with Yogesh in the same group Shan and I worked together at Match.com in the Marketing Analytics team. He's a very talented, hard-working co-worker and always had a solution ready for us. His diverse background in technology enabled us to collaborate on multiple projects and saw Shan fulfilling multiple roles concurrently. Shan was always supportive and kept us updated on the latest on technologies and best-practices, and would be a great addition to any development team. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Interests Big Data, Analytics, Hadoop, NoSQL & Cloud Computing 73,386 members Pulse 1,535,228 followers Chicago's Official Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Deep Learning (DL) User Group 282 members Orbitz Worldwide 27,794 followers Grubhub 13,490 followers ShopRunner 2,035 followers See all See all following
More Actions Riccardo has a account Riccardo Baron Analytics | Data | Science | Risk | Management | Digital | Innovation | Strategy | IoT | R&D Swiss Re University of Cambridge Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Award-winning Ph.D. data scientist and computer simulation team leader with 15+ years experience and proven record in data analytics, high-performance computing, and team management (10+). Results-driven, innovative out-of-the-box thinker and problem solver. Thought leader in big data and smart analytics business strategy innovation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Riccardo’s Activity 2,894 followers 20 insurance innovators to know Riccardo shared this Allianz partners with US insurtech Praedicat Riccardo shared this #AI impact on industry verticals Riccardo shared this Swiss Re reports solid first quarter 2017 net income of USD 656 million Riccardo liked Lights Out: Keeping Power Grid Running in Natural Disasters Riccardo shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 32 endorsements for Analytics 32 Analytics Endorsed by 13 of Riccardo’s colleagues at Swiss Re Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 80 endorsements for Research 80 Research Endorsed by 19 of Riccardo’s colleagues at Swiss Re Endorsed by 10 people who know Research Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 72 endorsements for Strategy 72 Strategy Endorsed by Anushka Prasad, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 20 of Riccardo’s colleagues at Swiss Re Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Riccardo has a account Riccardo Baron Analytics | Data | Science | Risk | Management | Digital | Innovation | Strategy | IoT | R&D Swiss Re University of Cambridge Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Award-winning Ph.D. data scientist and computer simulation team leader with 15+ years experience and proven record in data analytics, high-performance computing, and team management (10+). Results-driven, innovative out-of-the-box thinker and problem solver. Thought leader in big data and smart analytics business strategy innovation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 32 endorsements for Analytics 32 Analytics Endorsed by 13 of Riccardo’s colleagues at Swiss Re Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 80 endorsements for Research 80 Research Endorsed by 19 of Riccardo’s colleagues at Swiss Re Endorsed by 10 people who know Research Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 72 endorsements for Strategy 72 Strategy Endorsed by Anushka Prasad, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 20 of Riccardo’s colleagues at Swiss Re Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests IBHS 18 followers IBM Analytics 89,824 followers Dell EMC 734,184 followers Pulse 1,535,227 followers Leadership & Management 24,848,859 followers UCSD Postdoctoral Association and Postdoc Alumni 687 members See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Wai Growth at Tesla Tesla University of Waterloo San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent m.me/markstevenwai Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements SQL See 11 endorsements for SQL 11 SQL Endorsed by Andrew Jang, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mark’s colleagues at Facebook Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 7 endorsements for Data Analysis 7 Data Analysis Endorsed by Andrew Jang and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mark’s colleagues at Facebook Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 7 endorsements for Analysis 7 Analysis Andrew Jang and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Waterloo 179,474 followers Google 4,871,541 followers Teehan+Lax 5,189 followers University of Waterloo 172,041 followers Drop Loyalty 314 followers Young Bay Street Professionals 7,586 members See all See all following
More Actions Tony has a account Tony Hey Chief Data Scientist at Science and Technology Facilities Council, UK Science and Technology Facilities Council, UK Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Professor of Computation in the Electronics and Computer Science Department, University of Southampton, UK 1986 - 1998Research interests in parallel message-passing computing and computational science.Led team that designed and built transputer-based 'Supernode' parallel computer.Devised first parallel benchmark suite - the 'Genesis' benchmarks - for performance evaluation of distributed memory parallel machines.Co-authored first draft of the MPI message-passing standard with Jack Dongarra, David Walker and Rolf Hempel.Department Chair for the Electronics and Computer Science Department 1992 -1998Dean of Engineering and Applied Science, University of Southampton 1998 - 2001 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Cloud Computing See 79 endorsements for Cloud Computing 79 Cloud Computing Endorsed by Ryan Waite and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 23 of Tony’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Software Engineering See 65 endorsements for Software Engineering 65 Software Engineering Endorsed by Ryan Waite and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Tony’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Software Development See 61 endorsements for Software Development 61 Software Development Endorsed by Ryan Waite and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Tony’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Tiko Gogolashvili-Radford Business Administrator August 31, 2013, Tony managed Tiko directly Tiko was an intelligent and hard-working assistant in my team in Microsoft Research. She was extremely competent and trustworthy and I am happy to recommend her for an administrative assistant role. Louis Carbonneau IP Strategist & Attorney/Patent Broker & Venture Partner June 22, 2009, Tony worked with Louis in different groups I worked closely with Louis when I joined Microsoft 4 years ago. He and his team worked with my group on negotiating complex IP agreements with universities in the US. This involved a great amount of detail and Louis was always on hand to give me expert opinion and advice. Whenever there were issues I found an escalation to Louis always very helpful and constructive. In summary, I found Louis to be a trusted and knowledgeable colleague who could always be relied upon to help me fix problems. Interests Microsoft Azure for Research 3,146 members danah boyddanah boyd is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder of Data & Society Research Institute 161,819 followers Pulse 1,535,227 followers Microsoft 3,687,389 followers
More Actions Wafa has a account Wafa Soofi Data Scientist at Square Square Georgia Institute of Technology San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm currently a data scientist at Square.Prior to Square, I helped lead the data science and analytics team at Insight Data Science in Silicon Valley.I received my Ph.D. from the Georgia Institute of Technology and Emory University in May of 2014. My thesis work involved understanding activity regulation in small, complex neuronal networks. I am experienced in mining large, high-dimensional data sets (Python, MATLAB), simulation and modeling (C/C++), signal processing, and statistical analysis of biological data. I have experience with performing and publishing research in a clinical/medical setting.I am also dedicated to improving education and increasing diversity in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields at the K-12, undergraduate, and graduate levels. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 25 endorsements for Statistics 25 Statistics Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Wafa’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 25 endorsements for Data Analysis 25 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 20 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Wafa’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Bioengineering See 14 endorsements for Bioengineering 14 Bioengineering Endorsed by Allen Chen, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Wafa’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Johnson & Johnson 1,394,225 followers Entry Level Biomedical Engineers 11,135 members Genentech 224,440 followers University of California, San Francisco - School of Medicine 24,883 followers University of California, Davis 201,533 followers Sonitus Medical Inc. 617 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alireza has a account Alireza Darvish Staff Data Scientist at Google/Tech-Lead Manager Google University of North Carolina at Charlotte San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My areas of expertise are statistical modeling, machine learning and data mining. I have extensive experience in designing and implementing different statistical and data mining models for different types of problems such as online adverting, fraud detection and computational biology. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights
More Actions Ali has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Ali Abbasi Senior Research Scientist at Machine Zone Machine Zone, Inc. Arizona State University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Ph.D. in Computer Science, Machine LearningInterested in: Digital Marketing, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Recommender Systems, and Social Network Analysis. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 171 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Huan Liu and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 37 of Ali’s colleagues at Arizona State University Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 140 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Huan Liu and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 31 of Ali’s colleagues at Arizona State University Click and drag to reorder skills Natural Language Processing See 13 endorsements for Natural Language Processing 13 Natural Language Processing Endorsed by 2 of Ali’s colleagues at Arizona State University Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Banjo 4,592 followers Arizona State University West 32,311 followers Ad Exchange Masters: Programmatic DSP DMP SSP RTB Retargeting TV Trading Desk Header Bidding Ad Tech 16,670 members Arizona State University - the official page of the ASU community 44,987 members A STARTUP SPECIALISTS GROUP Online Global Network for Entrepreneurs,Startups (Business Jobs Careers) 318,048 members Andiamo Partners 43,208 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gary has a account Gary Richardson Director, Head of Data Engineering @ TechSolutions KPMG UK KPMG UK University of South Africa/Universiteit van Suid-Afrika London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent #insurtech collaborator #blockchain believer #dataengineer at heart Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Gary’s Articles & Activity 3,325 followers Welcoming the machines: How insurers will drive value from machine learning Gary Richardson on LinkedIn See 8 more articles Build and train machine learning models on our new Google Cloud TPUs Gary liked Absolutely honoured to have spoken at TEDx today on: 'How can artificial intelligence help our NHS and should we be concerned?' - link to follow Gary liked Philips new OB/GYN ultrasound innovations with anatomical intelligence provide lifelike 3D images to advance pregnancy care and support maternal-fetal bonding Gary liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 118 endorsements for Business Intelligence 99+ Business Intelligence Endorsed by Roman Stanek and 25 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Gary’s colleagues at KPMG UK Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 74 endorsements for Data Warehousing 74 Data Warehousing Endorsed by David Elliott and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Gary’s colleagues at KPMG UK Click and drag to reorder skills IT Strategy See 68 endorsements for IT Strategy 68 IT Strategy Endorsed by Ed Fowler, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Gary’s colleagues at KPMG UK Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Stuart Loveless Associate at KPMG UK March 10, 2010, Stuart managed Gary directly Gary led my data warehouse and BI development team. He was extremely diligent in his research and selection of the appropriate toolset for QBE following which he and his team designed and developed a robust and functionally rich product. Gary's enthusiasm for his role plus his intellectual curiosity and rigour are contagious, creating a highly motivated and productive team. Stuart Loveless Associate at KPMG UK March 10, 2010, Gary reported directly to Stuart Stuart is a rare breed of IT professional he has a deep technical understanding of IT Systems which is complemented by his considerable commercial awareness, ensuring solutions that are sustainable from both a technology and long term cost of ownership perspective. He provides cutting insights into programme and project management issues, providing the focus on the end goal which helps his direct reports navigate through to successful outcomes. Finally, Stuart provides a great deal of support and mentorship to the teams under his leadership which enables them to deliver positive results in sometimes challenging situations. Claire Reynolds BI Analytics Manager at QBE European Operations July 6, 2009, Gary managed Claire directly Claire is one of those rare breeds that understands technology and its capability but more importantly can implement and ensure that businesses adopt and drive out real results from their investments. Claire is an exceptional talent in the application and use of Business Intelligence tools to support businesses in their fight against a rising tide of information overload. Interests Michael DellMichael Dell is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Chairman at Dell Technologies 463,549 followers CIO Forum 222,833 members WSO2 19,614 followers Forbes 4,463,832 followers Tim BrownTim Brown is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at IDEO 1,366,555 followers Risk, Regulation & Reporting 228,765 members See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Farrell Data Mining Engineer at Yelp Yelp University of Califonia, Los Angeles San Francisco Bay Area 331 331 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Quantitative researcher with a desire to answer difficult questions by exploring data and uncovering interesting results. Background in data analysis, experimentation, information retrieval, machine learning, python, SciPy, ROOT, C++, UNIX, distributed computing, and Redis.Github https://github.com/cpfarrell See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 28 endorsements for Python 28 Python Endorsed by AJ Ribeiro and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Chris’ colleagues at Yelp Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 27 endorsements for Data Analysis 27 Data Analysis Endorsed by Natalie Han and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chris’ colleagues at Yelp Click and drag to reorder skills Physics See 19 endorsements for Physics 19 Physics Endorsed by Andrey Korytov and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Chris’ colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Loic Quertenmont Senior Machine Learning Engineer at N-SIDE February 20, 2013, Loic managed Chris directly Chris had a very strong drive for data analysis - he performed analysis of more than 10 peta-bytes of CMS data in order to search for few events containing new physics particles hidden within the 2000 trillion proton-proton events that CMS recorded between 2010 and 2013. Chris is also a efficient, dynamic and team player. Moreover, he has strong skills to write scientific/technical documentation as well as in oral presentation of complex results. Loic Quertenmont Senior Machine Learning Engineer at N-SIDE August 22, 2016, Loic was senior to Chris but didn’t manage directly Loic and I worked together closely on multiple projects at CMS. Loic was great at all aspects of a data project. Acquiring the raw data, setting up pipelines to process the data, exploratory investigations, and the final statistic evaluations to draw conclusions. Beyond his technical abilities, Loic also did a great job of coordinating multiple interrelated projects involving many people. He was always someone who helped get results out early and at the cutting edge. Interests Yelp 104,138 followers University of California, Los Angeles 478,307 followers University of Florida 339,727 followers University of California, Berkeley 498,421 followers Pulse 1,535,228 followers University of Florida 328,496 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anila has a account Anila Joshi Sr Data Scientist/ Data Architect Self Employed/Entrepreneur Northwestern University San Francisco Bay Area 117 117 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Over 10 years of experience in Business Innovation and thought leadership through the application of Data Analytics, Machine Learning and Predictive modellingOver 6 years of experience in Product Development and management and building the Business Intelligence Products on Enterprise SystemsData Architect working on Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, MPP data appliance such as Greenplum with data size ranging to Peta bytesEnterprise search analytics with Oracle Endeca and Apache SolrData visualization using Tableau, D3, Qlikview, OBIEE, Pentaho Business Analytics etc.ETL on Big Data using Pentaho Data Integration and expertise in other ETL tools like ODI, InformaticaProficient in Python, R, SQL and SASUse Data mining techniques to solve critical business problems and identify business opportunity and develop business strategySpecialties: Python, R, Weka, SAS, Machine learning, Predictive Analytics, Enterprise search analytics, Tableau, Alteryx, D3, Apache Solr, Pig, Hive, Business intelligence, Data warehousing, OBIEE, Cognos, Business Objects, Pentaho, ODI, Informatica, MDM, Big Data, Hadoop See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 7 endorsements for Business Intelligence 7 Business Intelligence Endorsed by 2 of Anila’s colleagues at Determine Click and drag to reorder skills Data Warehousing See 6 endorsements for Data Warehousing 6 Data Warehousing Endorsed by 3 of Anila’s colleagues at Determine Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 5 endorsements for Analytics 5 Analytics Endorsed by 2 of Anila’s colleagues at Determine Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Edmentum 18,100 followers Element Global Search, LLC 1,715 followers Oracle Contractors [28,000+] 38,605 members ModCloth 22,087 followers Oracle Jobs 125,008 members RealPage, Inc. 54,800 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lutz has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Lutz Finger Getting Data & Insights To Work @Snap, Entrepreneur, Angel Investor, Quantum Physicist, Author Snap Inc. INSEAD San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Insights - We make data actionable. We understand what drives user behavior. Join our Team! See moreSee more of undefined summary Follow Follow {:entityName} Lutz’s Articles 7,909 followers Life In Data - The Tasks Of A Data Scientist Lutz Finger on LinkedIn Publish dateSeptember 22, 2016 See 16 more articles Wer kann was? Europakarte der Fähigkeiten Lutz Finger on LinkedIn Publish dateJune 20, 2016 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 215 endorsements for Analytics 99+ Analytics Endorsed by Krishnan Venkata and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lutz’s colleagues at Cornell University Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 87 endorsements for Big Data 87 Big Data Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lutz’s colleagues at Cornell University Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 261 endorsements for Start-ups 99+ Start-ups Endorsed by Dominique Trempont and 18 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Lutz’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (6) Nancy Lane President - Local Media Association & Local Media Foundation and President-Elect Villanova University Alumni Association August 29, 2014, Lutz was a client of Nancy’s Lutz presented at our 'Social+Mobile - Show Me the Money' conference. His presentation was outstanding and very engaging. Based on his fantastic book "Ask Measure Learn" he showed us how to properly analyze data. I highly recommend Lutz Finger as a speaker. Lydia Ng Marketing for growth, CtrlShift July 9, 2012, Lutz worked with Lydia in the same group I worked with Lutz at Fisheye Analytics where he was colleague, manager and mentor to me. As an INSEAD professor and serial start-up investor once said to me, Lutz is the sort of guy "not many people can say 'no' to." More than being a salesperson who could sell ice to eskimos, Lutz is equal parts statistics and data-obsessed nerd and artistic, creative genius. His polyvalence as CEO of Fisheye was evident(1) in how he helped shape an undefined product in an uncharted space into an offering that is now used by governments and international organizations which demand the most stringent levels of media intelligence, and (2) in how he managed and steered a diverse team of high-calibre individuals distributed across 2 continents. (Many members of the founding team marvel at how they themselves were able to reach beyond their expected capabilities under Lutz's guidance.)If you are starting a new enterprise either within a corporate framework or from the ground up, you would want an individual with the innate ability to motivate others within an environment of high risk and ambiguity as well as one with the intellectual capacity to overcome the matrix of challenges young start-ups always face. That's Lutz. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Andrew Jefferson User Experience Researcher, Google (through Adecco, USA) May 17, 2015, Lutz managed Andrew directly Andy was my Teaching Assistant at Cornell. The course was a great success and that is as well due to Andy's support. Andy managed not only the overall organization of the administration of the course, but he became for me an important partner for the course. He picked up any question and presented the options and the pros and cons of each so I could make informed choices.Since this was a data course, we made a point of collecting lots of feedback and Andy promptly turned those surveys around and presented meaningful feedback with informed interpretations. Overall I was impressed with Andy's work and insight he produced. I highly recommend him and wish I can work with him in the future. Ali Marinas Full Stack Web Developer April 7, 2015, Lutz was a client of Ali’s Ali always provides us with excellent customer service. From our first meeting, he has impressed us with his speed to deliver and his expertise. He has a great ability to find your needs and deliver a solution quickly. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Interests My Alumni Link Community 368 members Fast Company 837,260 followers Entrepreneur Media 1,639,660 followers Jim Sniechowski, PhDJim Sniechowski, PhD is a LinkedIn Influencer Removing Personal Holdbacks - Releasing Powerful Leadership 178,171 followers Jules PolonetskyJules Polonetsky is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO, Future of Privacy Forum 242,610 followers Forbes 4,463,840 followers See all See all following
More Actions Diogo has a account Diogo Moitinho de Almeida Computer Scientist, Programmer, & Mathlete with Award-Winning Good Fortune! Google Georgia Institute of Technology San Francisco, California 491 491 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm currently working on making computers smart enough to help doctors be more accurate using machine learning. Previously, I've broken a 13 year losing streak for the Philippines in the International Math Olympiad, got the top prize in the world at the Interdisciplinary Contest in Modeling, and got 1st place in a Kaggle (machine learning) competition.https://github.com/diogo149 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 22 endorsements for Python 22 Python Endorsed by Varun Madiath and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Diogo’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 12 endorsements for Machine Learning 12 Machine Learning Endorsed by Ahna Girshick and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Diogo’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 8 endorsements for Algorithms 8 Algorithms Aaron Tobias and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Enlitic 1,684 followers RPI Alumni 2,219 members Google 4,871,553 followers Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 70,182 followers Georgia Institute of Technology 201,177 followers Georgia Institute of Technology 189,397 followers
More Actions Yajing has a account Yajing Wang Data Scientist at Facebook Facebook Harvard University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Good knowledge of applying advanced analytics and leveraging big data to further smooth real world problem-solving progress. Efficient in building models in order to learn knowledge from data, and reviewing past statistics in order to predict future outcomes. Utilize software tools to transform raw data into usable information and analyze client data for decision making.Specialties: Proficiency in Linear Model, Generalized Linear Model, Principle Component Analysis, Clustering, Factor Analysis, Time series, Bayesian Modeling, Mixture Model, Monte Carlo Markov Chain, Support Vector Machine, Neural Networks, Decision Trees and Multivariate AnalysisExpertise in R, MySQL, Python, ElasticSearch, Julia, SPSS Modeler, Excel, MS Office See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 28 endorsements for R 28 R Endorsed by Yutao Brendan Liu and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Yajing’s colleagues at Rifiniti Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 18 endorsements for Data Analysis 18 Data Analysis Endorsed by Miao Lu and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Yajing’s colleagues at Rifiniti Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 13 endorsements for Research 13 Research Endorsed by 2 of Yajing’s colleagues at Rifiniti Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Harvard University 490,489 followers Rifiniti 308 followers Microsoft Advanced Analytics 13,211 followers CSSA-Chinese Student and Scholar Associations-All in 全球中国学生学者联谊会 7,581 members Zhejiang University Alumni 9,554 members Quant Masters- Data Scientist Deep Machine Learning Predictive Modeling NLP Mahout R Matlab Weka SAS 10,575 members See all See all following
More Actions John has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium John Foreman Vice President of Product Management at MailChimp MailChimp Massachusetts Institute of Technology Greater Atlanta Area 500+ 500+ connections I help MailChimp figure out what to build. It's really exciting. Lots to do...okay bye. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Management Product Management No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Product Strategy Product Strategy No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Marketing Digital Marketing No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (1) Lars Rinnan CEO at NextBridge Group AS June 22, 2014, Lars was a client of John’s John delivered the keynote address on big data analytics at the Gurus Of BI (GOBI) 2014 conference. This is Norway's largest BI & Analytics conference, and the crowd eagerly anticipated hearing from someone who draws business value from big data on a daily basis. John did not disappoint them. With a pragmatic, down-to-earth and humorous approach, John gave examples from his book "Data Smart" which emphasized his main point; start with business goals/problems, then choose techniques and finally tools. Sound advice for any prospective data scientist! Xianzhi (Helen) Wang Senior Quantitative Analyst at Google January 20, 2012, John worked with Xianzhi (Helen) in the same group John is a talented consultant. He does not only have a strong OR skill set (in both modelling and data analysis) but also has an outstanding ability of managing client relationships. He is a key player in the team and has very positive influences on the team members. He is also a fun and great person to work with. I truly enjoy the time I worked with him and is definitely a great asset to any company he is at. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Michelle Riggen-Ransom Managing Editor, Alexa Personality @Amazon November 18, 2014, John was senior to Michelle but didn’t manage directly As a data guy, I often find myself wary of things like PR. It's not a practice I'm familiar with (except in building models to shut PR professionals down for spam). So working directly with Michelle was new territory for me.But I must say that working with Michelle has been a real pleasure. She's thorough, organized, professional, but above all, she's got a knack for making meaningful connections. She's able to suss out what relationships are worth fostering and how to make those relationships in a way that's natural, unforced, and far from gross.Michelle is creative, friendly and insightful, and goes well beyond the paint-by-numbers PR you find elsewhere. Can't recommend her enough. Interests Microsoft Advanced Analytics 13,211 followers AIMMS Professionals Group 808 members Hilary MasonHilary Mason is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Fast Forward Labs 141,488 followers Analytics Society of INFORMS 2,325 members INFORMS Conference on Business Analytics & Operations Research 1,758 members David KirkpatrickDavid Kirkpatrick is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Techonomist for Techonomy Media and author, The Facebook Effect 105,746 followers See all See all following
More Actions Murtaza has a account Murtaza Haider Associate Professor of Real Estate Management at Ryerson University. McGill University University of Toronto Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Author of Getting Started with Data Science, published by Pearson and IBM Press (http://tinyurl.com/data4analytics). Getting Started with Data Science: Making Sense of Data with Analytics (IBM Press) Paperback. ISBN-13: 978-0133991024 ISBN-10: 0133991024 - Housing and transport markets analysis in developed and developing countries.- Experience in training in business analytics, applied econometrics and statistics, and GIS.- Blogs at http://www.dawn.com/authors/755/murtazahaider and http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/murtaza-haider/Expertise: Analytics, transport and urban planning, supply chain and logistics management, spatial analysis and GIS, econometric modelling of real estate development, travel demand forecasting See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Murtaza’s Articles & Activity 1,601 followers Ontario needs to stimulate more housing supply Murtaza Haider on LinkedIn See 3 more articles An Introduction to Spatial Data Analysis and Visualization in R | R-bloggers Murtaza shared this Engaging Kids in Quality and Safety Murtaza liked Ryerson's Master of Engineering Innovation and Entrepreneurship (MEIE) Murtaza liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 91 endorsements for Statistics 91 Statistics Endorsed by Steven Murphy, PhD, ICD.D and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Murtaza’s colleagues at University of Toronto Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 75 endorsements for Research 75 Research Endorsed by 5 of Murtaza’s colleagues at University of Toronto Endorsed by 18 people who know Research Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 57 endorsements for Data Analysis 57 Data Analysis Endorsed by Paul Jacobson and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Murtaza’s colleagues at University of Toronto Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Anisur Rahman has a account Anisur Rahman Alamgir - LSSBB, Data Scientist Technical Lead and Senior Software Engineer at DataSoft DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited QAI, Six Sigma Bangladesh 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an IT professional with extensive background in Software Design, substantial experience designing ,executing solutions for complex business problems involving large scale data warehousing, real-time analytics, development, backed by proven ability and experience to lead technical and business analyst teams. My career vision is to design quality software by acquiring and implementing knowledge of technologies, architectures, frameworks and best development practices.My main strength is that I can take up any responsibility and can carry them out to the best of my ability. I do have problem solving capability. Around 10 years of my job experiences in different companies I have carried out many different role and responsibilities including Requirement Collection & Analysis , Software Design and Development, HR Recruiting and Process Improvement functions.Experience includes software development for micro-finance institutions (Microfinance Software), financial accounting management, human resource management, management information system for government bodies like SDF, garments company management, dynamic website development, web-optimizations(SEO).I have working experience with .NET, Java, Python and PHP technologies with MySQL, MS SQL Server, Oracle, NoSQ database. I’ve experience of developing software using popular frameworks like CodeIgniter, Zend, CakePHP, Symfony in PHP.Data Analysis Tools: Hive, Pig and Hadoop Streaming, MapReduce, R, MATLAB. I have participated in the 9+ workshops related to Project Management, Software Engineering, Quality Assurance and CMMI 5.# I completed Become a Data Scientist learning path on November 2, 2016. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Anisur Rahman’s Articles & Activity 1,140 followers Bangladeshi TV guide featuring complete program listings Anisur Rahman Alamgir - LSSBB, Data Scientist on LinkedIn See all articles M Manjur’s photo Anisur Rahman liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 7 endorsements for Data Mining 7 Data Mining Endorsed by 6 of Anisur Rahman’s colleagues at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Click and drag to reorder skills MySQL See 75 endorsements for MySQL 75 MySQL Endorsed by Milan Saha and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 46 of Anisur Rahman’s colleagues at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 6 endorsements for Big Data 6 Big Data Endorsed by 5 of Anisur Rahman’s colleagues at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (7) Md. Mahbubur Rahman Tito Senior Software Engineer at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited April 23, 2014, Anisur Rahman worked with Md. Mahbubur in the same group He is a very good team player, professional, genius guy. I am really enjoy working with him. Filippo Della Bianca Digital Entrapreneur & Strategist, Social Networking Expert, Content & Community manager, Owner diggita.it cinquee.it November 2, 2016, Filippo managed Anisur Rahman directly Anis is a fantastic developer, he has great problem-solving ability on the php code and mysql databases. He's costantly developing and updating new innovative solutions to improve the web services into modern standards. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Badsha Faysal Kabir Lead Manager at Grameenphone Ltd November 2, 2016, Anisur Rahman and Badsha were students together Mr. Badsha Faysal Kabir is a great personality to work with. His knowledge, integrity and professionalism is outstanding and remarkable. I wish him a good health and great success Md. Zohurul Islam Senior Software Engineer at DataSoft Systems Bangladesh Limited November 2, 2016, Anisur Rahman managed Md. Zohurul directly Mr. Zohurul Islam is a great personality to work with. His knowledge, integrity and professionalism is outstanding and remarkable. I wish him a good health and great success. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Interests SQABD 1,670 members WordPress Web Designers 44,054 members Entrepreneurship 16,576,398 followers CERTIFIED ETHICAL HACKER TRAINING 36 members Daffodil International University-DIU 17,032 followers foodpanda 20,723 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Winchell Practical Data Scientist Many Interesting Places Harvard University Gainesville, Florida Area 360 360 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I Question Therefore I AmCuriosity, Creativity, Skepticism and Grit are essential to a successful data scientist. I usethese character traits to ask a few good questions to increase the value of your value proposition.As a sometimes entrepreneur myself, I understand and apply the 80/20 rule to all problems asthere are too many valuable applications of data science to justify perfecting just one problem.My expertise is in making managers more successful by finding solutions to their most challenging known problems as well as ones they hadn’t realized they needed to solve. I’ve also helped them see when the solution is to pull the plug on an expensive endeavor. I’ve found solutions using technologies pushed beyond the industry’s known limits of size and speed and also developed novel, effective forecasting solutions using simple statistics and even manual data acquisition.You can do wonders with experienced insight constantly refreshed by a youth-like exploration of the possibilities, and I’m ready to do that for you.Executive summary:o Data scientist with decades of success in asking great questions and finding their solution.o SQL and performance guruo Highly accelerated assimilation of new skills, creation of methods when none exist and tactical exploitation of legacy solutions when best suited.o Passion for deep problems tempered by the agile practice that shipping is a feature.o Comfortable talking with c-levels about a forecast’s strategic implications, asking highly cited researchers about their seminal works, and describing the essence of complex issues to novices.o Strong preference for working on great teams, or helping develop those not yet there.Windows Tools: R, SQL Server, Python, Java and many other OOP, BI and DBMS products, some recently developed, some, not so much. Recent tools I am familiar with include spark, hadoop, hive, scala and cassandra.Methods: eXtreme Programming, OOD See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Skills Data Science Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server 2016 Microsoft SQL Server 2016 Click and drag to reorder skills R R Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning Machine Learning Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (7) Michael Mai Senior Leader & Technologist Specializing in Large Scale Systems December 18, 2015, Jeff worked with Michael in the same group I worked with Jeff in a high stress, must deliver environment in the days of abundant tech startups. We were peers at the time and I had always found Jeff to be one that __just got the job done__. He continually sought the best answers and never let obstacles hinder his progress; when he needed to learn a new technology or technique outside the immediate sphere of expertise he did so and always completed his goals. He had a singular focus for the task to be completed. In addition to this, Jeff always demonstrated a knack for coming up with very good solutions. In all, I found him to be a joy to work with and an essential person I would gladly partner with in any environment. Chuck Kelley Owner and Data Architect August 19, 2015, Chuck worked with Jeff but at different companies Working with Jeff on a ground breaking benchmark was a wonderful experience. Jeff was able to pick up new technology and the nuances of each new technology and apply that to the benchmark. Jeff is certainly someone to have on your team. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Jim Winchell Operations and Engineering Executive August 16, 2015, Jeff managed Jim directly Jim is the best manager I've ever seen. He thrives on solving people problems. Because of his empathy and problem solving skills, everyone wants to confide in him about their biggest challenges. Bill Ramos Chief Technology Storyteller at DB Best Technologies June 25, 2015, Jeff reported directly to Bill Bill is a rare exception to the Dilbert world of managers who manage because they can't do. Not only can this manager "do" when needed, the tasks normally delegated to subordinates, his knowledge of the huge variety of data tools is truly breathtaking. One of the smartest managers I ever had the pleasure of working for. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations
More Actions Prakhar has a account Prakhar Mehrotra Sr. Data Science Manager Uber California Institute of Technology San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Invited Speaker: -- Strata Conference: http://strataconf.com/big-data-conference-sg-2015/public/schedule/speakers-- Wharton Technology Conference 2015, The Wharton School of the University of PennsylvaniaI lead the team of really smart data scientists. Our team is responsible for building mathematical models which help Uber & ATG (Autonomous Technology Group) take data driven business decisions. I'm always looking for people with background in building statistical models, econometrics, time series analysis, some experience with machine learning. We are working on making Uber smarter about operating in a city by leveraging the power of data.My skills: Experience in analyzing large data sets and developing mathematical models which would help describe the data. My specialties include Scientific Computing, Quantitative Analysis, Time-Series Analysis, Stochastic Calculus, Machine Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Bayesian statistics, Hadoop, Visualization, Experimental DesignLanguages: R, Python, C++ See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Prakhar’s Activity 1,450 followers Getting ready for my talk at the Applied AI Conference in San Francisco. So exciting! Nice work Ben Benjamin Levy and Nicolai Wadstrom. Prakhar liked ​Come join us and ​network with Uber data scientists over beer and bites — and learn about the exciting things we do. Uber is looking for the brightest, analytical minds to help us solve the world’s most challenging problems. From easing city traffic to bringing opportunity to millions of people, come and see how you can join our team to make a positive impact. Date: ​Thursday, May 25th, 2017 Time: 4:30pm - 9:00pm Where: Uber 636 W. 28th Street, New York, NY RSVP here: https://lnkd.in/gQkP8dE Prakhar liked Uber Hires an AI Superstar in the Quest to Rehab Its Future Prakhar liked Data Scientist - Payments - San Francisco, CA - Uber Prakhar liked Neural Turing Machine Prakhar liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 25 endorsements for Data Analysis 25 Data Analysis Endorsed by Brian Baker and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Prakhar’s colleagues at Uber Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 24 endorsements for Python 24 Python Endorsed by Brian Boates and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Prakhar’s colleagues at Caltech Click and drag to reorder skills R See 22 endorsements for R 22 R Endorsed by Radhika Anand and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Prakhar’s colleagues at Uber Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Sydnie L. Tom Talent ✨ May 7, 2016, Prakhar worked with Sydnie L. in different groups I have worked with Sydnie for over 6 months at time of writing this recommendation. Sydnie was our main point of contact and lead for hiring university students. She has good sense of understanding the candidate requirements, the deadlines by which we need to hire and most importantly, she connects with people. She is easy to work with and is the main reason why I could hire 6 interns in short span of six months. Thanks Sydnie for your amazing work!.
More Actions J. Tod has a account 3rd degree connection3rd J. Tod Fetherling CEO at Perception Health Self University of Tennessee-Knoxville - College of Business Administration Greater Nashville Area, TN 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Health Data Geek, Nashville Technology Evangelist, Analytics, Visionary, Entrepreneur.Over the past 25 years, I have held positions as CEO, CPO, VP Business Development, Interactive Marketing, and Research Director. I have started companies and worked for a Fortune 50 Company. My professional career began in marketing research and after several pivots through the Internet, Healthcare Information Technology, and Media, I find myself back in health analytics, the disclipline I love so much.In each experience, I have learned about people, technology, and processes. It is the learning process that is the constant in my career.Specialties: Healthcare, Analytics, Marketing, Research, Big Data, Data Scientist, Industry Insights, Internet, Media, Cable See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Start-ups See 377 endorsements for Start-ups 99+ Start-ups Endorsed by Marcus Whitney and 20 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of J. Tod’s colleagues at Stratasan Click and drag to reorder skills Entrepreneurship See 283 endorsements for Entrepreneurship 99+ Entrepreneurship Endorsed by Nicholas Holland and 26 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of J. Tod’s colleagues at Stratasan Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 261 endorsements for Leadership 99+ Leadership Endorsed by Phil Suiter and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of J. Tod’s colleagues at Stratasan Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (21) Travis Ansel Director at HSG April 13, 2016, Travis was a client of J. Tod’s Tod is visionary in his approach to solving the issues that healthcare organizations are dealing with in today's environment. Jeri Carter Campaign Manager at Inuvo, Inc March 13, 2013, Jeri was a client of J. Tod’s Tod is extremely creative and knowledgable about analytics. He is always one step ahead of the curve. Tod not only have a detail oriented mine but he can also see the big picture. He can communicate in a way that anyone can understand which is very rare in someone who is so technology and data savvy. There is not a better person to work with if you have an analytical project. Tod is our go-to person when we have an idea or need. He always taken the project a step further than what we expected or even thought was possible. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Travis Ansel Director at HSG April 15, 2016, J. Tod worked with Travis but at different companies Travis is a rare individual that can talk about strategy and detailed operations. We have worked on several projects together an always appreciate his perspective. Highly recommend him for any planning projects in healthcare. Debbie Landers Senior Innovation and Product Leader May 1, 2015, Debbie worked with J. Tod in the same group I have worked side by side with Debbie at Jewish Hospital and as a partner with her at CHS. She is very forward thinking and great to work with on building strategic programs. She has a wide view of the market and not just the current situation. I would highly recommend her as a strategic asset to any team. View 19 more recommendations View 19 more recommendations recommendations Interests Sramana MitraSramana Mitra is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at One Million by One Million (1M/1M) 303,876 followers Jonathan BushJonathan Bush is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-founder at athenahealth 90,955 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,064,873 followers DJ PatilDJ Patil is a LinkedIn Influencer Former U.S. Chief Data Scientist; built & run product teams @ LinkedIn etc; done a bunch of security and some data too 458,681 followers Shara SenderoffShara Senderoff is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO at Something Gold/Forbes 30 Under 30 411,772 followers Community Health Systems 42,685 followers See all See all following
More Actions Data has a account Data Scientist Director Toronto, Ontario, Canada 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Pulse 1,535,232 followers
More Actions Jacob has a account Jacob Sisk Credit Suisse Labs Credit Suisse University of California, Los Angeles - The Anderson School of Management San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Building a lab for Credit Suisse in the Bay Area. Stay tuned! Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 96 endorsements for Analytics 96 Analytics Endorsed by Yogi Jashnani and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 26 of Jacob’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 88 endorsements for Machine Learning 88 Machine Learning Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jacob’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 48 endorsements for Big Data 48 Big Data Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Jacob’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Yingzhen (Emma) Shen Data Scientist at Capital One April 27, 2017, Jacob was senior to Yingzhen (Emma) but didn’t manage directly Emma is a first rate, top 1% data scientist. What I most appreciate about Emma is that she chooses her tasks jointly based on what is high leverage and where she will learn the most. A great example was one point where she took on a large Java project even though there were many more glamorous tasks. She wanted to learn an enterprise language and (correctly!) judged that the Java task was most valuable to the project. Emma is also very strong mathematically, capable of understanding a learning algorithm to its roots. Emma's value focus and relentless autodidacticism are special and inspiring. Ivy Lu Data Scientist at Capital One April 27, 2017, Jacob was senior to Ivy but didn’t manage directly I had the pleasure of working with Ivy at Capital One. Ivy is diligent, focused and has a great "Get Stuff Done" attitude. Her mathematical, data and engineering skills are first rate. Ivy is intensely practical, results focused and consistently added energy to and subtracted drama from the projects and teams on which she worked. Ivy also had a knack for creating space, drive and passion in those around her. I saw her galvanize others to do great work - she leads by example and then lets people run with it. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations
More Actions Miquel has a account Miquel Alfaras Data Scientist at AgroBigDate AgroBigDate Universitat de les Illes Balears Palma De Mallorca, Baleares, Spain 29 29 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Science enthusiast.Interested into the bridge between science, health and business solutions. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements C++ See 1 endorsement for C++ 1 C++ Manuel Valverde Fernández has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Physics See 1 endorsement for Physics 1 Physics Manuel Valverde Fernández has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 1 endorsement for Machine Learning 1 Machine Learning Manuel Valverde Fernández has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Università degli Studi di Perugia 38,216 followers IFISC Institute for Cross-Disciplinary Physics and Complex Systems (CSIC-UIB) 107 followers Your Career 7,191,535 followers Pulse 1,535,232 followers AgroBigDate 5 followers Universidad de Granada 114,822 followers See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Paris Data Scientist. Big Data Technologist Qrious Limited University of Auckland Auckland, New Zealand 345 345 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a Data Scientist with a passion for Technology, advanced Data Analytics, and Probabilistic Modelling. Personal ambition is to work with Data to extract value and communicate insights that enable positive change - in the business world, social systems, and also the environment.Technical expertise with Big Data including Hadoop (Pivotal HD) in excess of 1 Billion events / day along with SQL MPP and NoSQL databases HIVE, HAWQ, MongoDB, Cassandra. DOMAIN EXPERIENCE - Financial services- Telecommunications- Retail sector- Public service sector- Oil & Gas SOFT SKILLS- Consulting- Exploratory Data Analysis- Visual thinking & communicationTECHNOLOGY SKILLS- Hadoop ecosystem- Spark real-time analytics platform- Python for Data Science- Scala and Functional programming techniques (Map Reduce etc)- some "R" in there for good measure!Left IBM NZ of my own volition after nearly 6 years, to complete Data Science study courses from Massachusetts Institute of Technology EDX online "Big Data" and Stanford "Statistical Machine Learning". This is in addition to earlier courses by SAP HANA/Cloud/Mobile, 10Gen MongoDB, Waikato Uni WEKA etc.The final 2 years at IBM where in Information Architect and Data Science consulting roles on large-scale analytics projects for a confidential client.Contributed to Auckland Council data migration and consolidation project.Served as IBM Lead Architect on Products & Services at Vodafone, for multi-channel customer-centric services using Siebel CRM, Chordiant, UNICA, Campaign Manager.Prior to IBM NZ, i was in London UK performing data-related roles for major Financial Service institutions including Lloyds, Deutsche Bank, Barclays Bank. Principal Architect for retail solutions provider Wincor-Nixdorf with clients such as Argos and Specsavers.PRE 2000C/Unix and SQL Database Developer on real-time complex data projects - Marsden Point oil refinery, BHP NZ Steel, North Sea Offshore oil production. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Solution Architecture See 18 endorsements for Solution Architecture 18 Solution Architecture Endorsed by Andy Bush and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Richard’s colleagues at Qrious Limited Click and drag to reorder skills Integration See 16 endorsements for Integration 16 Integration Endorsed by mark pinder, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Richard’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills SOA See 16 endorsements for SOA 16 SOA Rob Pothan and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Loyalty New Zealand 1,433 followers Insuring For Digital Disruption 66 members University of Auckland 126,238 followers University of Auckland 136,208 followers New Zealand CIO Summit Network 990 members IBM 3,427,655 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jacob has a account Jacob Sisk Credit Suisse Labs Credit Suisse University of California, Los Angeles - The Anderson School of Management San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Building a lab for Credit Suisse in the Bay Area. Stay tuned! Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 96 endorsements for Analytics 96 Analytics Endorsed by Yogi Jashnani and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 26 of Jacob’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 88 endorsements for Machine Learning 88 Machine Learning Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jacob’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 48 endorsements for Big Data 48 Big Data Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Jacob’s colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills
More Actions Adi has a account Adi Andrei Senior Data Scientist and Social Entrepreneur Atypiko Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College London, United Kingdom 337 337 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Over 20 years of experience building real-world solutions for the likes of NASA, Phillips, Unilever, British Gas and others. Expert in machine learning, artificial intelligence, complex adaptive systems modeling and optimization. Highlights Skills Machine Learning Machine Learning Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining Data Mining Click and drag to reorder skills Artificial Intelligence Artificial Intelligence Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms Algorithms Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (2) Iqbal Adjali Senior Fellow - Modelling and Analytics at KAPSARC December 28, 2010, Iqbal was a client of Adi’s I have had the opportunity to work with Adi on a number of business critical datamining and modelling projects over the past two years. Adi stands out as a very knowledgable and creative datamining and intelligent systems expert, who keeps uptodate with the latest thinking and techniques in the field. His deep technical expertise is backed by a broad industrial experience and is matched by a first class customer focus. Adi is an excellent team player and a delight to work with. Magne Rekdal Medical Advisor at DIPS ASA February 10, 2007, Magne worked with Adi but at different companies Adi visited me in Bergen for a week, working on a research project. He is without doubt one of the most intelligent and capable people I have ever worked with. His insights and suggestions were very valuable to my project. I will continue to take advantage of his expertise and insights whenever I can. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Luke Raskino Entrepreneur, Innovator December 14, 2012, Adi was a client of Luke’s Luke has a very clear, creative and practical approach to mentoring. His advice is thought provoking and his recommendations are effective and time saving, being based on years of experience.I wholeheartedly recommend Luke for any start-up committed to get their business off the ground with minimal fuss and maximum efficiency. Najam Haq Architect at Propellerhead November 9, 2012, Adi reported directly to Najam I worked with Najam on various cutting edge projects and have been impressed with his ability to combine R&D proficiency with project management, and people skills. He is also very creative and does not hesitate to get his own hands dirty when necessary. I would certainly recommend Najam for any technical or scientific leadership role, where his unique combination of practical technical skills, and ability to mentor and motivate people can make a big difference. Interests The Psychology Network 257,052 members Data Scientists 49,118 members Atypiko 2 followers Souls Code 1,251 members meritwork.com 6 followers Data Science & Machine Learning 39,930 members See all See all following
More Actions Nicole has a account Nicole Fergie - Data Scientist Machine Learning | Python | SQL | Hadoop Scripps College University of Southern California Los Angeles, California 150 150 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am ready to start a new career after going through an immersive course in data science at General Assembly where I improved my skills in data analysis with Pandas and learned how to apply machine learning algorithms to interesting datasets. I am passionate about automatization, efficiency, and statistical analysis. I have always been highly interested in the fastest way to do something and building machines to do them for me. My interest in technology and computers along with my skills in mathematics have led me to the field of data science. The skills I've acquired over many years of schooling and work I believe are key to be successful in any data science role. As an intern in data analysis/engineering roles in various countries I have been dedicated to data driven insights and have seen the impact they can have on a company. Going forward I am excited to apply my newly honed skills and to bring change wherever I am.Technical Skills:PythonRC++JavaSQLAWSHTMLCSSHadoopSparkDatabricks See moreSee more of undefined summary Featured Skills & Endorsements Java See 4 endorsements for Java 4 Java Sulaimon Afolabi and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills HTML See 4 endorsements for HTML 4 HTML Colin Clemence - Data Scientist and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 3 endorsements for Python 3 Python Sulaimon Afolabi and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Southern California 355,620 followers Knewton 11,212 followers University of Southern California 334,931 followers Scripps College 7,368 followers General Assembly 28,553 followers SeatGeek 3,116 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sasanka (Sashi) has a account Sasanka (Sashi) gandavarapu Data Scientist The Home Depot University of California, Berkeley Atlanta, Georgia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A highly passionate data analytics professional with a well-rounded experience in all aspects of data science.At Home Depot, built an anomaly detection model in product sales that can capture $50M in lost sales. Project selected as showcase for ML applications in Google Cloud. Hired and managed a team of 10 data scientists and data analysts to perform location-based analytics at a startup. The company received high-volume high-velocity data (20Billion+ locations daily) from mobile network event logs.Key player in two consecutive years of 100% revenue growth in the startup while building technology to automate future deliverables.Built an optimization model that balances flow of $5B worth products across 100 vendors, multiple carriers and 8 distribution centers.Few practical applications of machine learning models:1. Leveraging Machine Learning to detect fake news - www.classify.news2. Deployed Machine Learning Models in the cloud – Google/AWS App Engine. 3. Predicting foot traffic of retailers/amusement parks using time series data to Wall Street.4. Predict number of vehicles owned by a household using publicly available data for urban planning.Advising a stealth start-up in the space of location data, credit card transactions and online marketing data. See moreSee more of undefined summary Featured Skills & Endorsements Big Data Analytics See 2 endorsements for Big Data Analytics 2 Big Data Analytics William (Bill) King PE and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 30 endorsements for Data Analysis 30 Data Analysis Endorsed by Sudalai Rajkumar and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Sasanka (Sashi)’s colleagues at AirSage Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science See 3 endorsements for Data Science 3 Data Science Brennan Borlaug and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (2) Liza Amar, EI, AICP Transportation Planner and Local Team Leader February 4, 2013, Sasanka (Sashi) worked with Liza in the same group Sashi is a skilled analysts with expertise in travel demand forecasting and data analysis. He has unique talents in code development and census data extraction and application. Additionally, Sashi has good written and oral communication skills and works well as a team member. Liang Zhou, PE Senior Transportation System Modeler at North Central Texas Council of Governments February 1, 2013, Sasanka (Sashi) worked with Liang in the same group Sashi is one of the brightest colleagues I ever worked with. He is very knowledgeable in the area of travel demand modelling and has strong analytical skills. I am very impressed by his capability of connecting the dots and finding the solution out of ambiguity when faced with tons of information.Besides, he is a big team player and so willing to go extra miles to help team members even besides his own assigned scope. I personally learned a lot from him and enjoy working with him ever since I came to know him. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Ayush Shrestha Writing software December 28, 2015, Sasanka (Sashi) managed Ayush directly Ayush was on my team for about 1.5 years. He has proven himself to be a great asset for the Data Science team. His expertise in data visualization is truly awesome. He has built various prototypes to perform data mining and visualization on some very large datasets that resulted in direct revenues for the company. Ayush possesses very good communication skills, shows passion to learn new things and teaches new technologies and processes to the team. I have greatly benefited working with him and would highly recommend him for any other data science team. Liza Amar, EI, AICP Transportation Planner and Local Team Leader February 8, 2013, Liza worked with Sasanka (Sashi) in the same group I have had the pleasure of working with Liza for the past four years and found her to be very knowledgeable and resourceful in the area of transportation modeling. She is dedicated, thorough and always gets the work done within time and budget. She is proficient in design and implmentation of software applications for travel forecasting, especially TransCAD. Liza is very patient in teaching things to junior staff, a great team player and a joy to work with. Interests Urban Engines 625 followers Citilabs 1,117 followers Kaggle 30,761 followers Indian Institute of Technology, Madras 56,540 followers University of Wisconsin-Madison 293,600 followers UC Berkeley School of Information 1,583 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anthony has a account Anthony Lake Principal Data Scientist at Complexica Complexica The University of Queensland Adelaide, Australia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Information Management, Content Management, Data Management, Resource Discovery - Search and Metadata, Business Intelligence, Predictive Analytics, Machine Learning, Data Science.Server, system, solution, business, integration and information architecture. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Solution Architecture See 72 endorsements for Solution Architecture 72 Solution Architecture Endorsed by Bruno Lanceleaux and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 36 of Anthony’s colleagues at Santos Ltd Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 47 endorsements for Business Analysis 47 Business Analysis Endorsed by Henk Harms and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 25 of Anthony’s colleagues at Santos Ltd Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence See 43 endorsements for Business Intelligence 43 Business Intelligence Endorsed by 25 of Anthony’s colleagues at Santos Ltd Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (11) Angus Ross Finance Solution Architect/ Senior Business Analyst- Finance Transformation at Cobham Aviation Services June 20, 2016, Anthony was senior to Angus but didn’t manage directly I worked with Anthony at Santos and his insight and thought leadership in the areas of Business Intelligence, Analytics and Integration was very well received. He always took the time to make sure I understood the issues, complexities, benefits and risks of options that were being considered. His guidance and mentoring was fantastic and invaluable for me.Anthony also led the organisation on the journey to move further up the Business Intelligence/ Analytics maturity curve. He assisted me in increasing the awareness and benefits to the broader finance community and leadership group of automated dashboarding/ reporting from the relevant solutions. Sim Goh Technical Project Lead / Solution Architect April 6, 2016, Anthony was senior to Sim but didn’t manage directly I've worked with Anthony over the best part of 4 years and as a senior manager he has the rare ability to listen, understand and act in logical and practical ways to produce real world outcomes.He has good and practical understanding of technology and people which is rare and valuable.I would be happy to work with Anthony in any number of roles, and recommend him highly. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Ben Moretti Data Scientist, Data Management and Governance December 1, 2016, Anthony managed Ben directly Ben is a multi-talented, passionate and very hard working person. He is comfortable and competent at all levels of work from complex analysis and reporting through to strategy formulation and execution, to senior stakeholder management. Ben has superior technical skills and experience across a wide range of different toolsets and technologies. He is an adept problem solver, deep thinker and skilled in negotiating. Ben is also a well-liked, helpful and supportive team member, happy to share skills and knowledge with others. I would thoroughly recommend Ben as an employee. Apurv Rohatgi SENIOR SCCM | MDM ENGINEER November 30, 2016, Anthony was senior to Apurv but didn’t manage directly Apurv is a dedicated, helpful and resourceful employee. He values customer satisfaction and works hard to ensure it at every opportunity. I have had many interactions with Apurv while at Santos and he has always delivered, going out of his way to make sure everything is working properly even in challenging circumstances. I would recommend him as a great employee. View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Interests AIIM Global Community of Information Professionals 35,239 members Santos-Alumni 41 members T. Boone PickensT. Boone Pickens is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chairman and CEO at BP Capital and TBP Investments Management 1,724,841 followers Complexica 125 followers Pulse 1,535,232 followers Semantic Enterprise 290 members See all See all following
More Actions Maria has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Maria Lupetini Data Scientist, Advanced Analytics Leader Qualcomm Technologies Incorporated MBA - Universtiy of Chicago, MS Operations Research - University of Minnesota Greater San Diego Area 301 301 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Leader in implementing Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning, and Big Data solutions at Fortune 500 companies. Domain expertise in mobile, internet, marketing, logistics and semiconductor.Founded and managed an "INC 500" company, InfoMaker Inc.Patents awarded for pattern recognition and predictive analytics applications.Speaker on Predictive Analytics, Pattern Recognition, Statistical, Operations Research and Data Warehousing topics. Former "SAS Quality Partner", Former "Oracle Business Alliance Partner"Specialties: Data Scientist: Expert in Predictive Analytics and Machine Learning. Diverse applications in pattern recognition, data mining, multivariate statistics, optimization and algorithm development. Extensive experience with Python, R, SAS, SPSS, Salford Predictive Modeler, Lindo, Lingo, SQL and Relational databases See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Engineeing Ops, Advanced Analytics and Asset Management Company Name Qualcomm Technologies Incorporated Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs Founded and lead QCT Engineering Advanced Analytics team to enhance semiconductor performance and improve engineering management operations. Extensive implementation of machine learning, statistics and Big Data solutions.In addition, founded and lead group which optimizes Qualcomm's EDA/CAD software asset portfolio. Group ensures that all Qualcomm hardware engineers worldwide have the proper balance of leased and purchases software to design and test the entire lifecycle of all semiconductor chips. Co-Chair for ten Data Mining Summits at Qualcomm. Patents awarded for pattern recognition and predictive analytics applications.Technologies Used: Python, R, SAS, JMP, SPSS, Salford Systems, Splunk, Tableau, Oracle, Cognos, Business Objects, SQL, Lindo, Excel President and Founder Company Name InfoMaker Inc Dates Employed Jan 1991 – Jun 2004 Employment Duration 13 yrs 6 mos President, Founder and "Rain-maker" of consulting firm specializing in data science and business intelligence. Company focused on marketing analytics, CRM, supply chain, Logistics, decision support, data warehousing and e-business. Majority of client base was Fortune 500 companies, including, Motorola, AT&T, Alltel, Kraft Foods, Sears Roebuck and Co., IBM, Quaker Oats, Hewitt Associates, United Airlines, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, Chicago Police Department, A. C. Nielsen, Pactiv, Commerce Clearing House, Pharmacia, Baxter Healthcare, Caremark RX, Cardinal Healthcare, Humana, Solucient Healthcare Information Systems,Lead InfoMaker Inc. to earn recognition from Inc. Magazine as INC 500 firm, one of the fastest growing, privately held firms in US in 1999. See http://www.inc.com/inc500/index.html VP Client Services & Chief Privacy Officer Company Name Keylime Software (now part of Yahoo) Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Dec 2000 Employment Duration 12 mos As part of the executive team, contributed to the Keylime's business strategy. Responsible for the delivery of the ASP web analytics products. Managed department of customer service and sales professionals. Education MBA - Universtiy of Chicago, MS Operations Research - University of Minnesota University of Chicago Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance & Marketing University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Degree Name MS Field Of Study Operations Research Activities and Societies: Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Optimization, Simulation. Awarded Graduate Fellowship to School of Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Predictive Analytics See 24 endorsements for Predictive Analytics 24 Predictive Analytics Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Maria’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 22 endorsements for Data Mining 22 Data Mining Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Maria’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 22 endorsements for Analytics 22 Analytics Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Maria’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Keith P. Jolley Senior IT Leader July 10, 2012, Keith P. was senior to Maria but didn’t manage directly I've worked with Maria for eight years now and she continues to impress me with her skills in finding the information needed and displaying it in a way that is easy to understand and act on. Her role in forecasting and optimizing our division's critical resources is very demanding yet Maria never fails to deliver. Maria works successfully across all levels of the organization: capturing requirements from junior engineers, getting roadmap information from senior managers, and presenting her forecasts to senior executives. Barry Matsumori Technology & Development Executive January 3, 2011, Barry was senior to Maria but didn’t manage directly Maria obviously has good analytical skills. What impressed me was her ability to take a complex set of issues, model it, then articulate the solution such that a broader audience could understand the problem and the solution. Further, one can discern whether a modeling exercise is useful or marginal based on referenceability. In Maria's case, her solution became the reference for future discussions on problem solving....proof in the pudding. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations AIDA Marketing Freelance Marketing & Research Consultant and Career Coach who maximizes potential of companies and individuals. October 25, 2008, Maria was a client of AIDA’S I highly recommend Susan Lee, founder of AIDA, and the Marketing Link. She is a strong leader and creative problem solver. Ms. Lee has provided my firm, InfoMaker Inc, professional services since 1990. Her understanding of business challenges and opportunities are wise and on the mark. Her expertise in marketing, marketing research and counseling are valued by her clients. Accomplishments Maria has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents On-chip thermal management techniques.... Generating a power model for an electronic device Interests Semiconductor Professional's Group 113,945 members Qualcomm 284,155 followers ACM SIGKDD & Annual KDD Conference 4,671 members University of Minnesota-Twin Cities 287,390 followers The University of Chicago 117,144 followers University of Minnesota-Twin Cities 283,300 followers See all See all following
More Actions Madhusudana has a account Madhusudana Shashanka Director, Data Science Charles Schwab Boston University Austin, Texas Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data scientist and applied researcher interested in all areas of machine learning and data mining. Experience across a variety of industries including retail, manufacturing, aerospace and social media. Sample applications include:* Enterprise security and user behavior analytics* Recommendation and personalization algorithms for social discovery* Spam detection in social networks* Diagnostics and health monitoring for aerospace systems* Energy fault detection and diagnostics in commercial buildings and HVAC systems* Applications in materials characterization and discovery* Retail data mining and customer segmentation* Audio source separation and denoisingExperience in identifying project opportunities, leading teams, mentoring data scientists and initiating/maintaining partnerships with academia. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Madhusudana’s Activity 536 followers Quite amazed to see Cédric Villani, a Fields Medalist (Nobel Prize in Mathematics) participate in politics. Madhusudana liked Sarkar invited talk positions UTRC as global leader in machine intelligence and deep learning Madhusudana liked ML for PHM 2017 Madhusudana liked The new hearing book is here! I'm somebody now! Madhusudana liked Great summary of the history leading up to the works of Goedel and Turing! Madhusudana shared this Exciting opportunity! Reach out to me if interested. Madhusudana shared this See all activity Experience Managing Director, Data Science and Machine Learning Company Name Charles Schwab Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Austin, Texas Area Co-Founder and Chief Scientist, Member of Technical Staff Company Name PetaSecure / Niara Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Sunnyvale, CA I joined the founding team of PetaSecure, an early stage startup focusing on enterprise security, to lead Data Science and Machine Learning. We were one of six companies chosen by Cisco for their Spring 2014 Entrepreneurs in Residence Program and the company was eventually acquired by Niara.In my stint at PetaSecure, I designed and implemented a generic anomaly detection framework on top of the Splunk platform as a custom splunk command that worked on arbitrary logs. I also implemented a Splunk custom command for classification. I played a key role in several customer demonstrations and investor pitches. At Niara, I oversaw the design and implementation of several machine learning models that are now a core part of the Niara Security Analytics platform. I focused especially on the user and entity behavior analytics modules. Media (2) This position has 2 media Clearing the Air: How Machine Learning Can Enable Data-based Cyber Security Clearing the Air: How Machine Learning Can Enable Data-based Cyber Security This media is a link Entrepreneur Spotlight: PetaSecure Entrepreneur Spotlight: PetaSecure This media is a video Senior Data Scientist III Company Name Tagged Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location San Francisco, CA Worked on social discovery and people recommendations. * Developed models for match recommendations and spam behavior detection.* Developed descriptive models to gain better understanding of the user base and built user-segmentation models.* Proposed a new personalized recommendation approach using SVD and matrix sketching.* Actively involved in recruitment and assessment of data scientists and data engineers, mentored junior data scientists and supervised their work.* Regularly engaged with product and executive teams* Represented Tagged at Machine Learning conferences and other external events. Staff Scientist, Principal Investigator Company Name United Technologies Research Center Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location East Hartford, CT Decision Support and Machine Intelligence Group - developed machine learning and decision support technologies for applications in fault detection, diagnostics and prognostics of complex engineered systems such as jet engines, helicopters, elevators and HVAC systems. * Analytics lead - developed data-driven approaches using machine learning for fault-detection and performance monitoring of HVAC systems, completed proof-of-concept demonstrations for US Dept of Defense and other UTC customers. Developed decision support tools for several projects with Pratt & Whitney, Sikorsky, UT Aerospace and other business units.* Principal Investigator - assembled multi-disciplinary teams and led projects for UTC Buildings and Industrial Systems (Otis Elevators) to develop decision support tools for field services. * Principal Investigator - led the Service Technologies Initiative, a high profile project focused on applying decision support technologies to applications in service operations.* Presented to UTC leadership (CEO, CTO and Business Unit Presidents), regularly presented to business unit engineering leadership. Engaged with peers across all business units to facilitate knowledge transfer and identify opportunities for joint projects.* Proposed and obtained funding for multiple innovation projects, contributed to several grant proposals to external funding agencies.* Was actively involved in recruitment and assessment of scientists; mentored junior researchers. Media (1) This position has 1 media Platform Technologies | United Technologies Research Center Platform Technologies | United Technologies Research Center This media is a link Research Scientist Company Name Mars Information Services Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Mount Olive, NJ I was part of a multi-disciplinary central business research group and internal think-tank that provides applied long-term research for Mars, Inc. My focus areas were machine learning, statistical modeling, data mining and applied math modeling.* Developed a retail data-mining solution to a large European retail chain - a leading customer of Mars - to identify consumers with "headroom" (unexploited spending ability) across various product categories.* Developed personalized ailment risk profiles for pets who visited Banfield - a chain of veterinary hospitals owned by Mars - by analyzing historical veterinary data.* Developed and implemented data mining solutions for several projects focusing on advertising and marketing effectiveness.* Regularly presented to clients and senior management.* Developed and maintained research contacts in industry and academia (CMU, Univ. of Central Florida, Santa Fe Institute) See more positions Education Boston University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Computational Neuroscience Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Media (1) This position has 1 media Dissertation: Latent Variable Framework for Modeling and Separating Single Channel Acoustic Sources Dissertation: Latent Variable Framework for Modeling and Separating Single Channel Acoustic Sources This media is a document Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani Degree Name BE (Hons.) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Photography, English Drama Club, Kannada Vedike National College Volunteer Experience Associate Editor, IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks and Learning Systems Company Name IEEE Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Dec 2015 Volunteer duration 2 yrs Cause Science and Technology Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 53 endorsements for Machine Learning 53 Machine Learning Endorsed by Partha Talukdar and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Madhusudana’s colleagues at if(we) Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 44 endorsements for Algorithms 44 Algorithms Endorsed by Ozgur Erdinc and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Madhusudana’s colleagues at if(we) Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 28 endorsements for Matlab 28 Matlab Endorsed by Alberto Speranzon and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Madhusudana’s colleagues at if(we) Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (4) Johann Schleier-Smith Board Member at if(we) August 20, 2014, Johann was senior to Madhusudana but didn’t manage directly We trusted Madhu with some of the our most difficult machine learning challenges. In this context he showed his deep knowledge of various techniques, a thoughtful approach to developing solutions, attention to detail, and disciplined understanding. I can't stress this enough -- Madhu is exceptionally sharp and pleasant to work with. Simon Hill Digital Strategy, Innovation, Design, and Product Management August 9, 2014, Madhusudana worked with Simon in the same group Madhu is an accomplished polymath, master data scientist, and machine learning expert. He's intensely practical while leveraging the most advanced developments of his field. He is dedicated, warm, collaborative, and can explain things in the simplest language that only those with great mastery of their discipline can do. It has been to my team's great benefit to have worked with him, and I am proud to have been his colleague and friend. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Beraj Dalal MTS at Niara, Inc. January 3, 2017, Madhusudana worked with Beraj in different groups Dedication and great attention to detail - these are qualities that immediately come to mind when I think about Beraj's work at Niara. I was struck by her commitment to do whatever it took to push quality releases in a timely manner. She brought order amidst all the chaos of developing a rapidly evolving software product with an ever expanding feature set. She grew the QA team and set a high bar for delivering quality releases, she is an asset to any organization. Dai Li Data Scientist at Airbnb July 16, 2014, Madhusudana was senior to Dai but didn’t manage directly Dai is a gifted data scientist with a natural talent for uncovering insights from data. He has a keen sense for detail and is very thorough in everything he does. Add to that a great personality and a willingness to help anybody who approaches him, he makes for an excellent colleague. I enjoy working with him, he is an asset to our team. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Madhusudana has 3 patents 3 Expand patents section Patents MERL Patents Niara Patents UTRC / UTC Patents Madhusudana has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Kannada Madhusudana has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Citations on Google Scholar Complete list of publications Madhusudana has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Senior Member, IEEE Interests Deep Learning Group 4,290 members Sarah TavelSarah Tavel is a LinkedIn Influencer General Partner at Benchmark Capital 23,082 followers Boston University 279,197 followers Niara, Inc. 1,062 followers BITS Pilani - Computer Science Alumni 337 members Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,432 members See all See all following
More Actions Eleisha has a account Eleisha Jackson Data Scientist at Livongo Livongo The University of Texas at Austin San Francisco Bay Area 314 314 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Eleisha’s Activity 314 followers Top 15 Python Libraries for Data Science in 2017 – ActiveWizards: machine learning company – Medium Eleisha shared this Deep Learning in Drug Discovery Eleisha liked Innovation Starts with Data Eleisha liked Join us May 4 in the Livongo Mountain View Office, and hear Baljeet Singh share best practices for building products for the largest market: Non-Millennials. Free food and drinks will be provided! http://bit.ly/2oYAccO Eleisha shared this See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name Livongo Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Insight Data Science Fellow Company Name Insight Data Science Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Palo Alto, CA * Used natural language processing techniques to develop ArtPath, a web application that provides personalized tours of the Metropolitan Museum of Art* Used Flask, JavaScript, CSS, and HTML to create the application front-end and used Python programming for backend analysis Graduate Researcher Company Name The University of Texas at Austin Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo * Selected from 14,000 applicants for a 2014 National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship (14% success rate)* Published two papers as the lead author and contributed to three other publications* Collaborated as part of a multi-lab government-funded project to investigate the evolution of viruses that cause hemorrhagic fever and death in humans * Developed a pipeline using Python and Rosetta to make computational predictions of virus-host protein-protein binding * Wrote quarterly reports that were integrated into project-wide reports for funding agency* Used linear regression and a supervised supported vector machine to predict the functional effects of deletions within proteins using structural characteristics (ex. solvent exposure)* Utilized R to conduct statistical analyses Computational Biologist Intern Company Name Macromoltek LLC Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Austin, Texas Area * Performed background research and contributed to writing a grant for the National Science Foundation which resulted in a two year funded project* Developed and tested software for protein modeling Graduate Teaching Assistant Company Name The University of Texas at Austin Dates Employed Aug 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Austin, Texas August 2012 - December 2012 Intro to Computational Biology FRI (BIO 321G) * Assisted students in learning basic biological concepts and computational skills such as python programming and basic statistical tests* Guided students through weekly computational projects* Graded student weekly lab reports * Helped students learn basic research skills such as experimental design, technical writing and research presentation as part of the Freshman Research Initiative (FRI) program January 2013 - May 2013 Laboratory Experiments in Biology (BIO 206L) * Taught students basic standard lab practices as well as a variety of basic experimenta laboratory techniques* Instructed and assessed students weekly on lab techniques* Gave weekly quizzes to students on previous material to assess learning* Graded student work on a weekly basis See more positions Education The University of Texas at Austin Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Ecology, Evolution and Behavior Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 University of Arizona Degree Name Degree: B.S Field Of Study Mathematics (Applied) Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: UA Science Ambassador (Fall 2010 - Spring 2012), Poetry Center Volunteer (Fall 2010 - Spring 2012) Minor in Biology, Art History Willow Canyon High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name University of Arizona Poetry Center Dates volunteered Sep 2010 – May 2012 Volunteer duration 1 yr 9 mos Cause Arts and Culture Volunteer Company Name Blanton Museum of Art : University of Texas at Austin Dates volunteered Sep 2013 – Jun 2016 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 10 mos Cause Arts and Culture Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 12 endorsements for Data Analysis 12 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Eleisha’s colleagues at Insight Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 2 endorsements for Statistics 2 Statistics Endorsed by Kirk Borne, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Programming See 6 endorsements for Programming 6 Programming Endorsed by 4 of Eleisha’s colleagues at The University of Texas at Austin Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Eleisha has 13 courses 13 Expand courses section Courses Calculus Computational Biology and Bioinformatics Genetics Genomics Intro to Computer Science Intro to Linear Algebra Introductory Biology I Introductory Biology II Mathematical Modeling Molecular Biology Eleisha has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications Intermediate divergence levels maximize the strength of structure–sequence correlations in enzymes and viral proteins Relationship between protein thermodynamic constraints and variation of evolutionary rates among sites Predicting evolutionary site variability from structure in viral proteins: buriedness, flexibility, and design Amino-acid site variability among natural and designed proteins Computational and Functional Analysis of the Virus-Receptor Interface Reveals Host Range Trade-Offs in New World Arenaviruses Eleisha has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations University of Arizona College of Science Ambassadors University of Arizona Mathcats Interests Asuragen 3,678 followers Business Insider 2,595,030 followers Calico Labs 7,315 followers Google 4,871,566 followers Macromoltek Inc 33 followers Pfizer 1,506,217 followers See all See all following
More Actions Maria has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Maria Lupetini Data Scientist, Advanced Analytics Leader Qualcomm Technologies Incorporated MBA - Universtiy of Chicago, MS Operations Research - University of Minnesota Greater San Diego Area 301 301 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Leader in implementing Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning, and Big Data solutions at Fortune 500 companies. Domain expertise in mobile, internet, marketing, logistics and semiconductor.Founded and managed an "INC 500" company, InfoMaker Inc.Patents awarded for pattern recognition and predictive analytics applications.Speaker on Predictive Analytics, Pattern Recognition, Statistical, Operations Research and Data Warehousing topics. Former "SAS Quality Partner", Former "Oracle Business Alliance Partner"Specialties: Data Scientist: Expert in Predictive Analytics and Machine Learning. Diverse applications in pattern recognition, data mining, multivariate statistics, optimization and algorithm development. Extensive experience with Python, R, SAS, SPSS, Salford Predictive Modeler, Lindo, Lingo, SQL and Relational databases See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Engineeing Ops, Advanced Analytics and Asset Management Company Name Qualcomm Technologies Incorporated Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs Founded and lead QCT Engineering Advanced Analytics team to enhance semiconductor performance and improve engineering management operations. Extensive implementation of machine learning, statistics and Big Data solutions.In addition, founded and lead group which optimizes Qualcomm's EDA/CAD software asset portfolio. Group ensures that all Qualcomm hardware engineers worldwide have the proper balance of leased and purchases software to design and test the entire lifecycle of all semiconductor chips. Co-Chair for ten Data Mining Summits at Qualcomm. Patents awarded for pattern recognition and predictive analytics applications.Technologies Used: Python, R, SAS, JMP, SPSS, Salford Systems, Splunk, Tableau, Oracle, Cognos, Business Objects, SQL, Lindo, Excel President and Founder Company Name InfoMaker Inc Dates Employed Jan 1991 – Jun 2004 Employment Duration 13 yrs 6 mos President, Founder and "Rain-maker" of consulting firm specializing in data science and business intelligence. Company focused on marketing analytics, CRM, supply chain, Logistics, decision support, data warehousing and e-business. Majority of client base was Fortune 500 companies, including, Motorola, AT&T, Alltel, Kraft Foods, Sears Roebuck and Co., IBM, Quaker Oats, Hewitt Associates, United Airlines, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, Chicago Police Department, A. C. Nielsen, Pactiv, Commerce Clearing House, Pharmacia, Baxter Healthcare, Caremark RX, Cardinal Healthcare, Humana, Solucient Healthcare Information Systems,Lead InfoMaker Inc. to earn recognition from Inc. Magazine as INC 500 firm, one of the fastest growing, privately held firms in US in 1999. See http://www.inc.com/inc500/index.html VP Client Services & Chief Privacy Officer Company Name Keylime Software (now part of Yahoo) Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Dec 2000 Employment Duration 12 mos As part of the executive team, contributed to the Keylime's business strategy. Responsible for the delivery of the ASP web analytics products. Managed department of customer service and sales professionals. Education MBA - Universtiy of Chicago, MS Operations Research - University of Minnesota University of Chicago Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance & Marketing University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Degree Name MS Field Of Study Operations Research Activities and Societies: Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Optimization, Simulation. Awarded Graduate Fellowship to School of Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Predictive Analytics See 24 endorsements for Predictive Analytics 24 Predictive Analytics Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Maria’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 22 endorsements for Data Mining 22 Data Mining Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Maria’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 22 endorsements for Analytics 22 Analytics Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Maria’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Keith P. Jolley Senior IT Leader July 10, 2012, Keith P. was senior to Maria but didn’t manage directly I've worked with Maria for eight years now and she continues to impress me with her skills in finding the information needed and displaying it in a way that is easy to understand and act on. Her role in forecasting and optimizing our division's critical resources is very demanding yet Maria never fails to deliver. Maria works successfully across all levels of the organization: capturing requirements from junior engineers, getting roadmap information from senior managers, and presenting her forecasts to senior executives. Barry Matsumori Technology & Development Executive January 3, 2011, Barry was senior to Maria but didn’t manage directly Maria obviously has good analytical skills. What impressed me was her ability to take a complex set of issues, model it, then articulate the solution such that a broader audience could understand the problem and the solution. Further, one can discern whether a modeling exercise is useful or marginal based on referenceability. In Maria's case, her solution became the reference for future discussions on problem solving....proof in the pudding. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations AIDA Marketing Freelance Marketing & Research Consultant and Career Coach who maximizes potential of companies and individuals. October 25, 2008, Maria was a client of AIDA’S I highly recommend Susan Lee, founder of AIDA, and the Marketing Link. She is a strong leader and creative problem solver. Ms. Lee has provided my firm, InfoMaker Inc, professional services since 1990. Her understanding of business challenges and opportunities are wise and on the mark. Her expertise in marketing, marketing research and counseling are valued by her clients. Accomplishments Maria has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents On-chip thermal management techniques.... Generating a power model for an electronic device Interests University of Minnesota-Twin Cities 287,390 followers The University of Chicago 125,762 followers Advanced Analytics 28,526 members San Diego Analytics Professionals 369 members Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,432 members The University of Chicago 117,144 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alexey has a account Alexey Ferapontov Data Scientist at Market Track Market Track Kansas State University Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent SUMMARY- I am a scientist specializing in data transformation, data mining, and statistical analysis. I studied and worked in experimental particle physics for 13 years: IHEP in Protvino, D0 at Fermilab, and CMS at CERN. I published original research results in the leading journals in the field, observed a rare standard model process for the first time in the world, set stringent limits on trilinear gauge couplings (included in the Particle Data Group), and searched for new phenomena processes.Starting November 2014, I am a data scientist at Market Track, applying my expertise in data analysis of advertisement data. - Over a decade and a half of experience in data analysis, applied statistics, and software engineering. - Expert in R, C++, ROOT, FORTRAN, PAW- Strong knowledge of SQL, Python- Hands-on experience with HTML- Familiarity with MATLAB and other statistical software- Excellent communication, analytical and troubleshooting skills- Strong leadership and capacity to work as a team player- Ability to work well with minimal supervision, fast learner- Eager to learn new methods, technologies, structures, and tools See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Market Track Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Chicago Area - Analysis of advertisement data. Research and algorithm development for data cleansing, data transformation and processing. Natural Language Processing.- Software development for data quality monitoring, data cleaning. - Exploratory and statistical analysis. Predictive analysis of ad drop date and timing of the ads completeness across all markets.- Mapping between databases- Integration between different data platforms- Developing classifiers for ads product descriptions- Data normalization between multiple platforms- Building an ad action classifier based on historical data and ad attributes- Developing ad filters to improve entry efficiency Data Scientist / Postdoctoral Research Associate Company Name Brown University Dates Employed May 2009 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location CERN (Geneva, Switzerland), Fermilab (Batavia, Illinois, USA) - Data analysis. State-of-the-art results in several topics in particle physics published in peer-reviewed journals: supersymmetry, electroweak physics, physics with quarks, exotic standard model extensions, extra dimensions and black holes.- Delivered a novel data-driven method of estimating the quantum chromodynamics background using low multiplicity data as a template and extrapolating the fit to higher multiplicities in the CMS experiment.- High Level Trigger. Designed, developed, deployed and supported algorithms for real time data filtering and deployed it on terabyte-scale data streams. Real time data quality control.- Simulations. Coordination of the the Monte Carlo generation for the Exotica and Trigger Studies Groups. Resulted in a number of results in time for major conferences and publications in physics journals worldwide.- Facilitator in the CMS Data Analysis Schools for four years in a row: long exercise on black holes, short exercises on event visualization and generators.- Facilitator of the Exotica MC and Trigger Studies MC groups, facilitator of the Topic of the Week project.- Tutorials in data analysis, analysis software, and event generators for the personnel.Skills:Statistics and Data Analysis: exploratory analysis, regression, cross validation, simulation, multivariate data analysis, neural networks, R, ROOT, PAW, SQL, MATLAB, other tools.Big Data: handling, management, production, and storing large (hundreds of terabytes) datasets.Programming: C++, Python, FORTRAN, shell, HTML, Java, JavaScript. Batch job submission.Machine Learning: multivariate analysis, boosted decision trees, random forests. Instruction: author of multiple tutorials on analysis and simulation. Mentor of three graduate students. Data Scientist / Postdoctoral Research Associate at Brown University Company Name CERN Dates Employed May 2009 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Research Associate at Kansas State University and Postdoctoral Research Associate at Brown Universit Company Name Fermilab Dates Employed 2004 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 10 yrs Data scientist Company Name Fermilab Dates Employed 2004 – 2014 Employment Duration 10 yrs See more positions Education Kansas State University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Lomonosov Moscow State University (MSU) Degree Name BSc, MSc with highest distinction Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 48 endorsements for Statistics 48 Statistics Endorsed by Gena Kukartsev and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alexey’s colleagues at Market Track Click and drag to reorder skills Physics See 38 endorsements for Physics 38 Physics Endorsed by Andrey Korytov and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Alexey’s colleagues at CERN Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 35 endorsements for Data Analysis 35 Data Analysis Endorsed by Denis Perevalov and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Alexey’s colleagues at Brown University Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alexey has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards LHC Physics Center (LPC) Distinguished Researcher Universities Research Association (URA) Visiting Scholar LHC Physics Center (LPC) Junior Fellow Alexey has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Search for microscopic black holes in pp collisions at √s = 8 TeV Zγ → νν ̄γ production and limits on anomalous ZZγ and Zγγ couplings in pp ̄ collisions at √s = 1.96 TeV Full publication list Alexey has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Russian Interests Kansas State University 130,274 followers CareerEncore 3,160 followers Allstate 147,548 followers Market Track 2,378 followers Roy Talman & Associates, Inc. 2,913 followers ROOT 1,616 members See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Wang Chief Data Scientist at Alorica Alorica Massachusetts Institute of Technology Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Advanced analytics of "Big Data" for high impact business insights and opportunities. E-commerce pricing and conversion, inventory optimization, high performance logistics, supply chain, and customer-focused business operations. Management and leadership spans large, public-sector organizations, to fast-growing Silicon Valley startup.Specialties: • Strategic Planning/ Business Planning • Operations and Administration• Business Process Reengineering • Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Logistics• Budgeting and Cost Management • Communications and Change Management• Data and Statistical Analysis • Client Relationship and Project Management See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Data Scientist Company Name Alorica Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Alorica is a worldwide leading provider of customer management outsourcing solutions spanning the entire customer lifecycle. Alorica’s award-winning Business Process Outsourcing services span both the Business-to-Consumer (B2C) and Business-to-Business (B2B) sectors across all industries for Fortune 1000 companies. Chief Data Scientist Company Name ESO Venture Fund Dates Employed Jan 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos The Employee Stock Option fund provides non-recourse cash advances to cover the expenses associated with exercising stock options. These employee-friendly financings have no principal or interest payment requirements until liquidity is reached. Chief Data Scientist Company Name Chegg Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos "Big Data" analyst transforming the "Netflix" for textbooks into the largest connected network of students. Report to Chegg CIO. Director, Business Process Integration Company Name Chegg Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Business analytics and process integration at Chegg.com, Santa Clara, CA venture-funded startup that rents textbooks to college students. Report to Chegg VP, Information Technology & Customer Service Senior Researcher Company Name RAND Corporation Dates Employed 1994 – 2010 Employment Duration 16 yrs 16 years experience at the RAND Corporation, leading non-profit "Think Tank," including work on a broad range of technology, energy, infrastructure, and defense projects. Led cross-functional teams to dramatically improve U.S. Army logistics and supply management efficiencies. See more positions Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name Sc.D. Field Of Study Particle Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1994 • National Science Foundation Graduate Fellowship, 1988-1991• MIT Karl Taylor Compton Award, 1994 - Highest student honor for citizenship• MIT William L. Stewart Award, 1992 - Outstanding Service as Graduate Resident Tutor Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name S.B. Field Of Study Physics, Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 • MIT Joel Matthew Orloff Physics Prize, 1986 - Top undergraduate physics researcher Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 53 endorsements for Analytics 53 Analytics Endorsed by Srikrishna Shrinivas, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mark’s colleagues at Alorica Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 41 endorsements for Start-ups 41 Start-ups Endorsed by Michael Ni and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mark’s colleagues at Alorica Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 26 endorsements for Leadership 26 Leadership Endorsed by Andrew Lange, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mark’s colleagues at Alorica Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Vijay Raghavendiran Director of Global Web, Digital Marketing & Operations at BlueJeans Network April 30, 2015, Mark was senior to Vijay but didn’t manage directly Vijay is one of the smartest business leaders I've had the pleasure to work with. Insightful and collegial, Vijay used data-driven stories and communications skills to help the company with both operations and strategy. Beyond marketing analytics, he quantified the lifetime-value of customers, found key drivers for increasing their business value, and actionable projects to implement positive change. HIs experience spanning large, established companies and small startups gives him the ability to guide both growth strategies and paths to achieve success. Chuck Konrad Director, Global Technical Recruiting and Veterans Programs at Palo Alto Networks September 30, 2010, Mark worked with Chuck in different groups Big career changes sometimes require a ‘Leap of Faith.’ Chuck’s great experience helped me and others see exciting career paths and opportunities down the road. He was instrumental in elevating the caliber of our fast-growing start-up with quality, strategic hires. Every client is personal to him, and he is exceptional at staffing not just for capabilities, but also for the right ‘fit’ between individuals and organizations. I highly recommend Chuck. Accomplishments Mark has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications How to Leverage Data Science to Provide Insanely Great Customer Experience A Gap Analysis of Life Cycle Management Commands and Best Purchasing and Supply Management Organizations Interests Supply Chain Analyst 6,916 members Chief Data Officer 10,080 members Massachusetts Institute of Technology 277,279 followers Business Analysts 139,844 members Chegg Inc. 14,873 followers MIT Massachusetts Institute of Technology Alumni 44,461 members See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Bentley Data Scientist, Marketing Director, and Product Lead Open Development, Inc Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Founded Open Development, Inc. with a mission of bringing the benefits of predictive analytics to companies who otherwise lack their own top-tier data science capabilities.Part consulting firm and part data analytics product development, we leverage lean startup and agile development methodologies to collaboratively solve real-world business problems faster and at lower cost than in-house development.ODI's first product, CanIRank? (www.canirank.com) helps marketers improve efficiency and effectiveness by identifying high impact SEO changes.ODI's second product, Pretarget.com, leverages machine learning to identify, score, and classify potential B2B customers before they begin searching for your product or services.ODI's third product, GrowthAI.com monitors marketing data for your website and competitors, then uses a predictive analytics-based recommendation engine to score each opportunity according to projected value, difficulty, and likelihood of success.Previously Bentley served as CEO of Sedo.com and Chief Strategy Officer of Sedo GmbH, helping grow the company from startup to 9 figures revenue, 140 employees, and successful exit via reverse IPO. Bentley managed international teams responsible for product management, marketing, business development, and strategy across 9 countries in Europe, North America, and Asia. Bentley has been featured in the Wall Street Journal, Financial Times, CNET and elsewhere, and is a regular speaker at conferences such as Predictive Analytics World, Global Big Data Conference, NamesCon, InternetWorld, and Search Engine Strategies.Bentley holds a BS in Management Science and Engineering from Stanford University with a focus on Financial and Decision Analysis, and a Master's in International Finance from Kedge Business School (France).Specialties: Data science, predictive analytics, marketing strategy, product management, people management, business development, organic growth marketing, go-to-market strategy See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Matt’s Articles & Activity 1,260 followers [STUDY] What is the ideal content length for SEO? Matt Bentley on LinkedIn See all articles How to Define a Content Amplification Process Matt liked See all activity Experience CEO & Chief Scientist Company Name Open Development, Inc Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Half data analytics technology provider and half consulting firm, Open Development brings the benefits of machine learning to companies who lack their own in-house data science teams.As Chief Scientist, I utilize lean startup techniques to develop and refine B2B data analytics product concepts in consultation and in some cases direct collaboration with C-level executives at customer firms. I also design and implement the machine learning models for all products, and lead a team of 6 designers and software engineers in their development, acting as both Product Manager and Project Manager. As Founder, I do pretty much everything else, including hiring, training, and managing sales and marketing staff; pitching clients, negotiating contracts, defining efficient operational processes, and managing the company's finances. Also manage the company's consulting side, which includes hiring, training, and managing 14 consultants, as well as defining overall strategy for organic marketing campaigns, go-to-market strategy, and bespoke data analytics projects. To grow and maintain our consulting side I'm in daily contact with C-level executives from client firms to pitch new ideas and coordinate our team's collaboration.Launched CanIRank.com, the only SEO software that uses machine learning to make ranking data actionable and understandable even for those without SEO expertise: an "SEO consultant in a box"​.Launched Pretarget.com, a predictive analytics platform to identify, score, and categorize prospective customers early in the marketing funnel. All the benefits of bespoke data science consulting, but leveraging a shared infrastructure capable of generating a custom predictive scoring model specifically for your business at 1/100th the cost of building in-house.Launched GrowthAI.com, a recommendation engine that leverages neural network-trained classifiers and scorers to sift through your marketing data and identify your highest potential growth opportunities. Media (3) This position has 3 media Pretarget.com Pretarget.com This media is an image Keyword difficulty & SEO competitive analysis tool - CanIRank Keyword difficulty & SEO competitive analysis tool - CanIRank This media is a link Growth AI: Find growth opportunities hidden in your marketing data Growth AI: Find growth opportunities hidden in your marketing data This media is a link Founder & Chief Scientist Company Name CanIRank? - SEO Software for Competitive SEOs Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area CanIRank uses the power of machine learning to turn your SEO and online marketing data into specific actionable steps that you can take to improve your rankings and grow your traffic. As Chief Scientist I built CanIRank's data models using neural net and support vector machine algorithms. The resulting models can predict the ordering of Google results with nearly 60% accuracy, over twice as accurate as other SEO tools. Devised and led product launch and marketing that attracted over 8,000 business customers using almost exclusively organic channels. Hire, train, and manage team of 14 marketing consultants. Pitch strategy to new consulting clients, typically directly to C-level execs or founders. For over 30 Full Service clients ranging from startup to Fortune 1000, I develop a strategy and manage consultant teams in its execution in collaboration with the client, with a particular focus on FinTech, Ecommerce, and startups. Media (1) This position has 1 media CanIRank: the best SEO software for keyword research and competitive analysis CanIRank: the best SEO software for keyword research and competitive analysis This media is a link Consulting, concept development, and improving technical skills Company Name Independent Dates Employed 2009 – 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Applied lean startup techniques to evaluate and iterate product concepts using customer interviews, landing pages, and concierge MVPs. Ended up falling in love with machine learning and devouring every book I could get my hands on while getting applied practice and 1-on-1 coaching from Dean Abbott of Abbott Analytics. Also taught myself PHP, Ruby, and Ruby on Rails, developed over a dozen websites and consulted with startups and established companies on product and marketing strategy; the most memorable engagement was designing a quantitative valuation model for intangible assets that could withstand the scrutiny of the courts. Chief Strategy Officer Company Name Sedo GmbH Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Responsible for the company's global product, marketing, and strategic direction. Also managed ~15 employees from 7 different countries, including the Product Management, Business Development, and Marketing Teams. Collaborated with international sales teams to collect customer requirements and devise solutions balancing varying needs of international markets with highly constrained technical resources. Worked closely with CTO and engineering team to build product into a top 100 online media property reaching 40 million unique visitors a month and boasting over half a million registered users. Designed and product managed a revamping of monetization analytics tools, an automated valuation system, anomaly-based fraud detection system, and a system that used multivariate testing to automatically optimize page layouts for optimum monetization. CEO Company Name Sedo.com, LLC Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Mar 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Boston Area Established Sedo's US subsidiary and grew the company to 20 employees and > 10 million dollars revenue. Devised go-to-market strategy and product managed the launch of a new monetization product that grew to become the company's largest revenue source. Negotiated partnerships and transactions with C-level executives at companies ranging from startup to Fortune 500. Using primarily organic channels, grew website traffic ~10x. Devised and implemented several successful PR campaigns, did lots of media interviews (newspaper, radio, and television), spoke at conferences, organized events with 100+ attendees. Hired, trained, and managed employees, building a warm and supportive company culture that many former employees describe as the best working environment of their career. Particularly proud that during my tenure as CEO we never lost an employee. See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name BSE Field Of Study Management Science and Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Columnist - The Stanford Daily, Theme Associate - La Maison Française, Structured Liberal Education, Director of Technology - Stanford Pre-Business Association, Instructor - Stanford Climbing KEDGE Business School Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study International Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 Activities and Societies: Founder, Interact; Club des Arts Theatre Troupe; AIESEC Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Management See 33 endorsements for Product Management 33 Product Management Endorsed by 2 of Matt’s colleagues at CanIRank? - SEO Software for Competitive SEOs Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 25 endorsements for Strategy 25 Strategy Endorsed by 3 of Matt’s colleagues at CanIRank? - SEO Software for Competitive SEOs Click and drag to reorder skills Product Development See 10 endorsements for Product Development 10 Product Development Sara Ryan and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (10) Given (7) Diane Ellis Scalisi Brand Marketing Manager March 17, 2017, Diane Ellis reported directly to Matt Matt is a pioneer in digital marketing – a field that often seems crowded with misinformation and superstition on the one hand, and complex, inaccessible analytics on the other. It’s within this gaping hole in the marketplace that Matt has positioned his company and software solutions. Drawing on his experience and knowledge as a data scientist, Matt uses predictive analytics and machine learning to make sophisticated elements of digital marketing accessible to entrepreneurs and small businesses. In my experience working with Matt as my manager, I found him to possess a rare mix of creativity and strategic mindset. Not only did Matt act as the company’s visionary, motivating the team to collaborate in pursuit of the big picture, but he also was able to communicate product strategy and the path toward success in a way that seemed attainable.Matt always made me feel like a collaborator, rather than an employee, which I believe testifies to his strengths as a leader. I highly recommend working with Open Development and Matt Bentley in any capacity. Josh Brown Sr. SEO Account Executive at Digital Reach March 22, 2017, Josh reported directly to Matt When Matt walks in a room the average IQ jumps by a standard deviation.While working with Matt I was constantly taken aback by his intelligence. It wasn't necessarily the sheer amount of what Matt knew that was so impressive (although that was impressive in and of itself), but how effectively he wielded his knowledge to get tangible results very fast.It's rare to see a person of such analytical nature also have a deep creative understanding of his work, and charisma and personality to go along with.Matt is one of those rare few who can be placed in most any situation and find a way to succeed, but more importantly succeed quickly. I was fortunate enough to be able to look over Matt's shoulder on many occasions, learning from him while he worked, gleaning insights on all kinds of topics Matt had seemed to have mastered: sales, SEO, data science, PR, journalism, marketing, psychology, machine learning...you name it. One of the only qualms I had working with Matt was that I had to constantly be learning and absorbing information just to keep up with him—quite a problem to have, and needless to say I learned a ton!To say Matt is ten steps ahead would be an understatement.As of right now, the SEO industry is 'supported' by software, but in the very near future, the SEO industry will be fully 'based' on software, with much of it replacing our jobs as SEOs. Specifically, that will be machine learning and AI-enabled software. CanIRank is already at the forefront of this insanely complex movement and while everyone else is still scrambling to figure out how it works, Matt has already managed to package all of it up into a streamlined application that a novice marketer can figure out in a day. It's incredible, and despite having access to every top-grade SEO tool on the market I still make use of CanIRank on a daily basis.But, beyond all of Matt's professional acumen, I think his greatest quality is that he is just a genuinely great human. Matt is extremely considerate, listens intently to (and actively requests) your input, and is willing to mentor and pass on his considerable knowledge. Matt is definitely the kind of guy you want to work for, work with, partner with or—most importantly—just go grab a beer with. :) View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Diane Ellis Scalisi Brand Marketing Manager February 1, 2017, Matt managed Diane Ellis directly Diane was our first growth marketing hire at a young startup in a very competitive industry, a role that required both setting the right strategy and efficiently implementing a number of processes for the first time. Almost immediately, Diane was able to make positive contributions across the company, contributing ideas on the product and organizational level as well as in marketing, and even stepping in to help out clients from time to time. Diane displayed a high level of self-direction and was able to concurrently advance a number of complex projects without much coaching: every startup Founder's dream! Perhaps most importantly, our entire team enjoyed working with her and learned something in the process. I'd recommend Diane without reservations for any management role, especially in fast-paced growth environments requiring that rare combination of creativity and ingenuity at the strategic level, and efficient process orientation on the operational level. Natalia Kirejczyk UI and UX Designer June 16, 2015, Matt managed Natalia directly Natalia is both a talented designer and easy to work with. She listens carefully to feedback and incorporates her own creative solutions to come up with a consistently awesome result! View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Matt has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Predictive Analytics Practitioner Interview Series: Matt Bentley at CanIRank How Marketers Work: SEO and Data Science Interview with GrowthHacks.ninja Matt Bentley on SEO tools, keywords & the future Matt has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages French German Spanish Interests BloomReach 5,064 followers Blurtopia 12 followers SEO Inc 5,167 followers UnGagged 164 members Piston Agency 3,947 followers KEDGE Business School 59,006 followers See all See all following
More Actions Abhishek has a account Abhishek Thakur Principal Data Scientist @ Productsup Productsup University of Bonn Berlin, Berlin, Germany 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent **Kaggle achievements**:Competitions GrandmasterHighest World Rank : 3Kaggle profile: http://www.kaggle.com/abhishekI hold a Master's degree in Computer Science from University of Bonn. In my free time, I like to take part in machine learning competitions and have taken part in over 100 competitions. My research interests include automatic machine learning, deep learning, hyperparameter optimization, computer vision, image analysis and retrieval and pattern recognition. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Abhishek’s Articles & Activity 2,776 followers Clickbaits Revisited: Deep Learning on Title + Content Features to Tackle Clickbaits Abhishek Thakur on LinkedIn See 13 more articles PSA If you write me saying you need my help, I will not reply. If I don't know me, and you *need* my help, that seems like you're not great at managing resources and time, and that's not a great basis for working with someone. Abhishek liked GitHub - abhishekkrthakur/is_that_a_duplicate_quora_question Abhishek replied to a comment Mastering Java for Data Science Abhishek commented See all activity Experience Principal Data Scientist Company Name Productsup Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Berlin Area, Germany Principal Data Scientist Company Name New Yorker Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Braunschweig Area, Germany Senior Data Scientist Company Name Searchmetrics, Inc Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Berlin Research Assistant Company Name University of Paderborn Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Paderborn, Germany Artifical Intelligent Systems and Business Intelligence Data Scientist (Freelance) Company Name LYTIQ GmbH Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Paderborn Area, Germany See more positions Education University of Bonn Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 National Institute of Technology Surat Degree Name B.Tech Field Of Study Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Association of Computing and Machinery(ACM), SAE-India, National Institute of Technology Surat Degree Name B.Tech Field Of Study Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Projects:-Cell Contour Detection and Cell Classification In Biomedical Images ; Image Fusion For Context Enhancement - Done under Dr. S. Patnaik in SVNIT; Fingerprint Minutiae Extraction - Done under Dr. S. Patnaik in SVNIT; Fingerprint Recognition System - Done under Dr. S. Patnaik in SVNIT See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 161 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Stanislav Semenov and 35 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Abhishek’s colleagues at New Yorker Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 105 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Marios Michailidis and 26 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Abhishek’s colleagues at Searchmetrics Click and drag to reorder skills Pattern Recognition See 110 endorsements for Pattern Recognition 99+ Pattern Recognition Endorsed by Isabelle Guyon and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Abhishek’s colleagues at Searchmetrics Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Alexey Grigorev Data Scientist at Searchmetrics November 24, 2016, Abhishek was senior to Alexey but didn’t manage directly Abhishek's machine learning and data science skills were an invaluable addition to the Data Science team at Searchmetrics.With his ability to quickly prototype, deploy new models and iterate on the feedback, he completed a lot of projects, including learning how Google ranks, feature recommendation engine, query intent classification and many others. I often had a chance to discuss these projects with Abhishek, and every time I learned new useful tricks.He also shared his knowledge outside of working hours: we did a couple of kaggle competitions together and his knowledge and practical advice were crucial in achieving a good rank there.It was a pleasure to work with Abhishek and I hope our career paths will cross again in the future. Kai Londenberg Data Scientist at VW DataLab July 22, 2016, Kai managed Abhishek directly Abhishek is simply one of the best and most clever Data Scientists and Machine Learning practicers I have ever met. His Kaggle rankings proved him to be world-class when we hired him, and I was and still am really glad we could win him over. As a member of the Data Science Team at Searchmetrics which I led, he excelled in every task we gave him, while coming up with lots of initiatives on his own and winning or achieving top placements in Kaggle Competitions in his spare time. He's passionate about Machine Learning and applying it to make a real difference. I definitely enjoyed learning some tricks from him, and hope there were also a few things left over that he could learn from me. Last but not least, he's a friendly and helpful guy to work with, and I definitely would like to work with him again in the future. Alexey Grigorev Data Scientist at Searchmetrics November 24, 2016, Abhishek was senior to Alexey but didn’t manage directly Alexey is one of the most hard working and intelligent persons I have ever worked with. He has a very good understanding of machine learning algorithms and data science and tries to approach problems in unique ways. Alexey thinks outside the box and was one of the very few persons in the data science team at Searchmetrics I could connect with on an intellectual level. Alexey is always excited to discuss and brainstorm new problems and ideas. What makes him different from the crowd is not just his hard work but also his effectiveness in implementing data science solutions which are useful and effective for the company, its products and the users. It was a pleasure working with Alexey and I would like to work with him again in future. Accomplishments Abhishek has 12 honors 12 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Winner: Naive Bees Classification Challenge 2nd/2225 Springleaf Marketing Response Challenge 3rd / 3514 Otto Group Product Classifiation Challenge Rank 3rd - Countable Care: Modeling Women's Health Care Decisions Winner - Box Plots for Education Rank 10th - KDD Cup 2014 Rank 7th - Acquire Valued Shoppers Challenge Rank 10th - The Random Number Grand Challenge Rank 4th - Crowdflower Partly Sunny with a Chance of Hashtags Rank 6th - StumbleUpon Evergreen Classification Challenge Abhishek has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses Computer Animation Foundations of Graphics Foundations of Vision and Audio Image Processing: Retrieval and Analysis Intelligent Information Systems Mobile Robots Network Security Pearls of Algorithms Temporal Information Systems User Centered Software Design Abhishek has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects Group recommendation to enhance interactive TV services Descreening of Document Images Implementation of Image Processing Algorithms on Microcontrollers Cell Contour Detection in Biomedical Images Fingerprint Feature Extraction and Recognition Abhishek has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English German Hindi Abhishek has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications AutoCompete: A Framework for Machine Learning Competitions Computer Vision for Head Pose Estimation: Review of a Competition Parallel Processing Architecture for ECG Signal Analysis Interests Caterina FakeCaterina Fake is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO, Findery; Cofounder, Flickr & Hunch 272,292 followers Flipkart 286,175 followers Sebastian ThrunSebastian Thrun is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO KittyHawk Corporation / President, Udacity / Adjunct Professor, Stanford 80,668 followers Siemens 1,516,479 followers Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA 14,239 followers OpenCV.org 1,851 members See all See all following
More Actions Yael has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Yael Garten Director of Data Science at LinkedIn LinkedIn Stanford University School of Medicine San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I love interacting with people and data, and have a passion for effecting organizational efficiency and ensuring an inclusive, productive, happy culture. I am an energetic, passionate biomedical informatician by training, and thrive on working in cross-functional teams. Seasoned data science leader with a track record in building and growing high-performing teams.I love meeting people, leading new initiatives, working alongside of motivated colleagues, developing teams and mentoring team members. I enjoy applying my technical background to new areas solving challenging and important problems, and am passionate about the use of data to impact business decisions and product design and innovation. I am excellent at execution, detail-oriented while maintaining the global strategic picture. Strong communicator and presenter.Main areas of focus of recent years: Mobile applications, social network data science and product analytics, consumer web user engagement, online experimentation, development of analytical platforms, data quality, data democratization and governance, tooling and processes for end to end data pipelines from data producers to data consumers within an organization, natural language processing in clinical information systems.Before joining LinkedIn, I was at Stanford University, where I completed my PhD in Biomedical Informatics, focusing on information extraction via natural language processing to understand how human genetic variations impact drug response - the niche of pharmacogenomics within precision medicine. I advise companies on informatics methodologies to transform high throughput data into insights, am a frequent conference speaker, and am passionate about growing Women In STEM.Specialties: Text mining and NLP, data mining and analytics, data integration, pharmacogenomics, personalized medicine, clinical informatics, data visualization, social network analysis, mobile analytics, data quality, public speaking. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Yael’s Articles & Activity 2,234 followers The Power of Why: What My 9 year old Taught Me about Unlocking Assumptions Yael Garten on LinkedIn See all articles Cisco acquires conversational AI startup MindMeld for $125 million Yael liked Think Big but Start Small - it all started with an online bookstore #AmazonShow Yael liked "Change words, change minds"... "If you can jump over the pit, you are probably not learning". Words from my daughter's 2nd grade classroom that are applicable at any age! Yael liked a comment See all activity Experience Director of Data Science Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area I lead a team of amazing data scientists that focus on understanding and increasing growth and engagement of LinkedIn members, across our Mobile and Desktop consumer products. My team works closely with the product managers and executive team to convert our rich data into actionable product and business insights, and partners with product, engineering, design, and marketing to optimize the LinkedIn experience across our applications. We use the data to understand trends and usage patterns to make data-driven product development decisions, to create products that truly serve our members. Our team drives online experimentation, tracking, success metric definition, and analyses of online user behavior to generate insights about user experience that inform product strategy and identify business opportunities. In recent years I have also championed data quality and data excellence at LinkedIn, and have partnered with leaders across multiple organizations to devise organizational best practices for data culture and quality, and development of internal data tools and platforms to democratize data within the company via culture, process and tools. Our insights and products are only as good as the data they are based off of! Specific expertise in: metric design, product analytics, online experimentation and creation of company-wide processes, tools and schemas for reliable consistent scalable tracking data. Advisor Company Name Various startups Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Founder, Informatics consulting firm Company Name gNetics Systems Inc Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Consulting work in informatics methods, data analytics, text mining, information extraction from biomedical and clinical data, NIH grant writing. Advise companies on informatics methodologies to transform high throughput data into insights. Senior Manager, Data Science Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Team grew to cover additional areas, e.g. the LinkedIn Homepage, Messaging. A main focus area of mine was on leading efforts to improve the culture, process, and tools we have to enable “Analytics happiness” — such as scaleable, automated, robust tools for measurement and decision making, and for data democratization within LinkedIn. Invested efforts passionately evangelizing best practices to enable data-informed decision making. Manager, Data Science Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area As LinkedIn transitioned to a multi-app strategy, team grew to support other product teams in addition to the Flagship app mobile team, e.g. our Relationships products to empower LinkedIn's members to build, nurture and leverage their professional networks. Product offering was multi-channel (Web, Mobile), cross-platform (desktop, iOS, and Android Connected apps). See more positions Education Stanford University School of Medicine Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Biomedical Informatics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Thesis: Designed and implemented an online natural language processing system facilitating semantic search and ontology-based reasoning of pharmacogenomic-related literature to assist researchers and curators and to prioritize candidate genes responsible for variable drug response in patients.Developed a text-mining pipeline to automatically identify drug-gene interactions published in scientific literature. System is used by curators at PharmGKB (www.pharmgkb.org), a public resource funded by the National Institutes for Health, eliminating manual work and allowing scalability. Acted as liaison between curator and developer teams.Coursework in bioinformatics, medical informatics, computer science, statistics, electronic business, biology, ethics, design process, management fundamentalsTeaching Assistant for classes on Algorithms in Bioinformatics and Biomedical Informatics Research Methodology. Created new online course for remote students from industrial and medical backgrounds. Stanford University Graduate School of Business Field Of Study Stanford Ignite, Certificate Program in Innovation and Entrepreneurship Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 GlaxoSmithKline Fellow. Received JP and Danyele Garnier Fellowship, in "recognition of exemplary performance as well as anticipated impact as an entrepreneur". Exposed to core business skills such as marketing, operations, strategy, accounting, finance, and economics, and applied skills such as design thinking, negotiation, teamwork, public speaking, leadership, and pitching. Led a team to develop a plan for commercializing a new product. Weizmann Institute of Science Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Bioinformatics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 116 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by DJ Patil and 29 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 35 of Yael’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills Bioinformatics See 60 endorsements for Bioinformatics 60 Bioinformatics Endorsed by Joel Dudley and 14 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Yael’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 61 endorsements for Data Analysis 61 Data Analysis Endorsed by DJ Patil and 19 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 31 of Yael’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (1) Yang Zhou Leading Data Science for Growth and International at LinkedIn November 2, 2016, Yael was senior to Yang but didn’t manage directly Yael is an amazing data science leader and evangelist. She is vital to the building of data science team at LinkedIn, and has made major contributions to many product initiatives where she demonstrates true data craftsmanship. Her strong expertise comes with compassion in management, which makes her extremely pleasant to working with. Yael is well known at LinkedIn for being a great collaborator, a role model for our value of “Relationships Matter”. Through the trust she establishes, she is able to envision and drive large cross functional projects, like redesigning our data tracking ecosystem in 2015. She has been instrumental in driving the vision and strategy of data democratization at LinkedIn, and establishing process, culture and tools towards a great data driven organization. Joff Redfern VP of Product September 24, 2016, Yael worked with Joff in the same group Yael is a #superstar. She was my data science counterpart for 4+ years at Linkedin. She played key roles building out Linkedin’s mobile, and later, consumer flagship products. Because of Yael, we built better products. As an example, when Yael joined the mobile team in 2011 we were just getting started. Most data scientists would have cried when they first saw how little data we were capturing and using (think Bronze Age). Not Yael. She rolled up her sleeves and built and executed on a plan for using data insights to make our mobile products and team way better. Simply put, Yael is the full package. She’s whip smart (Phd from Stanford), entrepreneurial, a gifted communicator (frequently speaks at the big data conferences), passionate, and has a ton-o-grit. Oh, one more thing about Yael — she’s really fun, she’ll make you smile. I miss working with Yael! View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Tulasi Menon Program Manager (Cortana) at Microsoft October 2, 2012, Yael managed Tulasi directly I hosted Tulasi as a Data Science intern at LinkedIn. Tulasi quickly ramped up on understanding our data, infrastructure, and technologies such as Hadoop and Pig programming. Tulasi had a great mix of knowing when to iterate fast to achieve breadth first results, vs when to dig in deep to focus on optimizing the methodology. She suggested creative solutions to problems, based on her past experiences and coursework, was very organized, and very pleasant to work with. I look forward to following Tulasi's career as a Data Scientist! Accomplishments Yael has 16 publications 16 Expand publications section Publications Mining the pharmacogenomics literature--a survey of the state of the art Using ODIN for a PharmGKB revalidation experiment Discovery and explanation of drug-drug interactions via text mining Extracting subject demographic information from abstracts of randomized clinical trial reports From pharmacogenomic knowledge acquisition to clinical applications: the PharmGKB as a clinical pharmacogenomic biomarker resource Integration and publication of heterogeneous text-mined relationships on the Semantic Web Mining the pharmacogenomics literature Using text to build semantic networks for pharmacogenomics Recent progress in automatically extracting information from the pharmacogenomic literature Teaching computers to read the pharmacogenomics literature ... so you don't have to Yael has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hebrew Yael has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents Systems and Methods for Measuring User Engagement A method and system for extraction and normalization of relationships via ontology induction (PGx NLP Pipeline) Interests Hiroshi MikitaniHiroshi Mikitani is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO, Rakuten Inc. 834,625 followers Jim WhitehurstJim Whitehurst is a LinkedIn Influencer President and CEO at Red Hat 96,541 followers DevelopHer Hackday 531 members Arianna HuffingtonArianna Huffington is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Thrive Global 5,256,876 followers Deepak Chopra MD (official)Deepak Chopra MD (official) is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chopra Foundation 4,990,639 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,598,722 followers See all See all following
More Actions Deepak has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Deepak Kumar Head of Relevance for Premium and Learning Data Products LinkedIn Northwestern University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I lead Relevance Engineering for Premium and Learning Data Products at LinkedIn. I am fortunate to be part of a team of outstanding data scientists and engineers who are developing personalized data products and contributing to our IP portfolio through research. Some of our recent projects include personalized course recommendations, insights data products that provide competitive intelligence around key economic graph entities (e.g., ranking applicants for a given job), and reserve prices for ad auctions, forecasting algorithms. My team and I have also been instrumental in powering the launch of new LinkedIn products (e.g., Profinder, a service provider marketplace that leverages our assets on professional identity and network-based reputation). Prior to LinkedIn, I spent 5+ years as a Quantitative Manager (Research) at Google. There, I led research in search advertising effectiveness and developed machine learning models to help improve the targeting of Google's ads products and sales offerings. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Deepak’s Activity 1,109 followers Fun session working knife defense drills! Eric Abad Rohan Ramanath Menglin Brown Vibhu SaxenaLinda Fayad Deepak liked Learning Python Generators Deepak shared this See all activity Experience Head of Relevance Engineering for Premium and Learning Data Products Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Mountain View, California Principal Data Scientist Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Mountain View, California Direct an elite team of data scientists and engineers, and partner with exec team to drive the monetization strategy @ LNKD. Some recent and ongoing projects include— reserve pricing for LinkedIn Sponsored Updates in the context of revenue maximization and user-engagement— recommendations for advertiser-actions to change bid, budget, targeting, creative based on auction performance — algorithmic anomaly detection to monitor and trigger alerts across thousands of time series— forecast number of applications for a job posting— bootstrapping new subscriber experience and enabling feature discovery using past usage — data products focussed on career development Quantitative Manager III Company Name Google Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Mountain View, California I led research in the area of Search Ads Effectiveness. The goal for my team was to develop and deploy @ scale, research solutions for measuring search advertising. Some of the research products we designed and built from the ground up. -- Search Ads Pause: Observational Ad Effectiveness Platform to estimate impact of paid search on site traffic, and to quantify the effect of organic rank on paid search incrementality. This pipeline produces tens of thousands of studies and monitors a substantial portion of Google's search ads revenue. It has helped us publish ground-breaking industry benchmarks. -- Geo-experiments Platform: Experimental ad-effectiveness platform to answer various attribution questions on the effectiveness of search ads. Examples: determining optimal keyword coverage on brand/generic terms, finding efficient bidding strategies, quantifying the impact of online ads on offline store-sales. Media (1) This position has 1 media Search Ads Pause Search Ads Pause This media is a video Quantitative Manager II Company Name Google Dates Employed 2009 – 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Mountain View, California In this role, I set up and ran experiments, built and deployed models using both experimental and observational data to answer the following questions. -- How can sales teams optimize their portfolio of customers? -- How should sales / marketing teams prioritize among a large set of pitches? I worked with a x-functional team comprising product, eng, sales, and marketing in formulating the business problems, in building and deploying the statistical models, and for broader communication around the impact and rollout. My work on using predictive models to help the sales organization prioritize the portfolio of advertisers was recommended for immediate deployment by exec leadership and was featured in the letter to the board of directors. Quantitative Manager I Company Name Google Dates Employed Oct 2007 – 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr I built statistical models to answer two primary business questions -- What is the lifetime value of customers from different acquisition channels?-- How should a sales / marketing org predict and tackle churnMy work on identifying advertisers who are likely to churn was featured in the letter to the board of directors in 2008. See more positions Education Northwestern University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Demand Models for Product Design Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 University of Illinois at Chicago Degree Name MS Field Of Study Industrial Engineering and Operations Research Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 National Institute of Technology Karnataka Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 37 endorsements for Machine Learning 37 Machine Learning Endorsed by Gungor Polatkan and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Deepak’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 56 endorsements for Data Mining 56 Data Mining Endorsed by Anmol Bhasin and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 18 of Deepak’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 46 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 46 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Minghui Shi and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Deepak’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (3) Satpreet Singh Data Science November 29, 2014, Satpreet reported directly to Deepak I was fortunate to have Deepak as my manager at LinkedIn: he was an excellent advocate of our team's skills and abilities to the larger organization, with the result that there was a steady pipeline of diverse and interesting projects that we had coming in every quarter. His passion for applying quantitative methods to solving business problems was inspiring! Taylan Yildiz, Ph.D. Advertising Research Lead at Google July 10, 2012, Deepak worked with Taylan in the same group Deepak brings strong technical skills, a fierce focus and excellent story-telling / presentation skills to every assignment. He has had a major impact in two areas at Google. In this first couple of years, he defined research in the area of predictive analytics and his work was showcased in the letter of board of directors. More recently, he has led the area of search advertising effectiveness and has addressed fundamental attribution questions and authored widely cited publications on the incrementality of paid search. One of the few guys I would do a startup with. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Marisa Gobby Technical Recruiter at Airbnb August 30, 2013, Deepak worked with Marisa in different groups I would like to acknowledge Marisa's contributions to building a world class data science team at LinkedIn. She is extremely well organized and incredibly resourceful. She shows great end-to-end ownership of the interviewing process; she finds great candidates thru' meticulous phone screens, often helps set up the interview panel, and follows up diligently with the panel to make sure we have feedback on time. She strives to give the candidates a great interviewing experience and is a great LinkedIn brand ambassador. It is a great pleasure to work with someone at the top of their game. Taylan Yildiz, Ph.D. Advertising Research Lead at Google July 3, 2012, Taylan worked with Deepak in the same group Taylan is a rare individual because he has a deep understanding of the technical issues and is often able to trade them off with the business issues successfully. He is extremely entrepreneurial and has blazed a few new trails at Google with his work on DFA experiments and brand-insights platforms. Would recommend him in a heart beat. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Deepak has 4 patents 4 Expand patents section Patents Online Advertisement Forecasting Using Targeted Messages Forecasting Job Applicant Data For A Job Posting RESERVE PRICE MODELING FOR ONLINE ADVERTISING AUCTIONS SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR DETERMINING RECRUITING INTENT Deepak has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Impact Of Ranking Of Organic Search Results On The Incrementality Of Search Ads Incremental Clicks Impact Of Search Advertising A Market-Driven Approach To Product Family Design Deepak has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Statistical Association Interests Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,432 members Cloudera 78,371 followers Machine Learning and Data Science 60,873 members Databricks 13,023 followers Analytics Jobs/India 3,443 members KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,127 members See all See all following
More Actions Jose Marcial has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Jose Marcial Portilla Data Science Training and Consultant Pierian Data Inc. Santa Clara University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Scientist seeking out interesting problems. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Jose Marcial’s Articles & Activity 4,289 followers Python and Spark for Big Data Jose Marcial Portilla on LinkedIn See 5 more articles Udemy Course Completion Certificate Jose Marcial liked Udemy Course Completion Certificate Jose Marcial liked Certificado de conclusão de curso Udemy Jose Marcial liked See all activity Experience Head of Data Science Company Name Pierian Data Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Head of Data Science at Pierian Data Inc. Providing Fortune 500 companies with Data Science and Programming Training and Consultation. Course Creator and Instructor Company Name Python for Data Structures, Algorithms, and Interviews! on Udemy Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Python for Data Structures, Algorithms, and Interviews! on Udemy • Created comprehensive course on using the Python to ace coding interviews!• Over 200 lectures covering advanced topics.• Topics include Interview Preparation, Mock Interviews,Data Structures, Algorithms, and more. Course Creator and Instructor Company Name Complete Python Bootcamp on www.Udemy.com Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos • Created comprehensive course on using the Python programming language• Over 100 lectures covering advanced Python topics.• Topics include advanced Python module usage. Course Creator and Instructor Company Name Learning Python for Data Analysis and Visualization on www.Udemy.com Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos • Created comprehensive course on using Python programming for data analysis and visualization.• Over 20 hours of video and over 100 lectures utilizing various Python libraries.• One of the most popular and best rated Python courses on Udemy with thousands of student enrollments.• Course covers multiple topics Including numpy,pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, SQL, SciKit-Learn, statistics, and more. Data Scientist Consultant Company Name Computer Technologies Consultants, Inc. ( CTC ) Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 mo Location Remote Contract • Advised client on refactoring R code for integration into a full stack Python solution.• Answered client questions on Python and Pandas best practices.• Instructed employees on various data science techniques utilizing Python through code reviews. See more positions Education Santa Clara University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study ThermoFluids Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Santa Clara University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Udemy Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 56 endorsements for Machine Learning 56 Machine Learning Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 23 endorsements for Matlab 23 Matlab Ayman ANIKAD and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 70 endorsements for Python 70 Python Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (0) Simon Marriott Software Test and Release Engineer February 11, 2016, Simon was a client of Jose Marcial’s I took the Udemy course 'Complete Python Bootcamp' written and presented by Jose. The course notes were very well structured and presentation by Jose was calm and considered making his audience relaxed and ready to absorb the information. Jose, in my opinion, is an excellent instructor who knows is subjects well and seems passionate to ensure his students achieve their goals in learning Python. Well done Jose, I learnt some new skills. Vadim Popov Technical Writer | Aspiring Data Scientist August 6, 2016, Vadim was a client of Jose Marcial’s Jose is a very knowledgeable data scientist and a talented instructor. He managed to pack a lot of engaging material in his 20+ hour course on analyzing and visualizing data with Python: fundamentals of statistics, intro to some of the most common machine learning techniques, Python refresher, and the major data analysis libraries and how to use them for tackling real-life problems. It has everything one might need to get them started in the brave new world of data science. Jose's well-paced delivery makes it surprisingly comfortable to follow along with the live coding sessions. What's even better, all the code samples are available for download, so that students can play around with them and build new functionality on top of what Jose has generously provided. Abundance of links to additional training materials makes this course a truly epic learning experience. Highly recommended for every data munging enthusiast! View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jose Marcial has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Jose Marcial has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Low-power, self-contained, reciprocating micropump through electrolysis and catalyst-driven recombination toward drug delivery applications. Implantable Electrolysis Micropump with Bubble Recombination. Jose Marcial has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent SILVER NANOPARTICLE BASED COMPOSITE SOLAR METALLIZATION PASTE Interests Python Community 138,815 members TensorFlow Beat 1,949 members PLANT PV 87 followers Big Data, Analytics, Business Intelligence & Visualization Experts Community 232,441 members R Programming 33,742 members Data Science Collective 5,343 members See all See all following
More Actions Dr Michel has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Dr Michel Leonard Economist & Data Scientist MaKro LLC Harvard University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Dr. Leonard is an economist and data scientist with 20 years of experience in data analytics, risk, and strategy. He is the founder of MaKro, a private equity backed Fintech & Insurtech company focusing on transforming how companies make investment decisions. Michel’s core expertise is integrating non-traditional & unstructured data into unusual modeling. Widely recognized as one of the country’s top experts in global macro and political risk, he is an advisor to insurance and investment professionals, corporate boards, and U.S. government agencies on risk quantification and forecasting. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Dr Michel’s Articles 2,188 followers MaKro LLC's Dr. Michel Leonard discusses the future of AI at Jefferies'​ Technology Investment Bank Round Table. Dr Michel Leonard on LinkedIn Publish dateFebruary 22, 2017 See all articles Experience Chief Executive Officer Company Name MaKro LLC Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area MaKro is a private equity backed Finch & Insure-Tech company offering data analytics and strategy to investment & insurance professionals and corporate boards. We are our clients' preferred advisor on alternative data and global macro risk modeling, applying these tools to a variety of business activities from portfolio management to corporate & project finance and insurance modeling and placement. Chief Economist & Data Scientist Company Name Alliant Insurance | A Blackstone / KKR Portfolio Company Dates Employed 2006 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 9 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Created data science group providing predictive analytics for insurance and investment models using alternative data to model the impact of global macro and tail risk on business activities ranging from portfolio management to corporate & project finance and insurance modeling and placement. Chief Economist & Senior Vice President Company Name Aon Dates Employed 2004 – 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Youngest Chief Economist at a F100 for Aon Trade Credit and Political Risk. Global spokesperson on credit and political risk. Developed new models using Aon's data to quantify impact of global macro and tail risks on insurance coverage. Primary contacts at the firm's largest accounts were CFOs, treasurers, and risk managers. Director Company Name Medley Global Advisors Dates Employed 2001 – 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs Market analyst focused on global macro. Started with fiscal & monetary policy for FX/FI and transitioned to long/short equity. Medley is a global macro advisory started by Richard Medley, George Soros’s former chief policy analysist. Graduate School Research: Global Macro Risk Management (MTS, MA, and PhD) Company Name Harvard University & the University of Virgnia Dates Employed 1995 – 2002 Employment Duration 7 yrs Published Dissertation: “Why Firms Fail to Manage Risk: Explaining & Correcting Organizational Failure,” Risk Books, Incisive Financial, London, 2004. Offered best practices in global macro risk management combining research at banks (PhD), quantitative macroeconomics modeling (PhD/MA), and qualitative political risk analysis (MTS/BA). Included in-house research at investment banks, hedge funds, and F100 companies. Education Harvard University Degree Name M.T.S. Field Of Study Religion & the Middle East Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1996 University of Virginia Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Political Economy, Risk Management & Modeling Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2001 University of Virginia Degree Name M.A. Field Of Study Political Economy, Statistics & Organizational Change Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1998 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Economics See 68 endorsements for Economics 68 Economics Endorsed by Avinash Persaud and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Risk Management See 59 endorsements for Risk Management 59 Risk Management Endorsed by Alex Dali, MBA, ARM and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Risk See 48 endorsements for Financial Risk 48 Financial Risk Endorsed by Alex Dali, MBA, ARM, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dr Michel has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages French German Portuguese Spanish Dr Michel has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Is Artificial Intelligence Here To Stay: Conversation With MaKro LLC's Dr. Michel Leonard Why Firms Fail to Manage Risk: Explaining & Correcting Organizational Failure Dr Michel has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Business Economist (CBE) Dr Michel has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization NYU | Department of Economics & Center For Data Science Interests RIMS International Risk Management Group 4,266 members Political Economy 16,260 members University of Virginia Economics Alumni and Friends (UVA) 1,753 members New York University 461,578 followers Quantitative Risk Modeling 2,716 members ASSOCIATION OF TRADE & FORFAITING IN THE AMERICAS, INC. (ATFA) - UPDATES ONLY 568 members See all See all following
More Actions Kiren Raj Mohan has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Kiren Raj Mohan Jagan Mohan Looking for new opportunity| Data Scientist III | Advance Programmer & Statistical Business Analyst (SAS) Zions Bancorporation Oklahoma State University Salt Lake City, Utah 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent •8+ years experience in strategic planning and management of human and fiscal resources•6+ years experience in using SQLs and Macros for working on databases•2+ years experience in performing statistical tests like Correlations, ANOVA, ANCOVA, RFM, Regression, Decision trees, Clustering and Neural networks.•Experience in project management and delivering projects in commercial finance domain project•Expertise in using analytical tools for problem solving and decision making purpose.•Excellent quantitative and communication skills and ability to work in diverse professional environments•Proficient in using the following tools:SQL Server Management StudioPostgres PGAdminSAS: SAS Base, SAS Enterprise Guide and SAS Enterprise MinerOther Analytical tools: R, Tableau and IBM ModelerMainframes: JCL, COBOL, CICS and DB2AS400: RPG and CLMicrosoft Office: Word, Power-point, Outlook and Advanced Excel See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist III Company Name Zions Bancorporation Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Salt Lake City, Utah • Responsible for reconciling the General Ledgers of all 6 divisions of Zions Bancorporation every month.• Responsible for creating the monthly Liquidity report to make sure that the deposits are insured with securities and identify which level of security is pledged to each deposit account.• Responsible for testing the CCAR results every quarter using SQLs.• Responsible for creating reports after the GL reconciliation for the use of Company's ALCO reports. Founder and Chairman Company Name V Trust Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Location Chennai Area, India • Design, Launch and Manage Social Welfare Projects for underprivileged people• Work closely with other trustees to implement new policies and regulations• Formulate and Approve Fiscal decisions on issues from the subsidiary departments Graduate Teaching Assistant Company Name Oklahoma State University Dates Employed Jan 2015 – May 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Stillwater •Search and provide data about the articles related to the professor’s research.•Assist the professor in grading the papers of the undergraduate students in the field of economics by the data provided.•Maintain a database of the students performance and submit a report to the professor whenever needed Graduate Teaching Assistant Company Name Oklahoma State University Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Stillwater, Oklahoma • Analyze the market situations of various products of various brands in US and report to the professor. • Search and provide data about the articles related to the professor’s research.• Help the professor in grading the papers of the undergraduate students by researching about products and the data provided. Senior Software Engineer Company Name IGATE Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos ● Learned ACBS model well as an analyst and contributed to process improvements● Developed strategic plans to ensure that the team follows project level standards based on the customer specification• Expanded the expertise in many areas of work to bring on time and perfect delivery• Performed ETL activities in the project using data from 168 tables● Learned ACBS model containing a huge database with the personal and financial information of the customers (CRM application), optimized tasks to be error free, and reduced a process from 90 to 2 minutes using SQLs in AS400.• Prepared reports extracting data using Business Objects from the data warehouse of our project to present to the clients• Enhanced AS400 coding skills, prepared and delivered one-week training for 15 new employees• Organized team-building activities among the 14 members of my team to build a rapport within us.• Have managed a team of 7 members reporting directly to me.• Contributed towards organizational development, cultural and sports activities See more positions Education Oklahoma State University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support Services Grade 3.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Case Presentation, Graduate Teaching Assistant, Company Analysis, Cowboys Cricket Club. VP of International Affairs MBA Association Loyola College Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Financial Management Grade 3.6 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Marketing Research and Presentation Sathyabama University Degree Name BE Field Of Study Electronics and Instrumentation Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Paper Presentations, Symposium Organizer, Sports Coordinator Volunteer Experience Member Company Name Wesley Foundation, Stillwater, Oklahoma Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 5 mos Cause Arts and Culture Volunteer Company Name Indian Student Association, Oklahoma State University, Stillwater Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 5 mos Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 37 endorsements for Data Analysis 37 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Kiren Raj Mohan’s colleagues at Oklahoma State University Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 40 endorsements for Microsoft Office 40 Microsoft Office Endorsed by Do Chuong, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Kiren Raj Mohan’s colleagues at Oklahoma State University Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 29 endorsements for SQL 29 SQL Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Kiren Raj Mohan’s colleagues at Oklahoma State University Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kiren Raj Mohan has 8 projects 8 Expand projects section Projects Collateral Liquidity Report Asset Liability Management Creating data for QRM upload Forecasting hourly photovoltaic solar and wind electrical energy production Predicting the Net Promoter Score for south central United States based Utility Company Strategic Analysis of a famous energy company EOD Checklist CRM - XYZ Optical Shop Kiren Raj Mohan has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications SAS Certified Predictive Modeler Using SAS Enterprise Miner 7 Advanced Programmer for SAS 9 Statistical Business Analyst Using SAS 9: Regression and Modeling 9 Base Programmer for SAS 9 Analytics Certification Kiren Raj Mohan has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Small Step Award CEO AWARD Kiren Raj Mohan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Tamil Kiren Raj Mohan has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Wesley Foundation Interests DASAN Zhone Solutions 2,937 followers SAS Recruiters 1,153 members DIRECT CLIENT REQUIREMENTS IN U.S.A. 28,483 members Fybr 277 followers Think Finance 5,815 followers KBM Group 7,197 followers See all See all following
More Actions Deepak has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Deepak Kumar Head of Relevance for Premium and Learning Data Products LinkedIn Northwestern University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I lead Relevance Engineering for Premium and Learning Data Products at LinkedIn. I am fortunate to be part of a team of outstanding data scientists and engineers who are developing personalized data products and contributing to our IP portfolio through research. Some of our recent projects include personalized course recommendations, insights data products that provide competitive intelligence around key economic graph entities (e.g., ranking applicants for a given job), and reserve prices for ad auctions, forecasting algorithms. My team and I have also been instrumental in powering the launch of new LinkedIn products (e.g., Profinder, a service provider marketplace that leverages our assets on professional identity and network-based reputation). Prior to LinkedIn, I spent 5+ years as a Quantitative Manager (Research) at Google. There, I led research in search advertising effectiveness and developed machine learning models to help improve the targeting of Google's ads products and sales offerings. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Deepak’s Activity 1,109 followers Fun session working knife defense drills! Eric Abad Rohan Ramanath Menglin Brown Vibhu SaxenaLinda Fayad Deepak liked Learning Python Generators Deepak shared this See all activity Experience Head of Relevance Engineering for Premium and Learning Data Products Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Mountain View, California Principal Data Scientist Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Mountain View, California Direct an elite team of data scientists and engineers, and partner with exec team to drive the monetization strategy @ LNKD. Some recent and ongoing projects include— reserve pricing for LinkedIn Sponsored Updates in the context of revenue maximization and user-engagement— recommendations for advertiser-actions to change bid, budget, targeting, creative based on auction performance — algorithmic anomaly detection to monitor and trigger alerts across thousands of time series— forecast number of applications for a job posting— bootstrapping new subscriber experience and enabling feature discovery using past usage — data products focussed on career development Quantitative Manager III Company Name Google Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Mountain View, California I led research in the area of Search Ads Effectiveness. The goal for my team was to develop and deploy @ scale, research solutions for measuring search advertising. Some of the research products we designed and built from the ground up. -- Search Ads Pause: Observational Ad Effectiveness Platform to estimate impact of paid search on site traffic, and to quantify the effect of organic rank on paid search incrementality. This pipeline produces tens of thousands of studies and monitors a substantial portion of Google's search ads revenue. It has helped us publish ground-breaking industry benchmarks. -- Geo-experiments Platform: Experimental ad-effectiveness platform to answer various attribution questions on the effectiveness of search ads. Examples: determining optimal keyword coverage on brand/generic terms, finding efficient bidding strategies, quantifying the impact of online ads on offline store-sales. Media (1) This position has 1 media Search Ads Pause Search Ads Pause This media is a video Quantitative Manager II Company Name Google Dates Employed 2009 – 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Mountain View, California In this role, I set up and ran experiments, built and deployed models using both experimental and observational data to answer the following questions. -- How can sales teams optimize their portfolio of customers? -- How should sales / marketing teams prioritize among a large set of pitches? I worked with a x-functional team comprising product, eng, sales, and marketing in formulating the business problems, in building and deploying the statistical models, and for broader communication around the impact and rollout. My work on using predictive models to help the sales organization prioritize the portfolio of advertisers was recommended for immediate deployment by exec leadership and was featured in the letter to the board of directors. Quantitative Manager I Company Name Google Dates Employed Oct 2007 – 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr I built statistical models to answer two primary business questions -- What is the lifetime value of customers from different acquisition channels?-- How should a sales / marketing org predict and tackle churnMy work on identifying advertisers who are likely to churn was featured in the letter to the board of directors in 2008. See more positions Education Northwestern University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Demand Models for Product Design Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 University of Illinois at Chicago Degree Name MS Field Of Study Industrial Engineering and Operations Research Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 National Institute of Technology Karnataka Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 37 endorsements for Machine Learning 37 Machine Learning Endorsed by Gungor Polatkan and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Deepak’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 56 endorsements for Data Mining 56 Data Mining Endorsed by Anmol Bhasin and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 18 of Deepak’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 46 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 46 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Minghui Shi and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Deepak’s colleagues at LinkedIn Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (3) Satpreet Singh Data Science November 29, 2014, Satpreet reported directly to Deepak I was fortunate to have Deepak as my manager at LinkedIn: he was an excellent advocate of our team's skills and abilities to the larger organization, with the result that there was a steady pipeline of diverse and interesting projects that we had coming in every quarter. His passion for applying quantitative methods to solving business problems was inspiring! Taylan Yildiz, Ph.D. Advertising Research Lead at Google July 10, 2012, Deepak worked with Taylan in the same group Deepak brings strong technical skills, a fierce focus and excellent story-telling / presentation skills to every assignment. He has had a major impact in two areas at Google. In this first couple of years, he defined research in the area of predictive analytics and his work was showcased in the letter of board of directors. More recently, he has led the area of search advertising effectiveness and has addressed fundamental attribution questions and authored widely cited publications on the incrementality of paid search. One of the few guys I would do a startup with. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Marisa Gobby Technical Recruiter at Airbnb August 30, 2013, Deepak worked with Marisa in different groups I would like to acknowledge Marisa's contributions to building a world class data science team at LinkedIn. She is extremely well organized and incredibly resourceful. She shows great end-to-end ownership of the interviewing process; she finds great candidates thru' meticulous phone screens, often helps set up the interview panel, and follows up diligently with the panel to make sure we have feedback on time. She strives to give the candidates a great interviewing experience and is a great LinkedIn brand ambassador. It is a great pleasure to work with someone at the top of their game. Taylan Yildiz, Ph.D. Advertising Research Lead at Google July 3, 2012, Taylan worked with Deepak in the same group Taylan is a rare individual because he has a deep understanding of the technical issues and is often able to trade them off with the business issues successfully. He is extremely entrepreneurial and has blazed a few new trails at Google with his work on DFA experiments and brand-insights platforms. Would recommend him in a heart beat. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Deepak has 4 patents 4 Expand patents section Patents Online Advertisement Forecasting Using Targeted Messages Forecasting Job Applicant Data For A Job Posting RESERVE PRICE MODELING FOR ONLINE ADVERTISING AUCTIONS SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR DETERMINING RECRUITING INTENT Deepak has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Impact Of Ranking Of Organic Search Results On The Incrementality Of Search Ads Incremental Clicks Impact Of Search Advertising A Market-Driven Approach To Product Family Design Deepak has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Statistical Association Interests Wealthfront Inc. 12,762 followers Analytics Jobs/India 3,443 members LinkedIn Learning Solutions 144,335 followers Hadoop Users 98,331 members Pulse 1,535,235 followers MIT Technology Review 189,011 followers See all See all following
More Actions Benoît has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Benoît Brookens III (Dr. Big Data) CEO, Founder at Accrue, Inc. | Looking for Superstars Civil Air Patrol Columbia University - Columbia Business School Hong Kong 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Benoît Brookens III, more affectionately Dr. BigData is an award-winning data scientist and serial entrepreneur. Benoît is the CEO and Co-Founder of the IBM-backed FinTech (financial technology) firm Accrue Inc. He learned to type before he could write, as one of the earliest participants of M.I.T. Media Lab's Lifelong Kindergarten in the early 1990s. In 2002, he pioneered multi-class IP Web Hosting as a teenager, with his first start-up Dataracks. As one of the youngest quantitative traders at a Swiss Bank, Benoît was ahead of the data science industry, leveraging algorithms on datasets that materialized during the 2000s decade. He was a participant at the world’s first Data Science Summit. After securing the trademark “Apps for Insight” through his incubator nuOctave Inc., he has been focused on the democratization of data to compel better decision making. Benoît currently sits on the advisory board of Tradestation Securities Inc. and is noted as one of the United Kingdom’s Trade & Investment 2016 FinTech Delegation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Benoît’s Activity 8,924 followers LinkedIn Influencer Club for working with brands. Benoît commented See all activity Experience Member Company Name Civil Air Patrol Dates Employed Oct 2002 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 8 mos Founder & CEO Company Name Accrue, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location New York, NY | Hong Kong | London Accrue is a stealth next-generation financial analytics platform, augmenting investment management & financial news through big data insights.Backed by IBMAccrue Limited, Hong Kong Media (2) This position has 2 media London Stock Exchange welcomed UK Trade & Investment (UKTI) and their New York FinTech Mission to the UK London Stock Exchange welcomed UK Trade & Investment (UKTI) and their New York FinTech Mission to the UK This media is a link Marketwatch / Dow Jones: As retail investors gain ‘fintech’ access, jury remains out on whether reward outweighs risk Marketwatch / Dow Jones: As retail investors gain ‘fintech’ access, jury remains out on whether reward outweighs risk This media is a link Financial Technology Delegate Company Name UK Trade & Investment (UKTI) Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom Financial Technology Mission to the United Kingdom Advisory Board Member Company Name TradeStation Group, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Miami/Fort Lauderdale Area Founder Company Name nuOctave LTD Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location London, United Kingdom Big Data Research & Development company creating Apps for Insight.™Angel, Seed, Venture Investor inFinTech / Capital MarketsBig Data AnalyticsVentures include:• Accrue.com• US Federal Contractor• IBM Big Data Partner, 2011• IBM Watson Group, 2014• Microsoft Partner, 2011• Cloudera Hadoop Developer, 2011 See more positions Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name Certificate, Creating and Executing Breakthrough Strategy Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 Rochester Institute of Technology Field Of Study Comptuter Science (Security), Entrepreneurship & Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Security Practices and Student Research Association (SPARSA), Information Technology Student Organization (ITSO), Robotics, Model UN, Crew (Rowing), Soccer, Financial Management Association, Entrepreneurship Club, Chess Club Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name Computer Tots© & Computer Explorers© | Field Of Study Typing & Programming Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Beginners Group: Typing - 2.5 Years old, Advanced Group: Programming - 4 Years old M.I.T.'s First Exploratory Computer Project for Young Children aged 2.5 to 5.Programmed in Pascal, Basic and others on Apple 2 & X86Now known as:M.I.T. Media Lab's Lifelong Kindergarten with Scratch Jr - programming for children ages 5 to 7. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Big Data See 234 endorsements for Big Data 99+ Big Data Endorsed by Vincent Granville and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Benoît’s colleagues at Accrue, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Hadoop See 177 endorsements for Hadoop 99+ Hadoop Endorsed by Vincent Granville, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Benoît’s colleagues at Accrue, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Entrepreneurship See 149 endorsements for Entrepreneurship 99+ Entrepreneurship Endorsed by Andrew 'Flip' Filipowski and 21 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Benoît’s colleagues at Accrue, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (15) Given (0) Smoot Carter Oceanic Partners December 12, 2007, Benoît worked with Smoot in the same group Benoit displays detail-oriented management skills and unparalleled innovative strategic capabilities. I recommend getting to know him because the critical capital that he possesses will change the face of the industry he chooses to pursue. Christopher Golda Entrepreneur October 1, 2007, Christopher worked with Benoît but at different companies Benoit possses a wealth of business knowlege and knows how to apply it. He's always a reliable source for information and a pleasure to work with. View 13 more recommendations View 13 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Benoît has 8 languages 8 Expand languages section Languages American Sign Language Amharic Chinese (Mandarin) Dutch English Korean Portuguese Spanish Benoît has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Member IBM Global Entrepreneur Fellow, 2012 UKTI Global Entrepreneur Fellow, 2012 George W. Bush's Call to Service Award, 2004 Interests Marketing & Advertising 14,745,816 followers Rochester Institute of Technology 119,833 followers T. Boone PickensT. Boone Pickens is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chairman and CEO at BP Capital and TBP Investments Management 1,724,841 followers C. Steinweg Group 2,128 followers The City Club of Washington 366 members Pete CashmorePete Cashmore is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO, Mashable 1,274,099 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jose Marcial has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Jose Marcial Portilla Data Science Training and Consultant Pierian Data Inc. Santa Clara University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data Scientist seeking out interesting problems. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Jose Marcial’s Articles & Activity 4,289 followers Python and Spark for Big Data Jose Marcial Portilla on LinkedIn See 5 more articles Udemy Course Completion Certificate Jose Marcial liked Udemy Course Completion Certificate Jose Marcial liked Certificado de conclusão de curso Udemy Jose Marcial liked See all activity Experience Head of Data Science Company Name Pierian Data Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Head of Data Science at Pierian Data Inc. Providing Fortune 500 companies with Data Science and Programming Training and Consultation. Course Creator and Instructor Company Name Python for Data Structures, Algorithms, and Interviews! on Udemy Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Python for Data Structures, Algorithms, and Interviews! on Udemy • Created comprehensive course on using the Python to ace coding interviews!• Over 200 lectures covering advanced topics.• Topics include Interview Preparation, Mock Interviews,Data Structures, Algorithms, and more. Course Creator and Instructor Company Name Complete Python Bootcamp on www.Udemy.com Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos • Created comprehensive course on using the Python programming language• Over 100 lectures covering advanced Python topics.• Topics include advanced Python module usage. Course Creator and Instructor Company Name Learning Python for Data Analysis and Visualization on www.Udemy.com Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos • Created comprehensive course on using Python programming for data analysis and visualization.• Over 20 hours of video and over 100 lectures utilizing various Python libraries.• One of the most popular and best rated Python courses on Udemy with thousands of student enrollments.• Course covers multiple topics Including numpy,pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, SQL, SciKit-Learn, statistics, and more. Data Scientist Consultant Company Name Computer Technologies Consultants, Inc. ( CTC ) Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 mo Location Remote Contract • Advised client on refactoring R code for integration into a full stack Python solution.• Answered client questions on Python and Pandas best practices.• Instructed employees on various data science techniques utilizing Python through code reviews. See more positions Education Santa Clara University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study ThermoFluids Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Santa Clara University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Udemy Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 56 endorsements for Machine Learning 56 Machine Learning Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 23 endorsements for Matlab 23 Matlab Ayman ANIKAD and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 70 endorsements for Python 70 Python Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (0) Simon Marriott Software Test and Release Engineer February 11, 2016, Simon was a client of Jose Marcial’s I took the Udemy course 'Complete Python Bootcamp' written and presented by Jose. The course notes were very well structured and presentation by Jose was calm and considered making his audience relaxed and ready to absorb the information. Jose, in my opinion, is an excellent instructor who knows is subjects well and seems passionate to ensure his students achieve their goals in learning Python. Well done Jose, I learnt some new skills. Vadim Popov Technical Writer | Aspiring Data Scientist August 6, 2016, Vadim was a client of Jose Marcial’s Jose is a very knowledgeable data scientist and a talented instructor. He managed to pack a lot of engaging material in his 20+ hour course on analyzing and visualizing data with Python: fundamentals of statistics, intro to some of the most common machine learning techniques, Python refresher, and the major data analysis libraries and how to use them for tackling real-life problems. It has everything one might need to get them started in the brave new world of data science. Jose's well-paced delivery makes it surprisingly comfortable to follow along with the live coding sessions. What's even better, all the code samples are available for download, so that students can play around with them and build new functionality on top of what Jose has generously provided. Abundance of links to additional training materials makes this course a truly epic learning experience. Highly recommended for every data munging enthusiast! View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jose Marcial has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Jose Marcial has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Low-power, self-contained, reciprocating micropump through electrolysis and catalyst-driven recombination toward drug delivery applications. Implantable Electrolysis Micropump with Bubble Recombination. Jose Marcial has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent SILVER NANOPARTICLE BASED COMPOSITE SOLAR METALLIZATION PASTE Interests Big Data|Machine Learning|Predictive Analytics|Data Mining|Prescriptive Analytics|Data Science 10,910 members Research Methods and Data Science 31,261 members Data Scientist Network 12,206 members Data Science Automation 264 followers Data Science Central 291,511 members Zipfian Academy 579 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kiren Raj Mohan has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Kiren Raj Mohan Jagan Mohan Looking for new opportunity| Data Scientist III | Advance Programmer & Statistical Business Analyst (SAS) Zions Bancorporation Oklahoma State University Salt Lake City, Utah 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent •8+ years experience in strategic planning and management of human and fiscal resources•6+ years experience in using SQLs and Macros for working on databases•2+ years experience in performing statistical tests like Correlations, ANOVA, ANCOVA, RFM, Regression, Decision trees, Clustering and Neural networks.•Experience in project management and delivering projects in commercial finance domain project•Expertise in using analytical tools for problem solving and decision making purpose.•Excellent quantitative and communication skills and ability to work in diverse professional environments•Proficient in using the following tools:SQL Server Management StudioPostgres PGAdminSAS: SAS Base, SAS Enterprise Guide and SAS Enterprise MinerOther Analytical tools: R, Tableau and IBM ModelerMainframes: JCL, COBOL, CICS and DB2AS400: RPG and CLMicrosoft Office: Word, Power-point, Outlook and Advanced Excel See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist III Company Name Zions Bancorporation Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Salt Lake City, Utah • Responsible for reconciling the General Ledgers of all 6 divisions of Zions Bancorporation every month.• Responsible for creating the monthly Liquidity report to make sure that the deposits are insured with securities and identify which level of security is pledged to each deposit account.• Responsible for testing the CCAR results every quarter using SQLs.• Responsible for creating reports after the GL reconciliation for the use of Company's ALCO reports. Founder and Chairman Company Name V Trust Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Location Chennai Area, India • Design, Launch and Manage Social Welfare Projects for underprivileged people• Work closely with other trustees to implement new policies and regulations• Formulate and Approve Fiscal decisions on issues from the subsidiary departments Graduate Teaching Assistant Company Name Oklahoma State University Dates Employed Jan 2015 – May 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Stillwater •Search and provide data about the articles related to the professor’s research.•Assist the professor in grading the papers of the undergraduate students in the field of economics by the data provided.•Maintain a database of the students performance and submit a report to the professor whenever needed Graduate Teaching Assistant Company Name Oklahoma State University Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Stillwater, Oklahoma • Analyze the market situations of various products of various brands in US and report to the professor. • Search and provide data about the articles related to the professor’s research.• Help the professor in grading the papers of the undergraduate students by researching about products and the data provided. Senior Software Engineer Company Name IGATE Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos ● Learned ACBS model well as an analyst and contributed to process improvements● Developed strategic plans to ensure that the team follows project level standards based on the customer specification• Expanded the expertise in many areas of work to bring on time and perfect delivery• Performed ETL activities in the project using data from 168 tables● Learned ACBS model containing a huge database with the personal and financial information of the customers (CRM application), optimized tasks to be error free, and reduced a process from 90 to 2 minutes using SQLs in AS400.• Prepared reports extracting data using Business Objects from the data warehouse of our project to present to the clients• Enhanced AS400 coding skills, prepared and delivered one-week training for 15 new employees• Organized team-building activities among the 14 members of my team to build a rapport within us.• Have managed a team of 7 members reporting directly to me.• Contributed towards organizational development, cultural and sports activities See more positions Education Oklahoma State University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support Services Grade 3.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Case Presentation, Graduate Teaching Assistant, Company Analysis, Cowboys Cricket Club. VP of International Affairs MBA Association Loyola College Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Financial Management Grade 3.6 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Marketing Research and Presentation Sathyabama University Degree Name BE Field Of Study Electronics and Instrumentation Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Paper Presentations, Symposium Organizer, Sports Coordinator Volunteer Experience Member Company Name Wesley Foundation, Stillwater, Oklahoma Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 5 mos Cause Arts and Culture Volunteer Company Name Indian Student Association, Oklahoma State University, Stillwater Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 5 mos Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 37 endorsements for Data Analysis 37 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Kiren Raj Mohan’s colleagues at Oklahoma State University Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 40 endorsements for Microsoft Office 40 Microsoft Office Endorsed by Do Chuong, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Kiren Raj Mohan’s colleagues at Oklahoma State University Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 29 endorsements for SQL 29 SQL Endorsed by Kirk Paul Lafler and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Kiren Raj Mohan’s colleagues at Oklahoma State University Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kiren Raj Mohan has 8 projects 8 Expand projects section Projects Collateral Liquidity Report Asset Liability Management Creating data for QRM upload Forecasting hourly photovoltaic solar and wind electrical energy production Predicting the Net Promoter Score for south central United States based Utility Company Strategic Analysis of a famous energy company EOD Checklist CRM - XYZ Optical Shop Kiren Raj Mohan has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications SAS Certified Predictive Modeler Using SAS Enterprise Miner 7 Advanced Programmer for SAS 9 Statistical Business Analyst Using SAS 9: Regression and Modeling 9 Base Programmer for SAS 9 Analytics Certification Kiren Raj Mohan has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Small Step Award CEO AWARD Kiren Raj Mohan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Tamil Kiren Raj Mohan has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Wesley Foundation Interests City of Stillwater, Oklahoma 1,507 followers RiskSpan 1,823 followers Chesapeake Energy 94,862 followers Lancaster University 88,947 followers The Venetian® I The Palazzo®, Resort Hotel & Casino I Las Vegas Sands Corp. 20,800 followers MUFG 50,101 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Sugden Data Scientist at Cerner Cerner Corporation Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business Kansas City, Missouri Area 345 345 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Healthcare data scientist, experienced using Excel/VBA, Python, R, SAS, SQL, TableauView my blog at http://johnsug.github.io Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} John’s Activity 354 followers Garmin lands on Forbes 'America's Best Employers' list - Kansas City Business Journal John liked Fresh Food By Prescription: This Health Care Firm Is Trimming Costs — And Waistlines John liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name Cerner Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Kansas City, Missouri Area Healthcare predictive modeling, data visualization Actuarial Consultant / Actuarial Analyst / Associate Actuarial Analyst / Actuarial Intern Company Name Aetna Dates Employed May 2010 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Group health pricing, reserving, forecasting, financial reporting, experience studies, rate filings, etc Graduate Research Assistant Company Name Georgia State University Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Data aggregation for scholarly research Education Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College of Business Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Brigham Young University - Idaho Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Service Activities, Economics Society, Student Representative Council, Honor Outreach, New Student Orientation Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistical Modeling See 19 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 19 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at Aetna Click and drag to reorder skills Health Insurance See 11 endorsements for Health Insurance 11 Health Insurance Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at Aetna Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 11 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 11 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at Aetna Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Yun Yun Liou Actuary, FSA, MAAA at Anthem, Inc. April 23, 2011, John was senior to Yun Yun but didn’t manage directly Yun Yun has been an excellent addition to our team at Coventry. While working as an intern actuarial analyst, she has proven to be quite capable, incredibly diligent, and a pleasure to work with. Yun Yun will make a great addition to any team and her future is very bright. Richard Dean Clinical Sales at Cordis Vascular, a Cardinal Health Company October 25, 2008, John and Richard were students together I've taken three classes with Richard Dean. In each class, Richard took a proactive role and contributed in every discussion. I have also participated in many study sessions and group projects with Richard, and each time Richard proved to be a valuable team member and a solid strength to the team. I am impressed by his diligence--Richard will not give up until he can find the right solution. In addition to his superb interpersonal skills, Richard is extremely charismatic and leaves his Midas touch on every project he works on. I would definitely work with Richard again, if the situation ever presented itself. Accomplishments John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Associate (ASA) Interests Career Networking for Data Science 6 members Reporting and Analysis 24,991 members Garmin International 61,878 followers eviCore healthcare 9,786 followers
More Actions Yiwen has a account Yiwen Sun Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft University of Illinois at Chicago Greater Seattle Area 334 334 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent PhD in Computer Science with professional interests in data analysis, data mining, natural language processing and visual analytics. Extensive experience in developing machine learning applications for forecasting, anomaly detection, fraud detection and automated machine learning framework; deploying big data solutions on Hadoop, Cosmos, Spark. Strong programming experience using C++, C#, Java, R, Python. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Azure Machine Learning Group Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Internet of Things Group Software Engineer Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Windows Embedded Connected Car Team Research Assistant Company Name University of Illinois at Chicago, Electronic Visualization Laboratory Dates Employed 2006 – 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs • Proposed and prototyped a visual analysis model that translates natural language queries into visualization automatically, to help knowledge workers quickly conduct effective data analysis. • Designed and implemented an automatic analysis and visualization tool to assist current diagnosis and evaluation methods of attention disorders based on eye tracking.• Automated image data preparation and Implemented image-based medical data visualization on an initiative display system combining 3D stereoscopic and 2D multi-touch technology.• Developed a collaborative visualization system for multi-dimensional time-varying hydrologic data analysis. Media (1) This position has 1 media Articulate: a Conversational Interface for Visual Analytics Articulate: a Conversational Interface for Visual Analytics This media is a video Research Intern Company Name Microsoft Research Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Redmond, Washington Designed a storytelling prototype that supports the communication of data with visualization. See more positions Education University of Illinois at Chicago Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2012 Shandong University Degree Name B.Eng Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Human Computer Interaction See 13 endorsements for Human Computer Interaction 13 Human Computer Interaction Endorsed by 4 of Yiwen’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Data Visualization See 12 endorsements for Data Visualization 12 Data Visualization Endorsed by 4 of Yiwen’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills OpenGL See 12 endorsements for OpenGL 12 OpenGL Endorsed by Alessandro Febretti, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Yiwen’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Data Mining, Statistics, Big Data, Data Visualization, and Data Science 150,432 members Shandong University 49,288 followers 山东大学 44,568 followers User Experience 152,986 members Pulse 1,535,235 followers Microsoft 3,687,420 followers See all See all following
More Actions Trevor has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Trevor Stephens Data Scientist Xero University of San Francisco Melbourne, Australia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Product Data Analyst Company Name Xero Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Melbourne, Australia Data Scientist Company Name AutoGrid Systems Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Redwood Shores, CA Data Scientist (July 2014 - January 2017):Working with a major utility customer to build a first-in-class platform to predict power outages before they happen. Focused on building a high-precision real-time predictive engine that minimizes false-positives so that power-restoration crews can become outage-prevention crews, and have the maximum possible impact in keeping the lights on for millions of customers.Evaluated a variety of approaches in major Python machine learning packages such as scikit-learn and statsmodels for suitability to this task, such as Random Forests, gradient boosting machines, linear models and SVMs. Created custom time-series cross-validation classes in Python to back cast models' performance on historical data.Delivered presentations to external customers, explaining complex concepts and gaining buy-in for analytical approaches and methods.Acting as product manager, directed AutoGrid data engineers and customer IT to build an on-premise and real-time system to provide alerts for when electrical outages are predicted using open-source technology such as Spark, Kafka and Redis within an Agile development process.Designed and documented data pipeline specifications including logical diagrams, architectural requirements, Kafka API design, MySQL schema.Authored production-level and highly configurable Python classes to clean and transform incoming data into machine learning ready formats with extensive use of the Pandas DataFrame library, as well as NumPy and SciPy where appropriate.Data Science Intern (January 2014 - June 2014):Forecasting energy use and peak power events for residential and commercial end users. Applying machine learning techniques to predict future demand so that power producers and facility managers could better plan for high load days. Media (1) This position has 1 media AutoGrid Customer Testimonial: Florida Power & Light AutoGrid Customer Testimonial: Florida Power & Light This media is a video Data Science Intern Company Name PayPal Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Jose, CA Analysis of PayPal's merchant onboarding process using Python and R. Performed deep-dive analytics and visualization of account-acquisition funnel, segmenting customers by level of engagement and platform (mobile/desktop). Examined conversion temporal patterns, performance of key referral pages and viability of SARIMA time-series modeling of expected new account activations. C++ Teaching Assistant Company Name QuantNet.com Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Guiding a rolling enrollment cohort, with an average of 75 students, through a 16 week intensive program by responding to questions, suggesting code or logic tweaks as well as further reading on language syntax, object-oriented and generic programming, as well as the STL and Boost libraries. Application & Sales Engineer Company Name Argo International Dates Employed May 2008 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location New York, NY and San Francisco, CA Responsible for design and support of engineered products for field engineers and customers. Using recognized engineering principles, perform calculations and utilize sophisticated proprietary software to make appropriate design decisions for optimal equipment performance. Exposed to wide variety of industries including petroleum, chemical production and power generation.• 2011 Argo International Goal Busters Award• Exceeded 2011 sales budget and grew territory by 20% year-over-year• Exceeded 2010 sales budget by over 65% See more positions Education University of San Francisco Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Analytics Grade GPA: 3.98 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Monash University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering / Bachelor of Technology Field Of Study Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering Grade Honors: 1st Class Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Melbourne, Australia• Equivalent US GPA: ~3.8 Virginia Tech Degree Name Study Abroad - Spring, 2005 Field Of Study Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering Grade GPA: 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2005 • Monash Global Scholarship 2005 Volunteer Experience Contributor Company Name scikit-learn Dates volunteered Oct 2014 – Oct 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology scikit-learn is a machine learning package for the Python programming language. With tools for classification, regression and clustering problems, it is one of the most popular machine learning tools for data scientists. I have had the great pleasure of contributing to scikit-learn recently, interacting with the very talented core contributors and exposing my code to hundreds of thousands of users. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 67 endorsements for Data Mining 67 Data Mining Endorsed by Abhishek Thakur and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Trevor’s colleagues at AutoGrid Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 60 endorsements for Analytics 60 Analytics Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Trevor’s colleagues at AutoGrid Click and drag to reorder skills R See 59 endorsements for R 59 R Endorsed by Christian M. Lenaburg and 20 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Trevor’s colleagues at AutoGrid Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (10) Given (3) Raj Pai General Manager, Predictive IoT Applications, AutoGrid Systems February 14, 2017, Raj managed Trevor directly I worked with Trevor at AutoGrid where he was data scientist for an innovative solution we built in the energy internet domain. Trevor is detail oriented, has strong algorithm and data modeling skills, and knows what it takes to build an end-to-end data application for commercial success. Eric Hsieh Data Scientist at AutoGrid January 27, 2017, Trevor was senior to Eric but didn’t manage directly I had the honor to work under Trevor as a mentee and successor for a machine learning product that he founded at AutoGrid. Throughout our time working together, he has excelled and proven to be an excellent software engineer, data scientist, mentor, and team player. As a software engineer, Trevor laid down production-grade infrastructures and tools that are robust, scalable, and simple for other engineers/data scientists to use. As a data scientist, he designed and built elegant and original machine learning solutions that translate large and noisy data into meaningful signals. As a mentor, he was patient, detailed-oriented, and exceptional at explaining complex ideas/processes. Beyond his adroit technical skills, what I enjoyed the most about working with Trevor is his attitude as a team player. He is selfless and resilient; he will do anything for his team to succeed, even if that means him taking on the most daunting and undesirable tasks. It has been an absolute privilege working with and learning from Trevor. He has left us not just a solid product foundation but also a great team legacy. We miss him greatly. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Denis Sorokin DevOps Engineer at Atlassian May 30, 2015, Trevor worked with Denis in different groups Working with Denis over the past year has been a great experience. With countless demands on his time, Denis handled all my infrastructure needs with expertise, timeliness and an always friendly and upbeat attitude. I'd have no hesitation in recommending Denis to any organization in need of top-tier DevOps engineers. Viridiana Lourdes Manager Data Sciences Group at Esurance April 16, 2015, Viridiana worked with Trevor in the same group To work with Viridiana over the past year was a great experience. Viridiana is one of those few people that can provide innovative ideas, constructive feedback and friendship, all of which makes a data science team a real pleasure to work in. As a fellow member of the AutoGrid analytics team, I was able to appreciate Viridiana's talent in honing in on a problem's core business question, and leverage her skill as a talented statistician and programmer to realize the best way to find the answers in the data that would create the most value for our customers. I'll really miss working with Viridiana, but wish her the greatest success in her future endeavors in which I'm certain she'll make a great impact. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Trevor has 17 courses 17 Expand courses section Courses Business Strategies for Big Data Computing for Data Analysis Data & Information Visualization Data Acquisition Data Analysis Distributed Computing Distributed Databases Exploratory Data Analysis Game Theory Linear Regression Analysis Trevor has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English I may be cheating LinkedIn here Python R Trevor has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications QuantNet C++ Programming Certificate, with Distinction Professional Engineer, Mechanical LEED AP Operations + Maintenance Trevor has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects gplearn - Genetic Programming in Python Kaggle Tutorial - Titanic: Getting Started With R Interests Virginia Tech 199,499 followers Matt BarrieMatt Barrie is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Executive at Freelancer.com 321,356 followers Hilary MasonHilary Mason is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Fast Forward Labs 141,488 followers AutoGrid 1,745 followers Internet Archive 1,390 followers University of San Francisco's MS in Analytics Program 133 members See all See all following
More Actions Brandon has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Brandon Rohrer Data Scientist at Facebook Facebook Massachusetts Institute of Technology Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data science. Algorithm development. Modeling. Machine learning. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Brandon’s Activity 15,278 followers Random forests or neural networks? Python or R? Spark or MapReduce? It depends on what you're trying to do. https://lnkd.in/datHEZJ Brandon shared this High Resolution Settlement Layer Brandon liked a comment Energy Access Program Manager Brandon commented Thanks Tully Foote, for the early look at the terrificly compact Turtlebot 3. Brandon liked A One-Step Program for Becoming a Data Scientist Brandon liked a comment ‪How Deep Neural Networks Work and How We Put Them to Work at Facebook at 9:45 #ODSC #ODSCEast no math or programming skills required.‬ Brandon replied to a comment See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Boston, Massachusetts Developer Company Name Becca Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 5 mos Location GitHub Becca is a general purpose learning algorithm. It is a hybrid deep unsupervised and reinforcement learner. My goal is to create an algorithm that, like a human, can learn to do almost anything that it is consistently rewarded for, no matter how complex. It is an open source software project.Code and documentation: https://github.com/brohrer/becca Author Company Name Publications Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Present Employment Duration 18 yrs 5 mos Articles on data science, machine learning and robots.Online articles, 12 journal articles, 39 conference papers, 4 book chapters, 3 patents. Data Science and Robots Blog: http://brohrer.github.io/blog.htmlPublications: https://github.com/brohrer/publications/blob/master/README.md Principal Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Boston, MA Taught basic and advanced analytics and machine learning concepts to employees and the global community. Wrote tutorial examples and end-to-end industry solutions using Microsoft analytics tools, including the Cortana Intelligence Suite. Led and managed a team of eight.Senior Data Scientist March 2015 - August 2016Principal Data Scientist September 2016 - October 2016 Data Scientist Company Name DuPont Pioneer Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Boston, MA Created new data-driven crop growth model, integrating biological, chemical and meteorological phenomena. Interpreted noisy biological data using robust statistics and probabilistic representations. Team leader, coordinating data scientists, researchers and software developers in reaching concrete research and product milestones. See more positions Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 Activities and Societies: National Science Foundation Graduate Fellow Thesis Committee Chair: Neville HoganThesis title: Evolution of Movement Smoothness and Submovement Patterns in Persons with Stroke Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Activities and Societies: National Science Foundation Graduate Fellow Thesis advisor: Neville HoganThesis title: Study of Adaptation in Amputees Brigham Young University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Ezra Taft Benson (Presidential) Scholar, National Merit Scholar, Graduated cum laude Featured Skills & Endorsements Artificial Intelligence See 179 endorsements for Artificial Intelligence 99+ Artificial Intelligence Endorsed by Ian Fasel and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Brandon’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 306 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 25 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 37 of Brandon’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 242 endorsements for Algorithms 99+ Algorithms Endorsed by Hamid Maei and 14 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 30 of Brandon’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Min Qiu Senior Software Engineer at Microsoft September 21, 2016, Brandon managed Min directly Min tackled some of our toughest engineering challenges. She showed unflagging tenacity when puzzling out tricky integration problems, debugging multi-component software systems and constructing complex cloud architectures. She created systems that included enterprise-scale machine learning models, large scale data storage and querying, dashboard visualization, custom data simulation and RESTful api's for hybrid cloud and on-premise implementations. Min is excellent at what she does. Accomplishments Interests KDnuggets 2,685 followers David MarcusDavid Marcus is a LinkedIn Influencer Head of Messenger @ Facebook 273,303 followers Hilary MasonHilary Mason is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Fast Forward Labs 141,488 followers Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,357,437 followers Facebook 1,533,778 followers KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,127 members See all See all following
More Actions Hemant has a account Hemant Joshi Director of Global Big Data Science at L'Oreal L'Oreal University of Arkansas at Little Rock New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • [07/2016 - present] Director of Global Data Science, MTI L'Oreal • [01/2015 - 06/2016] Director Data Science, L'Oreal Tech Incubator• [08/2014 - 12/2014] Senior Data Scientist, Tumblr• [02/2012-07/2014] Senior Data Scientist, DataMinr• [06/2007-01/2012] Data Scientist, Acxiom Corp. - Working on big data problems with Approximate Matching, Social Graph Mining and Data Analytics• [08/2007-01/2012] Adjunct Faculty at Comp. Sci. Dept. UALR. - Mentoring and advising PhD students • [01/2003-05/2007] Graduate Student, Department of Computer Science, UALR, Arkansas. Introduction to Computer Science Lab Instructor since 2003-2007• [03/2001-12/2002] Senior Analyst and Architect for zionsbank.com – Member of team to study and develop online banking functionality. I worked on online money transfer module.• [08/2000-02/2001] Consultant analyst for freecomcorp.com – Developed a prototype synchronization client for the Intellisync server.• [03/2000-07/2000] Senior developer for client Medschool.com – Member of team that developed online course content development and rendering with integrated streaming media.• [07/1999-02/2000] Lead developer for client qool.com –Lead developer to implement backend J2EE infrastructure for the qool client communication.Specialties: approximate record matching, distributed processing, algorithms, java programming, applied research methodologies, NOSQL key-value stores and graph databases See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Global Big Data Science Company Name L'Oreal Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater New York Area Co Founder, Secretary Company Name Save Indian farmers Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location USA I am part of the group of people, concerned with situation of farmers in India. We got together for a cause that moved us. We are socially conscious individuals and focus on issue of farmer suicides in India. As a secretary, I coordinate between executive decisions and implementation of those decisions with our partner NGOs in India. So far we have helped 1300 people of Pathari village with ambitious water conservation project. We have also helped 61 widows start their own small business. Media (1) This position has 1 media Save Indian Farmers Home Save Indian Farmers Home This media is a link Director, Data Science Company Name L'Oréal Digital Incubator, Research and Innovation Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area As a part of Tech Incubator, my role is to focus on data. L'Oreal as a company and especially R & I group focuses on data and product insights as a valuable resource for performance improvements as well as ideation of new products. As a director, I focus on all aspects on consumer centric and data driven decision making from user design and experience to user feedback, better product design, consumer insights as well as predictive analytics on a large scale of many of L'Oreal bands internationally. Media (1) This position has 1 media How To Use the Makeup Genius App by L'Oréal Paris, Makeup Designer How To Use the Makeup Genius App by L'Oréal Paris, Makeup Designer This media is a video Senior Data Scientist Company Name Tumblr Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location NYC Senior Data Scientist Company Name Dataminr Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location New York, NY Dataminr is a real-time social media analytics company with a mission to discover new value in social media for enterprise clients. We leverage Twitter and other social media data-sets as a global sensor network for detecting emerging events and public trends. Our clients include buy-side and sell-side firms in the finance industry as well as municipal and federal agencies in the government sector. Dataminr was founded in 2009 and is based in New York City. See more positions Education University of Arkansas at Little Rock Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy Field Of Study Applied Computing Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Mumbai University Degree Name Bachelors Degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Volunteer Experience Founding Member, Secretary Company Name Save Indian Farmers Dates volunteered Oct 2012 – Oct 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment Save Indian Farmers LLC is a non-profit 501 (c) (3)organization established to address issues related to farmers’ suicides in India. The organization is funded by people like you who work hard and are also socially conscious about issues.The main objective of the organization is to promote awareness regarding the issue of farmer suicides, help the families of the victims and fund projects that will help the farmers and their families in long term. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 75 endorsements for Data Mining 75 Data Mining Endorsed by Gus Segura and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Hemant’s colleagues at L'Oréal Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 44 endorsements for Big Data 44 Big Data Endorsed by Mathias Golombek and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Hemant’s colleagues at Dataminr, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 41 endorsements for Java 41 Java Endorsed by 5 of Hemant’s colleagues at Dataminr, Inc. Endorsed by 9 people who know Java Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (2) Terry Talley Software Architect May 31, 2011, Hemant worked with Terry in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Dr. Hemant Joshi for several years in Acxiom Research. Hemant is one of the most intellectually curious people I have met. His curiosity and breadth of knowledge often lead him to come up with clever or novel approaches to complex problems. I learned a great deal working with Hemant, particularly on techniques for knowledge extraction from unstructured data and about machine learning. I highly recommend Hemant, particularly for challenges associated with guided or autonomous extraction of information from large or diverse data sources. Stuart White Senior Software Engineer at SpotRight Inc. April 8, 2011, Hemant worked with Stuart in the same group Hemant is intelligent, personable, and has an excellent work ethic. During his time on the Acxiom Research team, he was a thought-leader, often introducing new ideas and technologies to the rest of the team. Hemant maintains good working relationships with his peers, allowing his work to have a broad impact. Hemant always has a great attitude, and I have enjoyed the time we've worked together. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Stuart White Senior Software Engineer at SpotRight Inc. April 9, 2011, Stuart worked with Hemant in the same group Stuart and I have worked together close to 4 years in Acxiom's Research and Development team. He is an exceptional programmer and keeps keen grasp of current technologies in order to better existing processing. His "We can do this" attitude is very positive and brings excitement and enthusiasm to the project. He has proficiency in several different programming languages (such as C/C++, java) as well as different platforms (Windows, Linux, Hadoop, J2EE). I would strongly recommend Stuart. Kevin Liles SVP Engineering at SpotRight April 8, 2011, Hemant reported directly to Kevin Kevin is certainly one of the best managers I have had pleasure of working with. He has the ability to manage diverse research ideas and still focus on the end goal with perfection. He has guided several research projects to success at Acxiom and continues to make an impact at broad level. I have personally enjoyed working with Kevin and hope to do so in future as well. Accomplishments Hemant has 12 publications 12 Expand publications section Publications Springer Handbook of Automation A Dynamic Approach to Software Bug Estimation Ontology for Disaster Mitigation and Planning Automatic Dissemination of Text Information using the EBOTS system Concept Set Extraction with User Session Context Local and Global Recency Weighting Approach to Bug Prediction Local and Global Recency Weighting Aproach to Bug Prediction Topic Categorization for Relevancy and Opinion Detection UALR at TREC-ENT 2007 UALR at blog Track Hemant has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Online Machine Learning Course at Stanford via Coursera Online Natural Language Processing Course at Stanford via Coursera Hemant has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Neiman Marcus 93,109 followers University of Arkansas at Little Rock 37,632 followers University of Arkansas at Little Rock 35,605 followers L'Oréal 1,065,271 followers University of Mumbai 479,632 followers Graph Theory and Algorithms 17,993 members See all See all following
More Actions Csaba has a account Csaba Ragány Data Scientist at Dmlab Dmlab Budapest University of Technology and Economics Budapest, Budapest, Hungary 210 210 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of projects in IT and Services industry covering the fields of customer behavior analysis (churn, fraud, segmentation, etc.), GPS fleet tracking analysis, time series & transactional data analysis, and training data science courses. Skilled in Research, Python, SQL, RapidMiner, Tableau, and Data Analysis, Data Visualization and Data Warehousing. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (M.Sc.) focused in Computer Science from Budapest University of Technology and Economics. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Dmlab Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Budapest, Hungary My tasks include: - data preparation, data analysis, data mining, data visualization, - statistics, descriptive & predictive analysis, advanced analytics, - ad-hoc & production script development (in Python, SQL, RapidMiner), - presenting results & documenting projects, - training data science courses. Education Budapest University of Technology and Economics Degree Name Master of Science (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Computer Science Grade good Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Warehousing See 6 endorsements for Data Warehousing 6 Data Warehousing Benedek Szabó and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 6 endorsements for Data Mining 6 Data Mining Gyula Borbély and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 5 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 5 Microsoft Excel Gyula Borbély and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Csaba has 12 projects 12 Expand projects section Projects Training data science courses NAV - Big Data and Network Analytics of OPG & TAFA datasets Company Guard - Analysis of GPS fleet tracking data DPD & E-Radius - Parcel data discovery, misdelivery analysis, truck GPS analysis Publishing blog posts at adatbanyaszat.blog.hu Waberer's - Driver Behaviour Analysis I. & II. MOL - Advanced Analytics of Delayed Coker Unit (DCU) DBS - Online Payment System Föld-rendszer (Scientific processing of Earth system data) Nokia log analysis Interests Big Data, Analytics, Business Intelligence & Visualization Experts Community 232,443 members Budapest University of Technology and Economics 40,664 followers RapidMiner, Inc. 3,421 followers Machine Learning and Data Science 60,874 members Microsoft Azure & Microsoft Cloud 42,056 members Dmlab 108 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hemant has a account Hemant Joshi Director of Global Big Data Science at L'Oreal L'Oreal University of Arkansas at Little Rock New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • [07/2016 - present] Director of Global Data Science, MTI L'Oreal • [01/2015 - 06/2016] Director Data Science, L'Oreal Tech Incubator• [08/2014 - 12/2014] Senior Data Scientist, Tumblr• [02/2012-07/2014] Senior Data Scientist, DataMinr• [06/2007-01/2012] Data Scientist, Acxiom Corp. - Working on big data problems with Approximate Matching, Social Graph Mining and Data Analytics• [08/2007-01/2012] Adjunct Faculty at Comp. Sci. Dept. UALR. - Mentoring and advising PhD students • [01/2003-05/2007] Graduate Student, Department of Computer Science, UALR, Arkansas. Introduction to Computer Science Lab Instructor since 2003-2007• [03/2001-12/2002] Senior Analyst and Architect for zionsbank.com – Member of team to study and develop online banking functionality. I worked on online money transfer module.• [08/2000-02/2001] Consultant analyst for freecomcorp.com – Developed a prototype synchronization client for the Intellisync server.• [03/2000-07/2000] Senior developer for client Medschool.com – Member of team that developed online course content development and rendering with integrated streaming media.• [07/1999-02/2000] Lead developer for client qool.com –Lead developer to implement backend J2EE infrastructure for the qool client communication.Specialties: approximate record matching, distributed processing, algorithms, java programming, applied research methodologies, NOSQL key-value stores and graph databases See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Global Big Data Science Company Name L'Oreal Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater New York Area Co Founder, Secretary Company Name Save Indian farmers Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location USA I am part of the group of people, concerned with situation of farmers in India. We got together for a cause that moved us. We are socially conscious individuals and focus on issue of farmer suicides in India. As a secretary, I coordinate between executive decisions and implementation of those decisions with our partner NGOs in India. So far we have helped 1300 people of Pathari village with ambitious water conservation project. We have also helped 61 widows start their own small business. Media (1) This position has 1 media Save Indian Farmers Home Save Indian Farmers Home This media is a link Director, Data Science Company Name L'Oréal Digital Incubator, Research and Innovation Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area As a part of Tech Incubator, my role is to focus on data. L'Oreal as a company and especially R & I group focuses on data and product insights as a valuable resource for performance improvements as well as ideation of new products. As a director, I focus on all aspects on consumer centric and data driven decision making from user design and experience to user feedback, better product design, consumer insights as well as predictive analytics on a large scale of many of L'Oreal bands internationally. Media (1) This position has 1 media How To Use the Makeup Genius App by L'Oréal Paris, Makeup Designer How To Use the Makeup Genius App by L'Oréal Paris, Makeup Designer This media is a video Senior Data Scientist Company Name Tumblr Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location NYC Senior Data Scientist Company Name Dataminr Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location New York, NY Dataminr is a real-time social media analytics company with a mission to discover new value in social media for enterprise clients. We leverage Twitter and other social media data-sets as a global sensor network for detecting emerging events and public trends. Our clients include buy-side and sell-side firms in the finance industry as well as municipal and federal agencies in the government sector. Dataminr was founded in 2009 and is based in New York City. See more positions Education University of Arkansas at Little Rock Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy Field Of Study Applied Computing Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Mumbai University Degree Name Bachelors Degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Volunteer Experience Founding Member, Secretary Company Name Save Indian Farmers Dates volunteered Oct 2012 – Oct 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Economic Empowerment Save Indian Farmers LLC is a non-profit 501 (c) (3)organization established to address issues related to farmers’ suicides in India. The organization is funded by people like you who work hard and are also socially conscious about issues.The main objective of the organization is to promote awareness regarding the issue of farmer suicides, help the families of the victims and fund projects that will help the farmers and their families in long term. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 75 endorsements for Data Mining 75 Data Mining Endorsed by Gus Segura and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Hemant’s colleagues at L'Oréal Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 44 endorsements for Big Data 44 Big Data Endorsed by Mathias Golombek, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Hemant’s colleagues at Dataminr, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 41 endorsements for Java 41 Java Endorsed by 5 of Hemant’s colleagues at Dataminr, Inc. Endorsed by 9 people who know Java Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (2) Terry Talley Software Architect May 31, 2011, Hemant worked with Terry in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Dr. Hemant Joshi for several years in Acxiom Research. Hemant is one of the most intellectually curious people I have met. His curiosity and breadth of knowledge often lead him to come up with clever or novel approaches to complex problems. I learned a great deal working with Hemant, particularly on techniques for knowledge extraction from unstructured data and about machine learning. I highly recommend Hemant, particularly for challenges associated with guided or autonomous extraction of information from large or diverse data sources. Stuart White Senior Software Engineer at SpotRight Inc. April 8, 2011, Hemant worked with Stuart in the same group Hemant is intelligent, personable, and has an excellent work ethic. During his time on the Acxiom Research team, he was a thought-leader, often introducing new ideas and technologies to the rest of the team. Hemant maintains good working relationships with his peers, allowing his work to have a broad impact. Hemant always has a great attitude, and I have enjoyed the time we've worked together. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Stuart White Senior Software Engineer at SpotRight Inc. April 9, 2011, Stuart worked with Hemant in the same group Stuart and I have worked together close to 4 years in Acxiom's Research and Development team. He is an exceptional programmer and keeps keen grasp of current technologies in order to better existing processing. His "We can do this" attitude is very positive and brings excitement and enthusiasm to the project. He has proficiency in several different programming languages (such as C/C++, java) as well as different platforms (Windows, Linux, Hadoop, J2EE). I would strongly recommend Stuart. Kevin Liles SVP Engineering at SpotRight April 8, 2011, Hemant reported directly to Kevin Kevin is certainly one of the best managers I have had pleasure of working with. He has the ability to manage diverse research ideas and still focus on the end goal with perfection. He has guided several research projects to success at Acxiom and continues to make an impact at broad level. I have personally enjoyed working with Kevin and hope to do so in future as well. Accomplishments Hemant has 12 publications 12 Expand publications section Publications Springer Handbook of Automation A Dynamic Approach to Software Bug Estimation Ontology for Disaster Mitigation and Planning Automatic Dissemination of Text Information using the EBOTS system Concept Set Extraction with User Session Context Local and Global Recency Weighting Approach to Bug Prediction Local and Global Recency Weighting Aproach to Bug Prediction Topic Categorization for Relevancy and Opinion Detection UALR at TREC-ENT 2007 UALR at blog Track Hemant has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Online Machine Learning Course at Stanford via Coursera Online Natural Language Processing Course at Stanford via Coursera Hemant has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Tumblr 41,573 followers Apache Mahout 5,968 members ACM SIGKDD & Annual KDD Conference 4,671 members Pulse 1,535,236 followers University of Arkansas at Little Rock 35,605 followers Save Indian Farmers 24 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jordan has a account Jordan Atlas Senior Data Scientist Microsoft Cornell University Greater Seattle Area 317 317 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Programming: SQL, C#, Python, Visual Studio, MATLABPython Packages: Scipy, Matplotlib, SloppyCell, LPSolve, pyODBCMathematical Methods: Numerical Solution of Discontinuous ODE/DAE systems, Linear Programming, Kinetic Monte Carlo Simulations, Stochastic Methods, OptimizationCommunication: MediaWiki, Wordpress, Google API See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist and Software Engineer Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Redmond, Washington SENIOR DATA SCIENTIST (May 2015 - Present)• Online controlled experiments with Exchange Online.SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER (October 2014 - May 2015)• Usage analytics and passive monitoring for OneDrive and SharePoint.• Anomaly detection and diagnosis for customer usage.SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER IN TEST II (September 2012 - September 2014)• Usage analytics and passive monitoring for SharePoint, OneDrive for Business, and Yammer.• Enabled product managers, testers, and developers to make product decisions using relevant data. • Triaged the severity of product issues using user engagement data.SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER IN TEST (August 2010 - September 2012)• Search Relevance testing and automation for Sharepoint Search. • Responsible for verifying the correctness and performance of search relevance features in Microsoft SharePoint products. • Developed automation for testing relevance features. • Managed a team of vendors who assessed search quality. • Generated data for tuning search engine ranking models using machine learning algorithms. Graduate Researcher Company Name Cornell University Dates Employed Sep 2003 – May 2010 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location Ithaca, NY Thesis title: Simulation of a Whole-Cell with the Minimum Number of Genes Necessary for Sustained ReplicationEstablished a chemically detailed single cell model of a minimal bacterial cell. Solved differential-algebraic systems describing the growth and physiology of bacterial cells. Applied parameter estimation, stability analysis, and bifurcation analysis in biological models to predict physiological behavior. Graduate Researcher Company Name Los Alamos National Laboratory Dates Employed 2007 – 2007 Employment Duration less than a year Investigated the mathematical differences between heuristic and rule-based models of signal transduction. Developed a novel method for characterizing protein interaction networks in terms of their individual parts. Systems Engineering Intern Company Name Phase Forward Dates Employed 1999 – 2003 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Waltham, MA Administered Windows domain for a company of 300+ employees. Developed information technology software including a web-based IT help request system. Deployed and tested wireless network. Conducted software smoke and regression testing. Position held during summer and winter breaks, 1999-2003. Education Cornell University Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Science Writer Intern: Cornell Chronicle (Fall 2009), Counselor: Empathy, Assistance, and Referral Service (EARS) (2008-2010), Workshop Organizer: Expanding Your Horizons Workshop University of Massachusetts, Amherst Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Corresponding Secretary: Tau Beta Pi Engineering Honors Society (2000-2003), Founder / President: UMass Shotokan Karate Club (2002-2003) University of Massachusetts, Amherst Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Biochemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2003 Volunteer Experience Student Crisis Counselor Company Name Cornell University Dates volunteered Sep 2009 – May 2010 Volunteer duration 9 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 4 endorsements for Data Analysis 4 Data Analysis Endorsed by Vincent Yates, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jordan’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Data Engineering See 2 endorsements for Data Engineering 2 Data Engineering Endorsed by 2 of Jordan’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 3 endorsements for Analytics 3 Analytics Endorsed by 3 of Jordan’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jordan has 5 courses 5 Expand courses section Courses Analysis of Algoritms Computational Methods for Nonlinear Systems Machine Learning Machine Learning Numerical Solutions of Differential Equations Jordan has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Modeling a Minimal Cell Incorporating genome-wide DNA sequence information into a dynamic whole-cell model of Escherichia coli: application to DNA replication “Sensitivity and control analysis of periodically forced reaction networks using the Green's function method” Computer models of bacterial cells: from generalized coarse-grained to genome-specific modular modules Jordan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Jordan has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Azure Puzzle Collateral Management Site Interests University of Massachusetts Amherst 176,544 followers Microsoft - Current and Former Employees 82,164 members SBML 628 members University of Massachusetts Amherst 180,573 followers Cornell University 265,749 followers Microsoft 3,687,427 followers See all See all following
More Actions Raghav has a account Raghav Madhavan Managing Director, Chief Data Scientist UBS NYU Stern School of Business New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Managing Director, Chief Data Scientist Company Name UBS Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Managing Director, Chief Data Scientist Company Name JPMorgan Chase Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Managing Director. Content & Workflow Practice Area Group Head Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Managing Director, CTO Investment Banking Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Dec 1994 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 16 yrs 7 mos Adjunct Company Name NYU - Stern School of Business Dates Employed Sep 1991 – Dec 1996 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Taught IT courses at Undergrad and Graduate levels in the Stern School of Business See more positions Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name Ph.D Field Of Study Major: Information Technology Minor: Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1999 University of Detroit Mercy Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1986 Activities and Societies: Research Assistant, Kellstadt Consumer Research Center, School of Business Indian Statistical Institute Degree Name M. Stat Field Of Study Statistics & Operations Research Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1985 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Integration See 95 endorsements for Integration 95 Integration Endorsed by Robert Dugdale and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Raghav’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 89 endorsements for Management 89 Management Endorsed by Satish Kamath and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Raghav’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 74 endorsements for Business Analysis 74 Business Analysis Endorsed by Lalit Moorjani and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Raghav’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Anna University 318,554 followers Wharton Customer Analytics Initiative 3,219 members Data Scientists 49,118 members NYU Stern School of Business 100,220 followers Quantitative Analysis Professional 3,634 members JPMorgan Chase & Co. 919,213 followers See all See all following
More Actions Qing (Vivian) has a account Qing (Vivian) Li Data Scientist / Quantitative Researcher at Facebook Facebook Arizona State University Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • PhD in Industrial Engineering. Data scientist with extensive knowledge and skills in data mining, mathematical programming, statistical analysis, math modeling, and simulation. • 10 years of hands-on experience with large-scale data analytics. 2 years of experience in management. • Passionate problem solver and fast learner.• Trusted business partner, thought leader, and team player. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Qing (Vivian)’s Activity 806 followers Going everywhere is going nowhere. Doing everything is doing nothing. Focus. Qing (Vivian) liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist / Quantitative Researcher Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Seattle, Washington Prototype and develop innovative advertising and measurement solutions. Collaborate with product and engineering teams on scaling and implementation. Manager, Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Bellevue, WA Manage a team of Data Scientists to work on Advertiser Insights and Optimization projects. Focus area includes Driving more revenue through Demand Opportunity, Customer Segmentation, Incubation of new research, Demand Health. Senior Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Bellevue, WA Explore extremely large data and provide actionable, strategic recommendations through machine learning and data mining to improve Microsoft’s Search Advertising business.Collaborate with researchers, engineers and product managers. Provide thought leadership to marketing, sales and product initiatives.Manage projects through ideation, data gathering, analysis, modeling, and communication to broad audiences.Examples of analytics work:o Classification of advertisers using random foresto Advertiser's Ad Copy variables optimizationo Development of marketplace displacement models and their applicationso Query trend clustering across different devices at different times of dayo Analysis of advertiser behavior and response to marketplace changeso Development of methodology to identify seasonal micro-markets o Measurement and evaluating marketing initiatives responseo Infusing advertiser demand by vertical to optimize sales and marketing efforts through simulationo Analytics on syndication network smart pricing platformProvide technical trainings for analysts and peer mentoring to junior team members and interns. Search Research Analyst Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Bellevue, WA Research Assistant Company Name Arizona State University Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Tempe, AZ Worked on both theoretical and practical projects. 1. Improving the efficient at the catheterization lab at Scottsdale Healthcare. 2007-08. • Developed a simulation model to help analyze the performance of the existing scheduling approachand compare the effectiveness of alternative policies in the multi-criteria decision environment.• By implementing our recommendations, the hospital is realizing a 21% increase in lab utilization and a41% decrease in overtime, which translates to an annual savings of approximately $36,000.2. Information technology capacity management at American Express. Jan.-Sep. 2009• Developed a simulation model that monitors an on-line booking application server capacity.• Developed a business process model in ProVision that helps to identify system bottlenecks.3. Urban shade optimization. Sep.-Dec. 2008• Mathematically modeled the problem of optimizing location of shading entities in urban environments.• Compared heuristics, relaxation strategies and exact solution approaches for obtaining solutions.• Downtown Phoenix served as a case study to evaluate the model. 4. Dissertation topic: Multi-objective operating room planning and scheduling. Mar. 2000-Aug. 2010• Applied data mining to improve the classification of surgical data. (based on data of Mayo Clinic)• Developed a concrete multi-objective MIP formulation for each phase and solved with CPLEX.• Used Random Keys Genetic Algorithm to solve the second phase and compared with heuristic.• Investigated the necessity of interacting planning and scheduling phase. See more positions Education Arizona State University Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Grade GPA: 3.9 Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Omega Rho Honor Society, INFORMS. Vice President of Omega Rho ASU Student Chapter. Media (1) This position has 1 media Dissertation: Multi-Objective Operating Room Planning and Scheduling Dissertation: Multi-Objective Operating Room Planning and Scheduling This media is a document Arizona State University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Grade GPA: 3.85 Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 Xi'an Jiaotong University Degree Name Dual B.S. Field Of Study Industrial Engineering & Management Science Grade Top 5% Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 62 endorsements for Data Mining 62 Data Mining Endorsed by Hang Zhang and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 20 of Qing (Vivian)’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Operations Research See 39 endorsements for Operations Research 39 Operations Research Endorsed by Qingwei Li and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Qing (Vivian)’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 31 endorsements for Statistics 31 Statistics Endorsed by Wei Guo, Ph.D. and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Qing (Vivian)’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Lars Hirsch Principal Product Manager - Technical, Sponsored Products at Amazon - I'm hiring! July 7, 2016, Lars managed Qing (Vivian) directly Vivian is a rock star data science manager with great execution skills, technical skills and people skills. She is great at motivating her team, understanding the business priorities and translating them down to team work items. She keeps her cool in an environment with a high level of ambiguity and changing priorities. She is a great team leader and contributor. Joe Ponzio Analytics at Warner Bros. Entertainment Group of Companies July 19, 2016, Qing (Vivian) worked with Joe in the same group Vivian is a brilliant problem solver and great coworker. She is never at a loss when it comes to building creative solutions to seemingly insurmountable challenges, all while being able to explain things in a way that anyone can digest. Both Vivian's work and interpersonal skills are second to none and I cannot recommend her strongly enough. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Qing (Vivian) has 8 honors 8 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Team of the Year Award Breaking Ground Award 2013 New Faces of Engineering ASU Graduate Fellowship ASU Outstanding Student Award Second Prize in the City of Phoenix Mathematical Modeling Contest in Sustainability Enterprise Scholarship from Baosteel Inc Siyuan Excellent Student Scholarship Qing (Vivian) has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Ad Copy Study Brand Terms Study Query Trend Analysis Identify seasonal micromarket Qing (Vivian) has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Multi-objective Operating Room Planning and Scheduling Improving the Utilization of Catheterization Labs at Scottsdale Healthcare Optimal shade location for urban environments Qing (Vivian) has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Creative Problem Solving Bing Ads Accredited Professional Qing (Vivian) has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Qing (Vivian) has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Toastmasters International Interests Industrial Engineering Network 91,946 members Arizona State University West 32,226 followers Lyft 47,788 followers Arizona State University College of Law 30,722 followers Philips 806,545 followers Software Engineering 5,089,851 followers See all See all following
More Actions Niranjan has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Niranjan Saigaonkar Deloitte Deloitte Lehigh University Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Graduate level Industrial Engineering professional with 3+ years of experience in Business Operations & Process Improvement Consulting, Data Analytics, Lean Manufacturing and Supply Chain Management. Pragmatic team player and proven leader with effective project management and communication skills. Seeking full time job opportunities in related fields. Core Competencies: Data Analytics and Reporting, Business Intelligence, Contract Negotiations, Value Stream Mapping, Process Improvement, Supply Chain Management, Procurement, Project Management and Controls, Product Design, Inventory Management, Quality ControlTech Skills:SAS, Python, C, SAP, Tableau, Minitab, SQL, Arena - Simulation, Microsoft Excel, Apache - SPARK See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Analyst Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater Boston Area Data Scientist Intern Company Name Geneia Dates Employed Jun 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Harrisburg, Pennsylvania Area GENEIA is a health care innovations company specializing in the development and deployment of clinical, analytic, and technical solutions for health care.Working as an Intern on the Data Scientist team for the development and implementation of statistical models including the following deliverables• Prepared data from raw files with over 39 billion data tuples using Base SAS and SAS Data Integration Studio.• Developed classification models for proactive prediction of disease condition with high accuracy. • Assisting Data Scientist team to reduce model run time from 72 hours to 6 hours. Business Operations & Process Improvement Consultant Company Name Lehigh University - Enterprise Systems Center Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Scranton, Pennsylvania Area Worked as project lead for process improvement, cost reduction and revenue improvement at modular house manufacturing company under the following deliverables:• Defined business requirements by discussion with company leadership and mapped the same to the technical requirements.• Performed root cause analysis to identify the factors affecting revenue and direct cost.• Developed an improvised plant setup by analysis of current setup using Discrete Event Simulation theory.• Eliminated engineering bottlenecks by preforming root cause analysis and transitioning to 3D modeling techniques.• Recommended and Implemented changes leading to savings of over 20% of the production cost. Manager at Projects and Procurement Company Name Reliance Industries Limited Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Navi Mumbai, India Reliance Industried Limited is a Fortune 100 Oil & Gas company with a turnover of $74 Billion. Served as capital and mechanical equipment buyer for the prestigious Jamnagar Phase 3 Expansion project under the following deliverables:• Negotiated commercial and legal contracts with global suppliers for procurement worth $514 M with savings of over $32 M.• Analyzed technical requirements and suggested cheaper equivalent material in compliance with licensor specifications.• Evaluated technical and commercial bids and expedited 24 orders on schedule. Research Associate Company Name Forbes Marshall Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Pune Area, India Forbes Marshall are leaders in manufacturing of process equipment and boilers. As a research project associate i was responsible for the following:• Improvement of efficiency of 0.3 TPH boiler from 80% to 85% using turbulence promoting inserts.• Reduction of fuel cost of over $4000 per annum. See more positions Education Lehigh University Degree Name Master of Engineering (M.Eng.) Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Grade 3.66 Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Enterprise Systems Center - Consulting Master of Engineering - Industrial and Systems Engineering Vishwakarma Institute of Information Technology, Pune Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Mechanical Grade First Class with Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: BAJA SAEINDIA (Team Captain) SUPRA SAEINDIA (Vice Captain) FORMULA 1 INDIAN GRAND PRIX 2011 (Post Chief) Bachelors of Engineering, Mechanical Engineering Bhartiya Vidya Mandir Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 2008 Volunteer Experience Sector Chief Company Name Formula 1 Events Dates volunteered Oct 2011 – Oct 2011 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology At the Formula - 1 - Indian Grand Prix, 2011, i served at a Sector Chief and was responsible for all events and incidents for 0.4 miles of racetrack. Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Intelligence See 6 endorsements for Business Intelligence 6 Business Intelligence Endorsed by 2 of Niranjan’s colleagues at Geneia Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 7 endorsements for SAS 7 SAS Haoxue(Susie) Song and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tableau See 1 endorsement for Tableau 1 Tableau Varad Narayanan has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Niranjan has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Applied Data Mining Design of Experiments Discrete Event Simulation Mining Massive Dataset Optimization, Applications and Models Planning and Scheduling in Manufacturing & Services Product Quality Systems Engineering and Decision Analysis Niranjan has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Marathi Niranjan has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Innovation and Leadership Residency Lehigh Consulting Club Society of Automotive Engineers Niranjan has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects SAEINDIA SUPRA 2012 SAEINDIA BAJA 2011 Interests Medecision 5,455 followers Occam Associates 1,650 followers GENPACT 326,593 followers Epsilon 135,948 followers Precision Advisors 293 followers Healthcare 6,528,726 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bo has a account Bo Pedersen Data Scientist - looking for new challenges Rosetta Stone Cornell University Harrisonburg, Virginia 272 272 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data scientist with substantial research and development experience in the areas of Language Learning and Language Technology. In addition to that I have also been deeply involved in Cognitive Psychology research, and have some fairly substantial experience with human subjects experimentation, data collection and modeling, and a series of publications as proof. And I've been around the block with embedded programming, gps, positioning of oil rigs, and was involved with Linux from the start and made web apps and mobile apps before that was really a thing... and about 30 years of programming experience. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Rosetta Stone Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Harrisonburg As a Data Scientist at Rosetta Stone I've been involved in the analysis of the vast amounts of data that we collect through the user interface, and I have used matrix decomposition, clustering, visualizations, etc. at scale to answer questions like: Are the users learning anything? Are they frustrated? Is this new component/initiative working?. More than often I have been the first person in the organization to do so, and the one to get the data out of the databases, clean it up and normalize it, and more than often I've been faced with data that were incorrect, insufficient or just with very little signal, and it's been part of my job to push to correct or change what we were collecting. And yes, of course I have been using hadoop, hdfs, noSQL as well as SQL, shell scripts, c++ and my old friend Matlab..However, the most challenging part of my job has been to analyze data for products that we were planning to build and obviously had no user data for yet, and then try to use internal and external sources to create a franken-data-set, in order to test predictability, user experience, and the overall sanity of the planned product.Highlights:Devised a generalized matrix decomposition framework to predict user behavior, and suggest appropriate content for users, and implemented the highly scalable c++ version that went into production.Created a framework that could make tight predictions of users standardized scores using non-expert judgments on Amazon Mechanical Turk.Created a stochastic model that predicted how fast the user population would consume new content.Created a prototype of a new mobile app that has been scoped for production. Project Manager Company Name Centre for Language Technology Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Jan 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Responsible for setting up, administering, handling data exchange in Oracle for a dictionary project. Multimodal interaction in a virtual environments. Ontology based search engine. System Administrator, Security responsible. (C++, Perl, Bash, Awk, Oracle, MySQL, Linux, HP, Solaris, Windows Project Manager Company Name EG A/S Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Jan 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Hour registration system. Administration of a server with mobile phone solutions. Positioning of oil platforms with GPS's(Delphi, WAP) Project Manager Company Name SmallTouch Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Jan 1999 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Data collection in a car with 3 moving cameras, GPS, gyro, etc; Votes collected by individual touch screens in the City Hall of Copenhagen. Event database for newspaper Jyllandsposten (Delphi, Embedded Pascal, Assembler, XML, Windows) Erhvervspraktikant Company Name LEGO Group Dates Employed May 1983 – May 1983 Employment Duration 1 mo Programmed a little prototype for an employee registration system Education Cornell University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Cognitive Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Member of the Cognitive Science Society since 2004. President of the Scandinavian Club at Cornell, 2004-2006. Aarhus University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Natural Language Processing See 19 endorsements for Natural Language Processing 19 Natural Language Processing Isabel Marcos and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 14 endorsements for Machine Learning 14 Machine Learning Isabel Marcos and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Pattern Recognition See 11 endorsements for Pattern Recognition 11 Pattern Recognition Isabel Marcos and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (5) Ilse Ackerman Data scientist August 6, 2013, Ilse managed Bo directly I had the good fortune to work closely with Bo over the last several years. He is a consummate data scientist, able to wrangle gnarly data from cobwebbed databases, tease out signal from copious noise, and make useful predictive models. He’s a consistent voice for good science, and he lets data speak for itself rather than torture it into confessing a desired outcome. Bo is incredibly at ease with computational statistics, curious to turn statistical methods upside down and inside out and see how they tick. He’s fearless about trying new or unconventional methods on data, and quick to pick up new tools. In his work and play, he has developed a portfolio of intriguing, novel applications of data science. I would love to get to collaborate with and learn from Bo again in the future. Andy Harbick Co-founder BidWrangler June 26, 2013, Andy managed Bo directly Bo is a wizard when it comes to data analysis/mining, modeling/prediction, and visualization. While working on the adaptive content team he demonstrated a near endless ability to look at a dataset with a different set of tools (clustering, regression, tensor models, collaborative filtering, ploting/drawing, and many others) and methods and to derive useful insights. He is a great independent thinker/worker but is also a capable team mate able to de-mystify the math underlying his work to less experienced colleagues. Finally, Bo is a great "tinkerer." While on my team he built a couple of great "proofs of concept" that applied his modeling work to a real-world application (in an iOS demo or MATLAB) bringing the model to life and serving as a great starting point from which to productionize his work for the benefit of customers. I would happily hire Bo again. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Ilse Ackerman Data scientist July 18, 2013, Bo reported directly to Ilse Ilse has been an absolutely fantastic colleague. Highly empathic, curious and with some unbelievable diverse scientific experience. As the leader of our tiny Data Science team she launched numerous new project, reached out to several other groups in the organization, and still managed to get her hands dirty on large data sets. She can drive a high level vision while staying grounded and keep attention to detail, and she is incredibly efficient. When I was working with her she was only working part time - it just did not feel like that.. Andy Harbick Co-founder BidWrangler June 25, 2013, Bo reported directly to Andy Andy is by far one of the best leaders I've worked under. 3 years ago Andy started to build the Adaptive Content Team at Rosetta Stone, and there was just the two of us. Now there are 30 and adaptiveness is now part of the Rosetta Stone DNA - it's been an interesting journey and I'm particularly impressed by the way he gently but persistently worked with the rest of the organization to change the mindset, the code base, the work flow to accommodate adaptiveness. He is a great listener and a great communicator, and understands the underlying dynamics of an organization. At the same time he also knows the details of the code and is a freaky fast programmer, and often contributes substantial amounts of code to a project himself. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Bo has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Danish English German Spanish Bo has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Native Language Effects on Spelling in English as a Foreign Language: A Time-Course Analysis Offline tracking of eyes and more with a simple webcam Some Tests of an Unsupervised Model of Language Acquisition Interests Pulse 1,535,236 followers NOVA Research Company 408 followers "Big Data" Scientist 12,289 members ColdLight, A PTC Business 1,189 followers Aarhus University 137,000 followers Analytic Recruiting Inc. 24,573 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mārtiņš has a account Mārtiņš Sandars Senior Data Scientist at 4Finance 4Finance Latvijas Universitate Latvia 223 223 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name 4Finance Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Riga, Latvia Credit scoring model development. Data analysis. Senior Risk Analyst Company Name 4finance Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Riga, Latvia Risk Analyst Company Name 4finance Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Riga, Latvia Junior Risk Analyst Company Name 4finance Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Riga, Latvia Intern Company Name LU Laser Centre (Laboratory of Astrospectroscopy) Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Riga, Latvia http://astro.lasercentre.lv/main.php See more positions Education Latvijas Universitate Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Student council Member, JFS (“School for young physicists”), LU FMF mixed quire "AURA". Graduated from University of Latvia, Faculty of Physics and mathematics (LU FMF) with Master's degree of natural sciences in physics.Master Thesis: „Chemical evolution of stars produced by neutron-capture nucleosynthesis”. Recived ESF scholarship “Support for master's degree programs”. Latvijas Universitate Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Student council Member (Deputy head 2010), JFS (“School for young physicists”), LU FMF mixed choir "AURA". Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 11 endorsements for Data Analysis 11 Data Analysis Asko Kauppinen and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Physics See 6 endorsements for Physics 6 Physics Baiba Niparte and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 6 endorsements for Statistics 6 Statistics Asko Kauppinen and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mārtiņš has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Applied Analytics and Development of Credit Scoring Applications Using SAS Enterprise Miner Estimation of Credit Risk: Theoretical Basis Microsoft Excel 2010 for advanced users Mārtiņš has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Latvian Russian Mārtiņš has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Gada Fizmats Interests Pulse 1,535,236 followers Latvijas Universitate 28,259 followers Technology 20,769,624 followers Latvijas Universitate 27,720 followers Financial Analyst Club Worldwide 167,862 members Big Data 5,065,295 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sean has a account Sean Najera Android Developer Slickdeals, LLC Udacity Las Vegas, Nevada 188 188 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm very excited to start my career as an Android software developer! Follow my code at https://github.com/flopshothttps://profiles.udacity.com/p/7704300012 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Science Consultant Company Name Slickdeals, LLC Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Las Vegas, Nevada Area Data Scientist Company Name VNU Retail Group Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Las Vegas, NV ● Blending mathematics, statistics, and computer science skills in order to analyze web traffic data● Creating dashboards that provide real time updates for monitoring key metrics● Developing decision forest model to predict first payment default flags and set credit-score thresholds● Performing exploratory data analysis on customer data with programming languages such as SAS, Python and SQL● Collaborating within a team environment that encourages gathering and sharing of technical and business insights Data Analyst Company Name Caesars Entertainment Corporation Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr ● Assisted with visual data algorithms using Python/OpenCV to analyze millions of video frames of blackjack security footage to obtain accurate metrics of player behavior in real-time● Assisted with hotel pricing optimization tool in Julia/VB to accurately secure best price across different customer segments● Performed table-game simulations in R to obtain confidence intervals of gaming revenues and utilization● Built JavaScript web application that interfaces customer location data with Google Maps API to visualize guest flow● Built ARMA(0, 1)(1, 0)12 model to forecast gaming trends and predict volume and revenue for executive leadership Research Assistant Company Name University of Nevada Las Vegas Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Las Vegas ●Oversaw demographic study of Las Vegas Latino population.●Wrote survey that adhered the standards of non-bias.●Designed experiment using cluster sampling to select individuals.●Applied loglinear model to the observed categorical data that measured odds and relative risk ratios of the Latino population. Teaching Assistant Company Name University of Nevada Las Vegas Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Las Vegas ● Statistics for Life Sciences I● Mathematics for Educators I & II● Calculus I● Precalculus II See more positions Education Udacity Degree Name Android Developer Nanodegree Field Of Study Computer Software Engineering Grade https://profiles.udacity.com/p/7704300012 Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 University of Nevada-Las Vegas Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 Time SeriesStochastic ModelingNon Parametric StatisticsBayesian Statistical AnalysisMultiple Regression Media (1) This position has 1 media Collaborating for a Cause Collaborating for a Cause This media is a link University of Nevada Las Vegas Degree Name Minor in Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 Object Oriented ProgrammingOperating SystemsWeb ScrappingDatabase Management SystemsAlgorithms See more education Volunteer Experience Animal Caretaker Company Name The Animal Foundation Dates volunteered Feb 2015 – Feb 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Animal Welfare Caretaker of the exotic class of rescued animals (bunnies, hamsters, reptiles, birds, etc.). Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 5 endorsements for Python 5 Python Mitch Harris and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills R See 10 endorsements for R 10 R Mitch Harris and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 13 endorsements for Statistics 13 Statistics Mitch Harris and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Armen Alexanian Business Analytics Developer August 11, 2014, Armen was Sean’s mentor Sean and I have shared best practices and statistical advice on a number of projects over the past three years on which each of us has been the lead in our respective areas. The quality of Sean's statistical and mathematical reasoning is only outshined by the brilliance and warmth of his personality. Working with Sean is fun because of his infectious enthusiasm and high energy. As soon as you meet him, you will want him working with you and not your competitors! Elliott Liu CEO at Ryan's Play; Advisor at ZenJet September 24, 2014, Elliott worked with Sean in the same group Elliot has made it a joy to work at Caesar's Entertainment. He brings not only his knowledge of analytics and optimization, but also his passion for the hospitality industry. Every week, he publishes a company-wide hospitality journal that highlights major shifts and events in the industry, which is not only rigorous but hilarious and entertaining. Garrett LeDonne Vice President of Development at The Woda Group, Inc. September 24, 2014, Garrett worked with Sean in the same group Garrett has the best communication skills I have ever encountered in my career. Whether he is speaking to a client, discussing a deadline with his manager, or demonstrating an algorithm to a group of colleagues, he is always composed and professional. Along with his communication skills, he is equally as rigorous and steadfast with his analytics. As one of the hardest working analysts I've worked with, he has more than once proven his knowledge and expertise by solving executive level questions in the hospitality industry. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Sean has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Spanish Sean has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Golf Ranger Mobile App(Android) Sean has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Legal Service Awareness of the Latino Population in Southern Nevada 2012 Interests Caesars Entertainment Corporation 53,218 followers J.T. O'DonnellJ.T. O&#39;Donnell is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO - WorkItDaily.com | HR | Recruiting | Employment | Speaker | Trainer | Career Coach | Job Search 1,808,015 followers Nevada ENERGY STAR Partners - GREEN ALLIANCE 273 members Dunder Mifflin 2,351 followers University of Nevada-Las Vegas 100,841 followers University of Nevada-Las Vegas 97,120 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rhonda has a account Rhonda Phillips Senior Data Scientist at True Fit Corporation True Fit Corporation Virginia Tech Greater Boston Area 438 438 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Strive to understand and represent large, noisy, and messy data to build knowledge and make predictions using tools including probability theory, statistics, machine learning, computer vision, remote sensing, data fusion, high performance computing, compression, signal processing, and numerical analysis. Communicate new discoveries through publications and presentations. Realize large scale technical vision through team building and collaboration. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name True Fit Corporation Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Program Manager and Data Scientist Company Name Microsoft - Azure Machine Learning Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Technical Staff Company Name MIT Lincoln Laboratory Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Education Virginia Tech Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Upsilon Pi Epsilon Mansfield University of Pennsylvania Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Computer Science and Math Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 University of Pennsylvania Volunteer Experience Board Member Company Name Cambridge Women's Center Dates volunteered Jan 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 5 yrs 5 mos Cause Civil Rights and Social Action Featured Skills & Endorsements Signal Processing See 15 endorsements for Signal Processing 15 Signal Processing Endorsed by Kenneth Senne and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rhonda’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills High Performance Computing See 13 endorsements for High Performance Computing 13 High Performance Computing Endorsed by 2 of Rhonda’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 11 endorsements for Machine Learning 11 Machine Learning Endorsed by Hossein Mobahi and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rhonda’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Virginia Tech Alumni Group -- OFFICIAL ALUMNI ASSOCIATION COMMUNITY 38,859 members University of Pennsylvania 222,498 followers True Fit Corporation 1,236 followers Mansfield University of Pennsylvania 11,538 followers Virginia Tech 199,499 followers LinkedIn 2,127,896 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Salem Data Scientist at Facebook Facebook California Institute of Technology San Francisco Bay Area 299 299 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data scientist / manager with experience at data mining, task automation, data visualization, statistical analysis, and product / analytics team leadership. Previously an accomplished theoretical physicist. Highlights Experience Data Scientist / Manager Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Delivering product insights and guiding team strategy in support of:* Data & Targeting (helping advertisers choose audiences for their ads), as individual contributor from Jul 2013 thru Jan 2015,* Friend Sharing (helping people share content with their friends), as data scientist manager from Feb 2015 thru Dec 2015), and* Protect and Care (helping keep people safe on Facebook), as data scientist manager from Jan 2016 thru the present. Postdoctoral Scholar Company Name Stanford University Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Research in theoretical physics and early-universe cosmology focused on eternal inflation: the measure problem, bubble collisions, and landscape predictions for cosmological parameters. Postdoctoral Research Associate Company Name Tufts University Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Research in theoretical physics and early-universe cosmology focused on eternal inflation: the measure problem, bubble collisions, and landscape predictions for cosmological parameters. Education California Institute of Technology Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2007 Case Western Reserve University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Physics Grade 3.98 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 3 endorsements for Data Analysis 3 Data Analysis Endorsed by Oleg Kogan, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills People Management See 2 endorsements for People Management 2 People Management Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Facebook Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 1 endorsement for SQL 1 SQL Ashpreet Bedi has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Andy Drake Principal Data Scientist at Microsoft March 12, 2016, Michael managed Andy directly I worked with Andy as he provided analytics to support product development in the area of friend-to-friend sharing on Facebook. Andy was strong leadership skills: he instinctively elevates his thinking to the level of product vision and strategy, he questions the status quo with constructive alternatives, and he brings organization to the people around him to help cross-functional partners work effectively with him and each other. He also has strong empathy for the consumer, which helps direct his analytical work. He brought these skills together to drive multiple critical enhancements of the Collage photo-sharing product, as well as to help us understand several dimensions of the sharing ecosystem on Facebook. Nicole Grand Owner of Empowered Body Pilates LLC Los Altos, CA November 12, 2014, Michael was a client of Nicole’s Before beginning lessons with Nicole, I had very poor flexibility, unbalanced muscular development, and no Pilates experience. Nicole developed a program tailored to my specific needs. She was detailed and thoughtful with her explanations and enthusiastic and inventive with her answers to my questions. Her knowledge of Pilates is informed by an understanding of anatomy and kinesiology, and her passion for all of these really shows in her work. In the end I significantly improved my flexibility and core strength, which also translated into lower stress and heightened consciousness of my body. Accomplishments Michael has 20 publications 20 Expand publications section Publications Multiverse rate equation including bubble collisions Gravity waves from cosmic bubble collisions The CMB and the measure of the multiverse Bubble collisions and measures of the multiverse Phenomenology of the CAH+ measure A Signature of anisotropic bubble collisions Boltzmann brains and the scale-factor cutoff measure of the multiverse Observable effects of anisotropic bubble nucleation The distribution of Omega_k from the scale-factor cutoff measure Negative vacuum energy densities and the causal diamond measure Michael has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 2007 Associated Students of Caltech Teaching Award Dayton C Miller Prize Leslie L. Foldy Award B.S. Chandrasekhar Prize Michael has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Pulse 1,535,239 followers Caltech 42,823 followers Case Western Reserve University 63,575 followers Case Western Reserve University 66,394 followers Facebook 1,533,787 followers Caltech 51,250 followers
More Actions Mo has a account Mo Medwani (Data Scientist) Senior Service Delivery Analyst (Data Analyst III) University of Maryland University College University of Maryland University College Greater Atlanta Area 209 209 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Self-motivated and able to effectively lead or participate as part of a team and with people from various disciplines with varying degrees of technical and business experience. Strong management skills as it relates to incident management, problem management (ITIL Certified). Extensive experience in production support, data analyst, senior level communication, user experience, and management of change activities. Excellent comprehension, presentation, and verbal/written communication skills. Experienced ranges across all levels of management, regions, and functions. Extremely well organized, detail-oriented and able to multitask effectively. Skilled in building productive and mutually beneficial relationships with cross-functional teams. Flexible and have the ability to adapt quickly to changing business needs or compliance requirements. Ability to proactively identify and resolve potential issues as a result of a rapidly changing business environment.Specialties: Application Support, Service Delivery, and Data AnalyticsRecent Education/Certifications:- ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT Service- Master in Data Analytics- Udacity Data Analyst Nanodegree - BCS Professional Certificate in Data Analysis - Data Science & Big Data Analytics EMC - Certified Analytics Professional – CAP See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Mo’s Activity 209 followers Free ONLINE presentation on Data Science and Data Analytics If you are interested in learning Data Science and Data Analytics from scratch Please join our meetup page at https://lnkd.in/emzCH4A 2 hours free ONLINE presentation will be conducted online this coming Saturday, May 6th from 4:00 PM to 6:00 PM • Data scientist as the sexiest career of the 21st century - Harvard Business Review • Statistical Analysis & Data Mining were the hottest skills that got recruiters’ attention in 2014 - LinkedIn • Data scientist has been ranked as the #1 job to pursue in 2016 Glassdoor • According to McKinsey, the US alone faces a shortage of 150,000+ data analysts and additional 1.5 million data- savvy managers. • Salary trends have followed the impact of data science. With a national average salary of $118,000 (which increases to $126,000 in Silicon Valley), data science has become a lucrative career path where you can solve hard problems and drive social impact Mo shared this See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name University of Maryland University College Dates Employed 2016 – 2016 Employment Duration less than a year Sr. Service Analyst (Data Analyst III) Company Name Worldpay Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Atlanta Area Data Analysis Accomplishment - Extracted, compiled and tracked data, and analyzed data to generate reports using Tableau and Excel - Worked with other team members to complete special projects and achieve project deadlines.- Developed optimized data collection and qualifying procedures.- Leveraged analytical tools to develop efficient system operations.- Write and run programs for data analysis (frequencies) and data cleaning utilizing SAS Enterprise Miner- Interpreted operational requirements for inclusion in studies and analyses. - Developed quality control reports that document the consistent representation of data collected - Utilize SQL to import and managed and conducted the descriptive analysis. - Provided and conducted analytic efforts to support business operations- Identified, researched and resolved discrepancies in an analytical procedure. Incident Management - Responsible for the effective implementation of the process "Service Desk and Incident Management" .- Represent the first stage of escalation for Incidents.- Undertaking research for the root-causes of Incidents.Problem Management - Reviewed solution options and/or temporary solution- Approved analysis results and reviewing problem validation- Reviewed solution propagation activities- Communicated progress of problems to relevant parties- Consulted for incident solution identification- Stayed informed of activities to restore to normal operations- Reviewed all "on-hold" problems and known errorsChange Management - Viewed of all the change request (RFC's) and approve the same.- Review priorities of the change request.- Table the entire requests for CAB meeting.- Issued of agenda and circulating to all CAB members in advance of the meeting.- Convenes urgent CAB or ECAB meetings for all urgent RFCs- Issued change schedules and Chairing of CAB & ECAB meetings- Reviewed all implemented changes outstanding RFCs Sr. Application Support ( System Analyst III) Company Name Worldpay Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Atlanta Area - Maintain functionality, troubleshoot, and deploy upgrades to all applications used in the building and in the field. - Creating and altering SQL scripts in order to provide system and software application support.- Resetting and monitoring servers during slowdowns, outages, and software deploy.- Providing and assisting in facilitating communications of application and database implementation requirements and recommendations between all team members. ChangePoint Developer Company Name Worldpay Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area - Developed system administration configurations for a large enterprise workflow software system (ChangePoint). - Worked closely with key stakeholders (process managers, owners, requesters) and process engineering to understand business requirements.- Worked closely with IT service delivery management, project management, development, QA, and other stakeholders to determine and define technical / functional/ configuration requirements - Implemented requirements in the system configuration. Created workflows and forms for Project, change, support, access and project intake. Added Applications list, initiatives, clients, users, functions, roles, workgroups,- Helped creating and providing management reporting for different business needs using ChangePoint Report Designer- Maintaining and supporting ChangePoint ( Act as Focal point/ Subject Matter Expert for all ChangePoint related issues) - Providing advisory support and desk side support to ChangePoint to 1,500+ employees- Providing ChangePoint knowledge and architect solutions leveraging the capabilities of the tools to meet business needs.- Staying abreast of industry and company developments and trends, including portfolio and project management capabilities and evolving IT portfolio management initiatives and solutions. Service Delivery Manager Company Name Hewlett-Packard Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Experienced in supervising staff and processes for maximum efficiency and effectiveness; reorganizing and refining operations to improve productivity; consistently exceeding business goals and revenue targets. Exceptional service delivery in instructor-led environments and highly effective problem-solving abilities. Management and business accomplishments: - Managed various ITIL processes for Sales & Marketing applications such as: Incident Management, Problem Management, Escalation Management, Change Management, Knowledge Management - Managed the Decommission of retiring applications, Database health checks, Backups and Archives for more than 140 applications. - Generated and created business reports on daily basis using Excel and PowerPoint, and analyzed Time-To-Own (TTO) and Time-To-Fix metrics for all GBI applications to improve IT support response for application users- Monitored daily applications DTS packages, ETL process/ model and multiple processes/threads using the TIDAL scheduler. - Processed Documentations, updated Knowledge capture document, identified process gaps or areas for improvement, recommended and implementing solutions and trained new employees Technology expertise accomplishment: - Analyze issues, create/monitor tickets, and resolve them within SLA.- Respond to downstream systems users' queries in a timely fashion and monitor the infrastructure-related scheduled downtimes (e.g. Load delays or server downtime.), and send notifications (E-Cats) to the relevant team that will be affected. Also, negotiate with the responsible teams to reschedule the downtimes, if they are going to affect a critical business operation. See more positions Education University of Maryland University College Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2016 Southern Polytechnic State University Degree Name Masters of Information Technology (MS Field Of Study IT Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 Southern Polytechnic State University Degree Name Masters of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements IT Service Management See 4 endorsements for IT Service Management 4 IT Service Management Venkat Jyothi Swaroop CIR CRA and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 3 endorsements for Project Management 3 Project Management Ed Mendoza and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 2 endorsements for Analysis 2 Analysis Venkat Jyothi Swaroop CIR CRA and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mo has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Analytics Professional (CAP) Data Analyst Nanodegree DATA SCIENCE ASSOCIATE ITIL - Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management Mo has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Interests The Intersect Group 15,361 followers Change Consulting | Digital | Disruptive | Data | Strategy | Transformation | Jobs | #1 in CHANGE 110,492 members Worldpay 59,157 followers DHL eCommerce Showcase Page 13,729 followers Ventiv Technology 3,154 followers Wipro Consulting 66,646 followers See all See all following
More Actions Suchismita has a account Suchismita Nandi Director, Data Science at VF Corporation VF Corporation North Carolina State University Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area 159 159 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Won Datamining Shootout competition (held in US &amp; Canada) in 2009- 3 Masters (Advanced Analytics, Computer Science and Physics) - Demand forecasting of flights to facilitate operations planning in long term and short term- Analyzed market segments of beer consumers based on the survey data using SPSS.- Performed customer segmentation based on purchase behavior using SAS EMiner 5.2.- Forecasted Spatial distribution of global cotton production using ESRI GIS tools and SAS TSFS tools.- Analysed 2009 US presidential campaign from New york times news articles using SAS text mining tools.- Performed Risk Profiling of business and pricing their products using Crystalball.- Developed Service Order Application in Telecom - Integerated Telecom Billing (Amdocs) with Siebel CRM- Built Datawarehouse for banking. - Certified PMP - Certified Advanced SAS programmer- Certified Predictive Modeler using SAS EMiner 5.2- Six Sigma Black Belt Trained- Handled cross cultural teams- Owned business- certified C3 communicator- proficient in predictive modeling and data miningDetecting fraudulent actions ahead of time in any industry without raising any significant false alarm is my goal in near future.Specialties: Database Design, Statistical Modeling, Fraud Detection, Forecasting, Team mentoring, collaboration and parallel thinking. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Data Science Company Name VF Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Greensboro, North Carolina Sr. Data Scientist Company Name SAS Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Fraud Analyst Company Name SAS Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Responsible for designing and developing fraud detection system for various industries. Business Analyst Company Name NetJets Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 3 mos Responsible for analysing operational data to support business decision making Sr. Consultant Company Name TelecomAsia, Bangkok Dates Employed Feb 2002 – Mar 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Led the design and development of the interface to bridge existing CRM(SIEBEL) and new Billing system(AMDOCS). See more positions Education North Carolina State University Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Advanced Analytics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2009 Time Series ForecastingARIMA, BOX-JENKINSGeospatial Data Analytics (ARCGIS suite SASBridge)Data mining Applications - Market Basket Analysis, Decision tree, Factor Analysis, Clustering, Neural NetworkSurvival AnalysisMarket Science and Customer AnalyticsConjoint Analysis, Segmentation, Consumer SatisfactionLogistic RegressionSimple, Multiple, Nominal, Conditional, GEE, Exact, Discrete ChoiceFinancial AnalyticsCredit Scoring, Security Market, Returns Forecasting, Fixed Income Securities, Asset PricingRisk AnalyticsSimulation Models, Scenarios AnalysisSix SigmaBlack Belt Trained (in progress)OptimizationGreedy Heuristics, Branching StrategiesData Visualisation Indian Statistical Institute Degree Name Master of Technology Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Database Management, Computer Architecture, Software Engineering, Programming using C/C++, VAX Assembly language construction, Automata Theory, Compilers, Optimization, Operating System... Hold second rank. University of Calcutta Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1990 Activities and Societies: Optics, Magnetism, Mechanics, Thermodynamics, Solid Sate Physics, Quantum Mechanics, Plasma Physics, Nuclear Physics, Electronics... Hold second rank in the university Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 20 endorsements for Analytics 20 Analytics Mukesh Chopra and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 18 endorsements for Data Mining 18 Data Mining Mukesh Chopra and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 15 endorsements for SAS 15 SAS Mukesh Chopra and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (11) Given (4) Julie Malida Independent Healthcare Advisor April 18, 2013, Julie worked with Suchismita in different groups Suchi is a quick study and can take any scheme, idea, or theme, and run with it, and do brilliant things with the data to support a theory.She was not a fraud expert before her time at SAS, but has learned a tremendous amount on the health care fraud project we just completed. I'd be proud to have her work again with me on other health care fraud analytic engagements. Sudipta Dasmohapatra Associate Professor at North Carolina State University April 14, 2009, Sudipta was Suchismita’s teacher Suchismita was a student in my Marketing Analytics course. I have also had the opportunity to observe her in a team project. Suchismita is an extremely dedicated person and is very creative in her work. Her native intelligence for analytical work is among the best I have seen. She is both a team player and a true professional. I can confidently recommend Suchismita for any analytical level positions. If I may provide you with any further information in your consideration of Suchismita, please feel free to contact me through my linked-in profile. View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Christine Valbuena Business Intelligence Analyst at Iron Mountain July 25, 2010, Christine worked with Suchismita in the same group Christine is hard working. She is sincere in performing every task assigned despite the fact that she is a busy mother. She is extremely fast to pick up new skills. She loves to explore new ideas. It is wonderful to have Christine in the team. Jie He Statistical Analyst and SAS Programmer April 8, 2009, Suchismita and Jie were students together I have worked with Joe on many occasions. He has sharp analytical mind. Joe is diligent and able to handle tasks independently. He is friendly and enjoyable to work with. He is one of the quick learners in the class. He is excellent in team work. I highly recommend Joe. He can be a great asset to any organization. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Suchismita has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Fraud Detection in Healthcare Claims Fraud Detection in Insurance Claims (multiple projects) Fraud Detection in Banking Suchismita has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Advanced SAS Certification Interests North Carolina State University 198,814 followers Indian Statistical Institute 7,364 followers University of Calcutta 94,881 followers University of Calcutta 96,726 followers SAS 376,797 followers Indian Statistical Institute 7,186 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Foley Senior Director, Data Science at Pure Storage Pure Storage Northwestern University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Over 20 years of marketing experience with a depth of knowledge in predictive analytics, promotions, advertising, direct/database marketing, strategic planning and marketing research. Hands-on approach coupled with significant management experience.Experience in managing marketing operations, executing demand generation and marketing campaigns to create sales leads and pipeline, in addition to developing marketing data strategy and strategic marketing plans in start-ups through mid-market media and global corporations.Specialty: marketing analytics and data management, technology and media marketing, planning and operations.Specialties: Data Science: Certified Base SAS programmer. Competent in Tableau, R, LaTeX, knitr, PostgreSQL, Hive, Mahout, WEKA, Orange, E.Piphany, Business Objects, SPSS, SAS JMP and SAS Enterprise Guide. CRM and Demand Gen. Database design and implementation.Recent technical certifications: SAS Programming I & II (SAS Institute); SAS Enterprise Guide: ANOVA, Regression, and Logistic Regression (SAS Institute); Creating & Exploiting OLAP (SAS Institute); Greenplum Data Science certification, Advanced Business Objects (Cisco University); SQL: Advanced Querying (Cisco University); Statistics & Modeling for the Direct Marketer (DMA). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Michael’s Activity 1,075 followers To My Son on Mother's Day Michael liked Energy-free display, IonTouch Technology, HP Labs, Palo Alto Michael liked See all activity Experience Sr. Director, Data Science Company Name Pure Storage Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location 605 Castro Street, Mountain View CA Responsible for creating a data science practice that will enable marketers to use machine learning and Pure Storage's big data technology for targeting precision, segmentation to enable relevant Marcom, media mix analysis and pipeline optimization, in addition to forecasting and statistical modeling for Finance and Sales.Additional responsibilities include marketing data management, data quality and company-wide MDM team leadership. Senior Director, Data Science Company Name Dell Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Silicon Valley EBC, Santa Clara, California Responsible for Dell Marketing's data science practice, including the marketing science lab, which showcases the use of Dell technology for marketing analytics for customers in the Dell EMC Silicon Valley EBC. Data scientists provide targeting, segmentation, and media mix optimization in support of Dell marketing campaigns. Senior Director, Data Science Company Name EMC Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Santa Clara, California Responsible for marketing analytics, data strategy and data quality.The Marketing Science Lab consists of a team of marketing data scientists working on a unified analytics platform consisting of an EMC/Greenplum analytics data computing appliance and other EMC products that support both structured and unstructured data. As part of the EMC Silicon Valley EBC (Executive Briefing Center) responsible for meeting with customers to showcase Marketing Science Lab analysis demonstrating the capabilities of EMC products; leveraging SAS, MADLib , Tableau, Greenplum Omniture and open-source tools such as PostgreSQL and R.Responsible for designing an analytics collaboration layer that empowers the data science team to access and analyze to develop targeted lists and segmentation schemes for marketing execution.Lead data strategy and quality initiatives to support cutting-edge infrastructure and analytical tools for predicting customer behavior. Media (2) This position has 2 media EMC Plunges Into Data - And All The Potential That Lies Within It EMC Plunges Into Data - And All The Potential That Lies Within It This media is a link Marketing Analytics Lab - Grand Opening Marketing Analytics Lab - Grand Opening This media is a video Planning & Operations Lead, Americas Field Marketing Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location San Jose, California Responsible for field marketing planning, budget management and advanced data and analytics. Direct report to Vice President, Americas Theater Marketing. Recipient 2011 Cisco Global Marketing Leadership Excellence Award.Financial Planning & Budget Management: quantitative planning, forecasting and day-to-day management of the funding portfolio +/- 1% to optimize marketing resources and marketing mix.Operational Excellence: develop and apply processes to support field marketing execution. Lead for marketing planning, data quality, linkage to sales and central marketing organization.Reporting: develop rigorous marketing performance measurement of field marketing value through metrics and diagnostic tools.Applied Data & Analysis: consistent thought leadership and execution of best-practice processes to create Opportunity velocity and volume. Responsible for theater marketing data strategy and database marketing execution. Publish weekly article on operational Best Practices. Received Cisco 2009 Transformation Award for application of data and analysis to marketing. Sr. Mgr. Database Marketing Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location San Jose, California Responsible for North America field marketing data and analytics support.• Team Building & Advanced Analytics Training: Hired and trained six highly experienced analysts/statisticians. Have weekly analytical/data training sessions. • Operational Reporting: Designed Marketing Dashboard for automated marketing effectiveness reporting.• Data Strategy: Created ongoing data quality team. Lead cross-functional teams to implement contact acquisition strategy. Dimensions include datamining/discovery phase, data quality gap analysis, customer/prospect segmentation, contact acquisition, and relationship marketing. Programs target high-potential prospects in order to: increase contact penetration, build customer profiles and generate opt-in leading to increasing sales opportunity.• Analysis: Responsible for supporting US Sales and Marketing using market analysis, product analysis, customer/contact segmentation, and targeting models for program execution.• Communication and Marketing Training: Publish weekly article for US Sales and Marketing Organization related to marketing data and analytics. Created Data & Analytics Workshop for training marketers globally. • Collaboration: Represent US Sales and Marketing Organization on data quality, business intelligence, marketing and CRM cross-functional teams. See more positions Education Northwestern University Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Predictive Analytics Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2016 Media (1) This position has 1 media Master of Science in Predictive Analytics, Graduate Programs at Northwestern University School of Continuing Studies Master of Science in Predictive Analytics, Graduate Programs at Northwestern University School of Continuing Studies This media is a link University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1990 Media (1) This position has 1 media Haas School of Business, University of California Berkeley Haas School of Business, University of California Berkeley This media is a link University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study English Grade 3.9 Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1983 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa, Dean's List, Honors Media (1) This position has 1 media UC Berkeley English UC Berkeley English This media is a link Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 86 endorsements for Analytics 86 Analytics Endorsed by Theresa Kushner and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Michael’s colleagues at Dell Click and drag to reorder skills Lead Generation See 40 endorsements for Lead Generation 40 Lead Generation Endorsed by Todd Forsythe and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at Dell Click and drag to reorder skills Database Marketing See 38 endorsements for Database Marketing 38 Database Marketing Endorsed by Jerry Bernhart (Marketing) and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Dell EMC Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (9) Given (4) Theresa Kushner Data-vangelist and Information Innovator May 16, 2011, Theresa was senior to Michael but didn’t manage directly Mike Foley is an expert in database marketing and all that entails. As Malcolm Gladwell says, it takes 10,000 hours to be an expert. Undoubtedly, Mike has 10 times that many hours managing databases, data and analysts. He has an incredible expertise in bringing the science of data to the art of marketing and making them work seamlessly together to generate revenue.Mike, who manages within the US Theater, was always a partner with the WW Customer Intelligence team lending his expertise and constantly challenging us to better in our approach to analytics. Mike brought his background from data management and analytics to help us improve our models, create new ones and to generally act as an advisor to our analytics team.Mike has the skill and expertise that it takes to be an integral part of any analytics management team. Gil Ben-Dov CEO at Total Phase May 26, 2011, Michael worked with Gil in the same group My team and I worked with Mike for over 2 years as the IT support to the central marketing data team. Together we accomplished many complicated projects such as the development of an integrated global marketing repository, integration of a call center into the platform and development of advanced lead scoring and management solutions.Mike is one of the smartest marketers I have ever met, with an incredible ability to blend the conceptual and practical aspects of marketing and data into useful models that can be commercially applied and executed. Over the many complex projects we worked on together Mike could always be counted on to bring a thoughtful comprehensive and practical approach to each situation, and actively participate in helping craft and implement the solution.I would be ecstatic to have an opportunity to work with Mike again. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Samreen Shaikh Business Intelligence Engineer at Facebook March 18, 2016, Michael managed Samreen directly I knew Samreen for some time before she joined us in the Marketing Science Lab, because she had a very good reputation as Data Intelligence Engineer at EMC. Her computer science skills, as well as ability to visualize data were particularly impressive, and so we asked her to join our team of data scientists.Samreen has such strong technical, analytical, communication/collaboration and business skills that she can contribute in a significant way to the success of any project. Jerry Nichols Global Head of Performance Management | Executive Board Member at Marketing EDGE February 6, 2013, Michael managed Jerry directly I knew about Jerry for many years before I actually worked with him. I was in Cisco marketing and he had been making an enormous impact in Sales as their top data scientist. So, I followed his work closely and leveraged it when I could for Corporate Marketing – and finally convinced him to come over and work with me to build up and manage an Advanced Analytics team. After he joined us, it wasn’t long before we created a SAS analytical datamart and began producing high impact, data-driven marketing in support of global marketing campaigns that generated pipeline for Sales. I think Jerry is one of the most highly skilled, collaborative and results-oriented quantitative marketer that I know. He has the ability to create and implement programs with global breadth using a broad portfolio of analytical approaches. I would recommend him in virtually any scenario and work with him again without hesitation! View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Michael has 21 courses 21 Expand courses section Courses Accounting Advanced Modeling Techniques Calculus Channel Marketing Data Science & Machine Learning Database Systems: Design & Implementation Econometrics and Forecasting Economics Finance Generalized Linear Models Michael has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Advanced Business Objects Base SAS Programming I & II Creating & Exploiting OLAP SAS Enterprise Guide: ANOVA, Regression, and Logistic Regression Statistics & Modeling for the Direct Marketer Interests IBM 3,427,669 followers Dell EMC 734,189 followers DMAnc - The Direct Marketing Association of Northern California 986 members Pulse 1,535,238 followers Technology 20,769,655 followers SAP 955,971 followers See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Freeman, Ph.D. Lead Data Engineer at JustGiving JustGiving The University of Manchester London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Richard is a highly accomplished results-driven hands-on certified AWS Solutions Architect, Data Engineer and Data Scientist with proven success in delivering cloud-based big data analytics, unstructured data, high-volume, and scalable solutions. At Capgemini, he worked on large and complex projects for Fortune Global 500 companies and has experience in extremely diverse, challenging and multi-cultural business environments. Richard has a solid background in computer science and holds a Master of Engineering (MEng) in computer systems engineering and Doctorate (PhD) in machine learning, artificial intelligence and natural language processing. He has worked in charity, insurance, retail banking, recruitment, financial services, financial regulators, central government and e-commerce sectors, where he:• Provided design, architecture and technical consulting on client site for complex event processing, business intelligence, enterprise content management, and business process management solutions.• Delivered in-house production cloud-based big data solutions for large scale unstructured data, search, streaming, graph, recommendation and text analytics systems.• Worked closely with IBM and AWS and presented at industry events and summits• Published articles in numerous journals, presented at conferences and acted as peer-reviewer See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Richard’s Articles & Activity 684 followers BEEVA Meetup. Serverless Data Pipelines, API, Messaging and Stream Process. Richard Freeman, Ph.D. on LinkedIn See 2 more articles BEEVA Meetup. Serverless Data Pipelines, API, Messaging and Stream Process. Richard liked See all activity Experience Lead Data Engineer Company Name JustGiving Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Richard currently leads the delivery and data engineering of our in-house AWS-based data science and analytics RAVEN platform supporting data from the 27 million users at JustGiving. It supports complex ETL data pipelines, ad-hoc data science queries, scheduled metrics calculations, machine learning pipelines, streaming analytics, graph processing, external business friendly dashboards and data visualisations.He is also working on the production deployment of Redshift, Apache Spark and Python solutions, that feeds the website and mobile apps, with a personalised experience based on user network connections, automated charity tagging, and past user engagement. Senior Data Scientist Company Name JustGiving Dates Employed 2013 – 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location London, United Kingdom In 2013, he led the delivery of one of the first production data science API and Apache Hadoop machine learning pipelines on Azure and more recently on AWS. He also worked on the graph analytics, machine learning and natural language processing algorithms. For some of the NLP projects he collaborated with the University of Sheffield. BI Architect and Lead Designer Company Name Michael Page Dates Employed 2010 – 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Richard worked as an Analytics Designer and BI Architect in a global transformation programme across 34 countries: • Lead and designed the technical solutions for search, multi-channel communication, business intelligence, text analytics, job board integration, and advertising solutions. • Managed developers, vendors, and offshore system integrators.• Mentored developers and vendors in adopting Agile and best practices development. Solution Architect Company Name Capgemini Dates Employed 2004 – 2010 Employment Duration 6 yrs Richard was a Solution Architect in the Business Intelligence & Information Management and later in the Financial Services Groups in Capgemini. Richard helped deliver large scale projects for Fortune Global 500 companies in insurance, retail banking, & financial services as well as a financial regulator and central government. • Vast experience in leading and collaborating in client projects with client, onshore and offshore resources• Performed numerous quick delivery and rapid prototyping roles for clients: including leading Proof of Concepts, evaluating new technologies, pre-sales and performing package selection.• Demonstrated excellent communication and client facing skills, e.g. leading on/offshore development teams on client sites, presenting work at IBM industry events, and working closely with different software vendors.• Provided design, architecture and technical consulting on client site• Rapidly promoted from a developer, to designer and then to a solutions architect. Ph.D. in Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing Company Name University of Manchester Dates Employed 2000 – 2004 Employment Duration 4 yrs • Proposed, presented and demonstrated own research at international conferences • Published articles in leading artificial intelligence journals and conferences• Designed and implemented a system that included non-linear algebra, web crawler, parser, indexer, search engine, compression algorithm, machine learning, natural language processing, data mining, clustering, classification and visualisation modules. See more positions Education The University of Manchester Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 The University of Manchester Degree Name M.Eng. Field Of Study Computer Systems Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Solution Architecture See 16 endorsements for Solution Architecture 16 Solution Architecture Endorsed by Peeyush Aggarwal, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Richard’s colleagues at Michael Page Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 17 endorsements for Big Data 17 Big Data Endorsed by Tim Seears and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Richard’s colleagues at Michael Page Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 9 endorsements for Analytics 9 Analytics Endorsed by Niall Wharton, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Richard’s colleagues at Michael Page Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (10) Given (7) Kevin Martin Business Systems Analyst at Transport for London July 16, 2013, Richard worked with Kevin in the same group I had the pleasure of working with, and learning from Richard for two years whilst at Michael Page International. Our multi-channel communication and advertising projects required us to identify the most suitable target recipients, and to create a scalable solution which would be deployed across the 34 countries in which MPI operates. Richard developed a number of proofs of concepts to test ways by which we could quickly achieve our aims and better understand the data. He also made use of his language skills in French and Spanish to help break down some of the barriers we encountered when dealing with our international colleagues. Richard’s willingness to explain his new ideas and demonstrate them was a real benefit to the project. Kosta Puroski System Architect June 22, 2013, Kosta worked with Richard in different groups Richard is a person with whom I have enjoyed working with and who with his native French was able to explain to me complex systems and keep me up to data with the latest developments. I specifically admired his specialized technological skills and working knowledge of data handling, data optimizing and analysis. He is always ready to ask relevant questions and eager to implement and test new products or algorithms that have potential to add most value to the business. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Niall Wharton Principal Consultant - Data Science & Big Data Engineering Recruitment @ Xcede September 12, 2013, Richard worked with Niall but at different companies Niall did a great job understanding my skill set and job requirements, and keeping me updated. He is one of the better recruitment consultants I have dealt with, and has an in depth understanding of the job market. Highly recommended. Tomas Jasaitis Data Scientist at JustGiving June 26, 2013, Richard was senior to Tomas but didn’t manage directly I collaborated closely with Tomas on several marketing and BI projects as part of a transformation programme, where I found him always highly motivated and fun to work with. He is a fast learner and has excellent BI, DW, ETL, Reporting, and Database technical skills supported by strong interpersonal skills. He has excellent hands-on skills at data exploration and ad-hoc reporting, and a good understanding of how results should be presented back to the business, including at Director and CxO levels. I really enjoyed working with him and highly recommend him. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Richard has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Spanish Richard has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate Interests Smartlogic 711 followers Big Data | Analytics | Strategy | Finance | Innovation 229,965 members Datameer 21,417 followers AIIM Global Community of Information Professionals 35,239 members DataKind UK 188 followers Data Scientists 49,118 members See all See all following
More Actions Dan has a account Dan Getman Geospatial Big Data Solutions Team Lead at DigitalGlobe DigitalGlobe Purdue University Greater Denver Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Dan’s Activity 554 followers The ultimate Star Wars ride, right here in Canberra Dan liked See all activity Experience Geospatial Big Data Solutions Team Lead Company Name DigitalGlobe Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater Denver Area I currently lead the Geospatial Big Data Solutions team at Digital Globe. Our team is focused on developing solutions that combine spatiotemporal analysis, data science, and cloud computing methodologies to help clients across a wide range of analysis domains derive information and insights from high-resolution satellite imagery at scale. Geospatial Data Science Team Lead Company Name National Renewable Energy Laboratory Dates Employed 2010 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Boulder, CO I lead the Geospatial Data Science team at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory. This diverse team specializes in advanced spatial analysis using open source tools, spatial statistical analysis, renewable energy resource data creation and modeling, multivariate data visualization (web based), and analysis of large spatiotemporal data using high performance computing.Personal focus areas include: Team Leadership: Overall strategic direction of the team, workload management, staff acquisition, personnel management, coordination of cross laboratory efforts, and representing and promoting our work to the larger laboratory and to DOE.Project Management: Writing successful proposals, development and management of client relationships, and end-to-end project management. Spatial Statistical Analysis: Development of anomaly detection methods for large (multiple TB) spatiotemporal datasets and the development of validation methodologies for the comparison of large modeled datasets to physical measurements. Spatiotemporal Data Visualization: Project and development lead for spatiotemporal visualization projects. - Interactive Spatiotemporal Visualization Examples: http://youtu.be/J7y51c-dldohttp://youtu.be/3TjW15kz51A- Wind Vision Studyhttp://en.openei.org/apps/wv_viewer/- Renewable Electricity Futures Study: http://www.nrel.gov/analysis/re_futures/data_viewer/ Lecturer - Environmental Modeling with Geographic Information Systems Company Name University of Colorado Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Denver, CO Lecturer for a upper division/graduate level class in geospatial modeling focused on raster data analysis methods. Spatial Systems Architect Company Name Oak Ridge National Laboratory Dates Employed 2005 – 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Oak Ridge, TN While at ORNL, I served as the Spatial Application Development Team Lead. Projects included:Bioenergy Knowledge Discovery Framework: https://www.bioenergykdf.net/biokdf/mapSensorNet (http://computing.ornl.gov/cse_home/sensornet.pdf)Southern Regional Radiation Pilot Project for the SeaHawk Task Force at the port of Charleston SC Sensor Network Area Protection System for the Joint Task Force, National Capitol Region (JTF-NCR). GIS Application Developer Company Name Zekiah Technologies Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Designed and developed a web-based near real time tracking prototype to demonstrate the limits of near real time tracking within the web browser interface, a web-based GIS for the purpose of collecting, managing and accessing aerial surveillance data as well as other documents associated with the surveillance area, anda web-based GIS interface used to serve live data describing the location and current status of Military and Civilian Vessels. See more positions Education Purdue University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Remote Sensing and GIS Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Texas State University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Geography/Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Team Leadership See 1 endorsement for Team Leadership 1 Team Leadership Dahl Winters has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Technical Project Leadership See 2 endorsements for Technical Project Leadership 2 Technical Project Leadership Dahl Winters and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 14 endorsements for Project Management 14 Project Management Endorsed by 7 of Dan’s colleagues at National Renewable Energy Laboratory Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (4) Edmon Begoli Chief Data Architect at Oak Ridge National Laboratory April 14, 2008, Dan worked with Edmon in the same group Dan is a great professional and one of the more responsible people I worked with. I was a PI (principal investigator) on a project on which Dan was in charge of GIS development. He was a backbone of the (technical) success of the project. Trish Harrison Talent Acquisition Enthusiast April 2, 2015, Dan worked with Trish in different groups As a team lead, I worked with Trish over the last twelve months on multiple challenging positions to recruit for. I have found her to be highly motivated, creative, a great communicator, and very easy to work with. Her ability to take the relevant information from a discussion about a position and turn that into a recruiting strategy is impressive. Also, Trish has a knack for understanding nuances in balancing multiple position requirements and picking the best candidates out of hundreds of applicants.Trish is a pleasure to work with and inspires a lot of trust in her handling of the hiring process and of the candidates. Paul Edwards Software Consultant at Self Employed March 30, 2015, Dan managed Paul directly I have worked with Paul for 10 years, at two national laboratories, and on projects ranging from a few thousand to several million dollars. Paul is highly skilled in software development, application architecture, database design, system operations, and client/project management. Many developers can work within several parts of the stack, but Paul excels at all levels. He is an excellent interface developer and an outstanding web services developer. In addition, Paul has developed skills in scientific data processing and spatiotemporal visualization that form a rare combination even at the national laboratories. The level of professionalism that Paul brings to projects and the work environment is something that I prize on my team. The icing on the cake is that he inspires that level of professionalism in others as well. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Energy Independence from Fossil Fuels Global Research and Consulting Network (SM) 418 members Pulse 1,535,238 followers National Institute of Standards and Technology 23,285 followers Pivotal: Data Science Group 6,502 members Renewable Energy Markets Conference 648 members Sawatch Group 5 followers See all See all following
More Actions Costas has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Costas Boussios VP Data Science at OM1, Inc. OM1, Inc. Massachusetts Institute of Technology Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience VP Data Science Company Name OM1, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Cambridge, MA Chief Data Scientist Company Name Mitra Capital LLC Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Greater Boston Area Design and development of Machine Learning Architecture which allowed the efficient construction of data cohorts and training of 100's of predictive models. Predictive performance optimization of machine learning. Production deployment and maintenance of practically entire predictive modeling/machine learning workflow. Chief Scientific Advisor Company Name zakipoint Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Cambridge, MA --Designing machine learning and data modeling for projects--Designing data aggregation and mining strategy for zakipoint infrastructure--Coordinating and leading company's data scientists Vice President, Data Science Company Name Cignifi Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Cambridge, MA Responsible for R&D, efficacy and quality of Cignifi's analytical scoring products. Leading the data scientist team. Chief Data Scientist and Co-founder Company Name zakipoint Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Cambridge, MA --Designing machine learning and data modeling for projects--Developing data aggregation and mining strategy for zakipoint infrastructure--Managing junior data scientists See more positions Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Control Systems, Machine Learning Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1998 National Technical University of Athens Degree Name Professional Diploma Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1990 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Mining See 93 endorsements for Data Mining 93 Data Mining Endorsed by David Weisman, Ph.D. and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Costas’ colleagues at zakipoint Health Click and drag to reorder skills Analytics See 78 endorsements for Analytics 78 Analytics Endorsed by Badri Raghavan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Costas’ colleagues at zakipoint Health Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 53 endorsements for Machine Learning 53 Machine Learning Endorsed by Giorgos Zacharia and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Costas’ colleagues at zakipoint Health Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Rick Lee CEO at MeYou Health April 16, 2013, Rick was a client of Costas’ Costas leads the data team at Zakipoint. They were instrumental in teaching us the value of machine learning. Specifically, we received a superb analysis on defection with keen insights on how to predict who, in the future, might defect. They are savvy about health care, its outcomes and developing actionable information. Costas in particular, demonstrates great skill in coding for pattern recognition and in deducing inferences from large data sets. I highly recommend Costas and his top notch team of data scientists. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Ionidios Alumni Association 158 members Dynamics and Controls Engineers 2,875 members Data Matching 2,472 members zakipoint Health 601 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology 337,807 followers Big Data and Analytics 330,681 members See all See all following
More Actions Raghavan has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Raghavan Muthuregunathan Senior Software Engineer - Data Mining/Machine Learning at LinkedIn LinkedIn Columbia Engineering San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My goal is to become a full stack developer while working on cutting edge applications of Machine Learning.I have worked as a developer at Microsoft, Silicon Valley campus, on Bing Core relevance with concentration on Social, QnA Ranking & Mobile specific Ranking. Previously an intern in the same team and also had interned at foursquare.com 's Machine Learning team. Columbia CS alumnus.Specialties: Algorithms, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Learning to Rank See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Raghavan’s Activity 552 followers As a child, I was diagnosed with OCD and had a hard time managing school and my disorder. I ate lunch in the nurses office a lot of the time, I had breakdowns in bathrooms, and I got scolded by my teachers for the small rituals I often needed to do just to get through the school day. Entering high school, I never even imagined being able to survive college and even my school counselor advised me not to pursue a bachelors degree. I couldn't live with the idea that this disorder would define my life and education, so I began learning ways to manage it. Now, at 22, I am proud to say that I have graduated Magna Cum Laude and am pursuing my Masters this fall at RU 🎓 Raghavan liked See all activity Experience Senior Software Engineer - Data Mining/Data Analysis/Machine Learning Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Mountain View, CA Software Development Engineer / Applied Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed 2012 – 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs Intern - Software development in Bing Social Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Mountain View, California Area I was an Intern at the Bing Social Search Team of Microsoft at Mountain view , California. Graduate Research Assistant Company Name Natural Language Processing group, Columbia University Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 6 mos Develop software for research purposes. Run research experiments Teaching Assistant - Introduction to Cryptography Company Name Columbia University Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area During the Fall 2010, I was serving as TA for the course "Introduction to Cryptography" offered by Dr. Rosario Generro (visiting faculty from IBM TJ Watson) at Columbia University CS Department. See more positions Education Columbia Engineering Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Anna University - Madras Institute of Technology Degree Name B.Tech Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 was in Top 5% of the class Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 28 endorsements for Machine Learning 28 Machine Learning Endorsed by Anirudh Koul and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Raghavan’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 23 endorsements for Algorithms 23 Algorithms Endorsed by Kripa K S, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Raghavan’s colleagues at Columbia University in the City of New York Click and drag to reorder skills Natural Language Processing See 13 endorsements for Natural Language Processing 13 Natural Language Processing Endorsed by 3 of Raghavan’s colleagues at Columbia University in the City of New York Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Raghavan has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Algorithms for Massive Data and Streaming Analysis of Algorithms Computational Learning Theory Machine Learning Machine Translation Natural Language Processing Programming Languages and Translators Raghavan has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Efficient Retrieval of Fresh Internet Content Interests Richard A. MoranRichard A. Moran is a LinkedIn Influencer President, Menlo College 88,289 followers Apache Mahout 5,968 members Satya NadellaSatya Nadella is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Microsoft 1,143,758 followers Justin TrudeauJustin Trudeau is a LinkedIn Influencer Prime Minister of Canada | Premier ministre du Canada 267,669 followers Entrepreneurship 16,576,550 followers Law & Government 4,506,932 followers See all See all following
More Actions Randal has a account Randal Henne Partner Group Engineering Manager at Microsoft Microsoft University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Always looking for great engineers, great data scientists, and people who fall in between. Positions in Bellevue, WA and San Francisco, CAhttp://exp-platform.azurewebsites.net/http://www.exp-platform.com/I run the Engineering Group for ExP, the Microsoft Experimentation Platform. I also manage the Analysis and Experimentation engineering teams that build analysis tools to people better understand their data.Broad scientific and engineering career including software development engineer, computer scientist (algorithms, data mining, parallel systems), drug discovery, protein modeling and data mining. Also been a group leader of both scientific and engineering teams. I have helped start three small companies (employee # 4, 3, 3) and consulted for others. I have also worked for large organizations ( Dept. of Energy, NASA, Boeing, DuPont, Amazon.com, Microsoft).Specialties: Controlled Experiments, Machine Learning, Product Development, Software Development Management, Program Management, Software Development, E-Commerce, Biology, Chemistry See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Partner Group Engineering Manager Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Bellevue, WA I run the Engineering Group for ExP, the Microsoft Experimentation Platform. I also manage the Analysis and Experimentation engineering teams that build analysis tools to people better understand their data.Always looking for great engineers, great data scientists, and people who fall in between. http://exp-platform.azurewebsites.net/http://www.exp-platform.com/ Principal Data Scientist, Analysis and Experimentation Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Bellevue, WA Principal Development Manager, MSN Company Name Microsoft Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Principal Group Program Manager, BING Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Principal Group Program Manager, Experimentation Platform (ExP) Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed May 2006 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Molecular Bioengineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1999 University of Washington Degree Name MS Field Of Study Physical Chemisry Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Florida State University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1989 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Software Development See 72 endorsements for Software Development 72 Software Development Endorsed by Jeff Holden and 20 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 42 of Randal’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 43 endorsements for Algorithms 43 Algorithms Endorsed by Llew Mason and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 22 of Randal’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Software Engineering See 43 endorsements for Software Engineering 43 Software Engineering Endorsed by Jeff Holden and 20 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 42 of Randal’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (12) Cara Lake, Administrative Professional Solution Facilitator | Effective Communicator | Skilful Writer January 25, 2015, Randal was senior to Cara but didn’t manage directly Randy is a multi-talented professional who delivered exceptional results in the face of significant challenges within the Windows Live start-up organization. He established a high level of confidence and trust with customers and colleagues. Randy is one of the most technically skilled people with whom I have had the pleasure of working. His friendliness and genuine caring about people make Randy a valuable asset to any team. Ronny Kohavi Distinguished Engineer, General Manager, Analysis and Experimentation August 28, 2007, Ronny managed Randal directly Randy's knowledge experimentation/statistics/learning and developer background are a hard combination to match by anyone.His ability to explain the technical details and interact with people less technical is superb. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Tammy Savage High-Tech Product & Business Executive August 6, 2013, Randal worked with Tammy in different groups I had the good fortune to work on a multi-year project lead by Tammy. I really enjoyed working on her project for several reasons. She was inspiring; she was able to clearly articulate why our work mattered and how we would succeed to both technical and non-technical people. She was data driven; she was always on top of her numbers, letting the data point our direction and dispel any biases and myths. She was tough; everyone had to pull their weight since Tammy was unafraid to give kudos and wake-up calls whenever they were required. She knows how to build a team; we all wanted to work with Tammy and the team she built did great things. I would work on one of her projects again in a heartbeat. Cara Lake, Administrative Professional Solution Facilitator | Effective Communicator | Skilful Writer May 8, 2013, Cara worked with Randal in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Cara at Microsoft. She had the tough job of supporting some high profile executives while also helping the rest of us be successful. She did it all with professionalism and a smile. She worked her magic to help him out of a jam on many occasions. She is a total pro and a pleasure to work with. View 10 more recommendations View 10 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests RichRelevance 4,632 followers Bioinformatics geeks 26,792 members Florida State University 227,578 followers Web Analytics Professionals 28,196 members University of Washington 379,027 followers ZymoGenetics Inc. 441 members See all See all following
More Actions Randy has a account Randy Olson Senior Data Scientist at University of Pennsylvania University of Pennsylvania Michigan State University Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 500+ 500+ connections First and foremost, I’m a senior data scientist working with Prof. Jason H. Moore at the University of Pennsylvania Institute for Biomedical Informatics developing state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms to solve biomedical problems. I also occasionally collaborate with the media and private companies on projects that I believe are important, so please feel free to contact me me if you think I would be a good fit for one of your projects.I specialize in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data visualization, although I’m always learning something new to make myself more useful to my clients and collaborators. I regularly write about my latest work on my personal blog, where I’ve become known for computing optimal road trips around the world and solving Where’s Waldo?, among many other creative applications of machine learning. My work has been featured all over the world and in the news, including the New York Times, Wired, FiveThirtyEight, and much more.I work tirelessly to promote open and reproducible science, leading by example and openly publishing my work on GitHub and open access journals. I’m also passionate about training the next generation of data scientists to be more efficient, effective, and collaborative in their work, and do so by writing online tutorials, teaching hands-on workshops, and mentoring local students in my research specialties. If you would like to commission me to teach a workshop or give a talk in your area, please get in touch.You can follow me on Twitter (https://twitter.com/randal_olson) or Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/RandalSOlson), where I post new data visualizations every day. (The data visualizations aren’t always created by me.) I’m also a community leader for the popular data visualization subreddit reddit.com/r/DataIsBeautiful, which now serves over 2 million unique readers every month.Please take a look at my web site and blog below to get an idea of what I've been working lately. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name University of Pennsylvania Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area I transitioned into a staff researcher position in Prof. Jason H. Moore's lab at Penn's Institute for Biomedical Informatics. At Penn, I will continue developing state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms with a focus on biomedical applications. I will also continue aiding Prof. Moore in developing a biomedical visualization laboratory, which will offer machine learning and data analysis as a service to PennMed faculty and physicians. Postdoctoral Researcher Company Name University of Pennsylvania Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Philadelphia, PA I joined Prof. Jason H. Moore's research lab at Penn's Institute for Biomedical Informatics. At Penn, I developed state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms with a focus on biomedical applications. I also be aided Prof. Moore in laying the groundwork for a biomedical visualization laboratory that will be used as a collaborative research space by Penn's medical school. Graduate Research Assistant Company Name Michigan State University Dates Employed Aug 2011 – May 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location East Lansing, MI I spent 4 years working on my dual major Ph.D. at Michigan State University working with Prof. Christoph Adami. During my time there, I established a high-performance C++ platform for studying the evolution of intelligent animal behavior over long, evolutionary timescale. With this platform, I published several articles in peer-reviewed journals and conference proceedings to share what I learned about the evolution of cooperation. Computer Scientist Company Name Warner Robins Air Logistics Center Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Warner Robins, GA I worked as a civilian employee for the Air Force developing tools for the Electronic Warfare division. My time here was primarily spent as a software engineer in a larger software development team. SMART Scholar Company Name United States Department of Defense Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Orlando, FL The Department of Defense fully funded my final year of undergraduate education so I could pursue an undergraduate Honors thesis researching artificial intelligence. During this time, I developed a novel method for two-legged robots to learn to walk without supervision. Education Michigan State University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Computer Science & Engineering / Ecology, Evolutionary Biology, and Behavior Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 University of Central Florida Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Volunteer Experience Workshop organizer & instructor Company Name Software Carpentry Dates volunteered Jan 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 5 mos Cause Science and Technology I organize and instruct at two-day Software Carpentry workshops to teach students and researchers the programming skills they require to excel in modern research. These skills include shell scripting, programming, version control, debugging, testing, and documentation. Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 52 endorsements for Python 52 Python Endorsed by Sebastian Raschka and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Randy’s colleagues at University of Pennsylvania Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 51 endorsements for Data Analysis 51 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Randy’s colleagues at University of Pennsylvania Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science See 19 endorsements for Data Science 19 Data Science Endorsed by Sebastian Raschka and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Randy’s colleagues at University of Pennsylvania Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Randy has 10 honors 10 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Best Paper Award Graduate School Dissertation Completion Fellowship BEACON Mini-sabbatical Fellowship Fulbright Research Fellowship Finalist Best Paper Award IHPC Workshop Fellowship Honors In Major Department of Defense SMART Scholarship FAEDS Dr. Robert W. Sims Memorial Scholarship Florida Bright Futures Scholarship Randy has 7 publications 7 Expand publications section Publications Elucidating the evolutionary origins of collective animal behavior Navigating the massive world of reddit: Using backbone networks to map user interests in social media Risk sensitivity as an evolutionary adaptation Exploring conditions that select for the evolution of cooperative group foraging Critical interplay between density-dependent predation and the evolution of the selfish herd Evolved digital ecosystems: Dynamic steady state, not optimal fixed point Predator confusion is sufficient to evolve swarming behavior Randy has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Randy has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Discovering Optimal Consumer Decision Funnels Using Markov Brains Interests University of Central Florida 213,436 followers Michigan State University 358,647 followers University of Pennsylvania 222,499 followers Michigan State University College of Human Medicine 32,686 followers University of Pennsylvania 205,589 followers Michigan State University 347,176 followers See all See all following
More Actions Randy has a account Randy Olson Senior Data Scientist at University of Pennsylvania University of Pennsylvania Michigan State University Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent First and foremost, I’m a senior data scientist working with Prof. Jason H. Moore at the University of Pennsylvania Institute for Biomedical Informatics developing state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms to solve biomedical problems. I also occasionally collaborate with the media and private companies on projects that I believe are important, so please feel free to contact me me if you think I would be a good fit for one of your projects.I specialize in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data visualization, although I’m always learning something new to make myself more useful to my clients and collaborators. I regularly write about my latest work on my personal blog, where I’ve become known for computing optimal road trips around the world and solving Where’s Waldo?, among many other creative applications of machine learning. My work has been featured all over the world and in the news, including the New York Times, Wired, FiveThirtyEight, and much more.I work tirelessly to promote open and reproducible science, leading by example and openly publishing my work on GitHub and open access journals. I’m also passionate about training the next generation of data scientists to be more efficient, effective, and collaborative in their work, and do so by writing online tutorials, teaching hands-on workshops, and mentoring local students in my research specialties. If you would like to commission me to teach a workshop or give a talk in your area, please get in touch.You can follow me on Twitter (https://twitter.com/randal_olson) or Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/RandalSOlson), where I post new data visualizations every day. (The data visualizations aren’t always created by me.) I’m also a community leader for the popular data visualization subreddit reddit.com/r/DataIsBeautiful, which now serves over 2 million unique readers every month.Please take a look at my web site and blog below to get an idea of what I've been working lately. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name University of Pennsylvania Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area I transitioned into a staff researcher position in Prof. Jason H. Moore's lab at Penn's Institute for Biomedical Informatics. At Penn, I will continue developing state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms with a focus on biomedical applications. I will also continue aiding Prof. Moore in developing a biomedical visualization laboratory, which will offer machine learning and data analysis as a service to PennMed faculty and physicians. Postdoctoral Researcher Company Name University of Pennsylvania Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Philadelphia, PA I joined Prof. Jason H. Moore's research lab at Penn's Institute for Biomedical Informatics. At Penn, I developed state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms with a focus on biomedical applications. I also be aided Prof. Moore in laying the groundwork for a biomedical visualization laboratory that will be used as a collaborative research space by Penn's medical school. Graduate Research Assistant Company Name Michigan State University Dates Employed Aug 2011 – May 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location East Lansing, MI I spent 4 years working on my dual major Ph.D. at Michigan State University working with Prof. Christoph Adami. During my time there, I established a high-performance C++ platform for studying the evolution of intelligent animal behavior over long, evolutionary timescale. With this platform, I published several articles in peer-reviewed journals and conference proceedings to share what I learned about the evolution of cooperation. Computer Scientist Company Name Warner Robins Air Logistics Center Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Warner Robins, GA I worked as a civilian employee for the Air Force developing tools for the Electronic Warfare division. My time here was primarily spent as a software engineer in a larger software development team. SMART Scholar Company Name United States Department of Defense Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Orlando, FL The Department of Defense fully funded my final year of undergraduate education so I could pursue an undergraduate Honors thesis researching artificial intelligence. During this time, I developed a novel method for two-legged robots to learn to walk without supervision. Education Michigan State University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Computer Science & Engineering / Ecology, Evolutionary Biology, and Behavior Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 University of Central Florida Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Volunteer Experience Workshop organizer & instructor Company Name Software Carpentry Dates volunteered Jan 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 5 mos Cause Science and Technology I organize and instruct at two-day Software Carpentry workshops to teach students and researchers the programming skills they require to excel in modern research. These skills include shell scripting, programming, version control, debugging, testing, and documentation. Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 52 endorsements for Python 52 Python Endorsed by Sebastian Raschka and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Randy’s colleagues at University of Pennsylvania Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 51 endorsements for Data Analysis 51 Data Analysis Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Randy’s colleagues at University of Pennsylvania Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science See 19 endorsements for Data Science 19 Data Science Endorsed by Sebastian Raschka and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Randy’s colleagues at University of Pennsylvania Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Randy has 10 honors 10 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Best Paper Award Graduate School Dissertation Completion Fellowship BEACON Mini-sabbatical Fellowship Fulbright Research Fellowship Finalist Best Paper Award IHPC Workshop Fellowship Honors In Major Department of Defense SMART Scholarship FAEDS Dr. Robert W. Sims Memorial Scholarship Florida Bright Futures Scholarship Randy has 7 publications 7 Expand publications section Publications Elucidating the evolutionary origins of collective animal behavior Navigating the massive world of reddit: Using backbone networks to map user interests in social media Risk sensitivity as an evolutionary adaptation Exploring conditions that select for the evolution of cooperative group foraging Critical interplay between density-dependent predation and the evolution of the selfish herd Evolved digital ecosystems: Dynamic steady state, not optimal fixed point Predator confusion is sufficient to evolve swarming behavior Randy has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Randy has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Discovering Optimal Consumer Decision Funnels Using Markov Brains Interests Michigan State University College of Human Medicine 32,686 followers University of Pennsylvania 222,499 followers Pulse 1,535,237 followers Michigan State University College of Law 36,986 followers University of Central Florida 222,628 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,598,834 followers See all See all following
More Actions Raghavan has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Raghavan Muthuregunathan Senior Software Engineer - Data Mining/Machine Learning at LinkedIn LinkedIn Columbia Engineering San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My goal is to become a full stack developer while working on cutting edge applications of Machine Learning.I have worked as a developer at Microsoft, Silicon Valley campus, on Bing Core relevance with concentration on Social, QnA Ranking & Mobile specific Ranking. Previously an intern in the same team and also had interned at foursquare.com 's Machine Learning team. Columbia CS alumnus.Specialties: Algorithms, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Learning to Rank See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Raghavan’s Activity 552 followers As a child, I was diagnosed with OCD and had a hard time managing school and my disorder. I ate lunch in the nurses office a lot of the time, I had breakdowns in bathrooms, and I got scolded by my teachers for the small rituals I often needed to do just to get through the school day. Entering high school, I never even imagined being able to survive college and even my school counselor advised me not to pursue a bachelors degree. I couldn't live with the idea that this disorder would define my life and education, so I began learning ways to manage it. Now, at 22, I am proud to say that I have graduated Magna Cum Laude and am pursuing my Masters this fall at RU 🎓 Raghavan liked See all activity Experience Senior Software Engineer - Data Mining/Data Analysis/Machine Learning Company Name LinkedIn Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Mountain View, CA Software Development Engineer / Applied Scientist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed 2012 – 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs Intern - Software development in Bing Social Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Mountain View, California Area I was an Intern at the Bing Social Search Team of Microsoft at Mountain view , California. Graduate Research Assistant Company Name Natural Language Processing group, Columbia University Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 6 mos Develop software for research purposes. Run research experiments Teaching Assistant - Introduction to Cryptography Company Name Columbia University Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area During the Fall 2010, I was serving as TA for the course "Introduction to Cryptography" offered by Dr. Rosario Generro (visiting faculty from IBM TJ Watson) at Columbia University CS Department. See more positions Education Columbia Engineering Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Anna University - Madras Institute of Technology Degree Name B.Tech Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 was in Top 5% of the class Accomplishments Raghavan has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Algorithms for Massive Data and Streaming Analysis of Algorithms Computational Learning Theory Machine Learning Machine Translation Natural Language Processing Programming Languages and Translators Raghavan has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Efficient Retrieval of Fresh Internet Content
More Actions Wei Zhong Isaac has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Wei Zhong Isaac Toh Analytics Product Manager at NCS Group NCS Group National University of Singapore Singapore 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Product Management, Data Science Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Wei Zhong Isaac’s Activity 964 followers Don’t Spend Your Life Making Up Your Mind Wei Zhong Isaac liked Amazon is offering everyone a free month-long trial of its unlimited music-streaming service Wei Zhong Isaac liked Stop Mindlessly Going Through Your Work Day Wei Zhong Isaac liked Shashank Pawar and I having fun sharing #AzureML #Cortana #Botframework and #CognitiveServices #PowerBI to Macquarie University students at #DSSCHack Hackathon Wei Zhong Isaac liked I went back to work at Microsoft after almost ten years away. Here’s what I found. Wei Zhong Isaac liked All of us have a preexisting condition when we get to our genetic code —it's what it means to be human Wei Zhong Isaac liked See all activity Experience Analytics Product Manager Company Name NCS Group Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Smart and Safe City Centre of Excellence, Advanced Analytics Data Science Consultant Company Name DataSpark Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Singapore, Philippines Data Science Consulting Management Associate Company Name Singtel Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Part of a fast-track programme with job rotations to different BUs for domain exposure and rapid developmentRotations:-> Data Scientist at NCS Group, Smart and Safe City Centre of Excellence, Advanced Analytics-> Data Scientist at Globe Telecom, Enterprise Data Office, Advanced Analytics-> Data Science Consultant at DataSpark, Data Science Consulting Data Scientist Company Name Globe Telecom Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Philippines Enterprise Data Office, Advanced Analytics Data Scientist Company Name NCS Group Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Smart and Safe City Centre of Excellence, Advanced AnalyticsInvolved in cross-vertical presales and delivery, in cyber security, defence, healthcare, education, and policyPresales support during pre-tender and tender phase (use-case conceptualization, demos, proposals, solutioning, effort estimation, BQs, POCs, prototypes)Delivery of technology-agnostic analytics solutions and insights, using predictive analytics, social media analytics, etc.Other undertakings include:-> Conducted Advanced Analytics workshops for CFU and NCS population at large-> Represented NCS and Singtel in an overseas conference as a speaker-> Published a scientific paper in Advanced Analytics in name of NCSConducted various voluntary data science workshops and sharing, including:-> RUGS Data Mining with R (Workshop II) - Random forests for R User Group SG-> Practical Machine Learning for IDA Data Science MOOC facilitation-> Developing Data Products (R shiny demo) for IDA Data Science MOOC facilitation-> Introduction to Data Analytics with R for DataScience NUS interest group See more positions Education National University of Singapore Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Computational Biology Grade First Class Honours Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Pioneer Junior College Degree Name GCE 'A' Levels Field Of Study Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Bukit Panjang Govt. High School Degree Name GCE 'O' Levels Field Of Study Physical Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 22 endorsements for Machine Learning 22 Machine Learning Endorsed by 2 of Wei Zhong Isaac’s colleagues at NCS Group Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 24 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 24 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Wei Zhong Isaac’s colleagues at NCS Group Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 26 endorsements for Data Analysis 26 Data Analysis Endorsed by Flávio Mariano A P Carvalho and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Wei Zhong Isaac’s colleagues at NCS Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Garrett Teoh Hor Keong Data Analytics Consultant/Scientist, Master Kaggle Competitor, Entrepreneur, Data Storyteller, Author, Mentor, P.hD April 11, 2016, Wei Zhong Isaac worked with Garrett Teoh in the same group Wei Zhong is a very detailed and oriented data scientists who knows his stuffs very well. He has a very high aptitude for learning and adapt quickly to work on any new tasks assigned to him. I have worked with him on a few ad hoc projects on tight deadlines and his pro-activeness has significantly helped the team to deliver on time. Garrett Teoh Hor Keong Data Analytics Consultant/Scientist, Master Kaggle Competitor, Entrepreneur, Data Storyteller, Author, Mentor, P.hD April 11, 2016, Garrett Teoh worked with Wei Zhong Isaac in the same group Garrett is a proficient data scientist and have contributed to our team in many aspects, including project delivery, building POCs and presenting to clients. He is able to quickly work on analytics tasks in a variety of domains and identify valuable usecases for clients. A valuable team player. Accomplishments Wei Zhong Isaac has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 3rd place in a by-invite only privacy-preservation data mining challenge (March 2016) 9 nominations for NUS Teaching Awards Dean's Lists Lijen Industrial Development Medal 2015 Singtel Group Undergraduate Scholarship University Scholars Programme Honour Roll 2014 Wei Zhong Isaac has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Malay Wei Zhong Isaac has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Redhyte: Towards a Self-diagnosing, Self-correcting, and Helpful Analytic Platform MetaboNexus: an interactive platform for integrated metabolomics analysis Exploratory investigation of plasma metabolomics in human lung adenocarcinoma Wei Zhong Isaac has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification IBM SPSS Modeler Professional v3 Interests The Ascott Limited 34,268 followers The Economist 3,871,448 followers Citi 1,250,403 followers Deutsche Bank 559,952 followers J.P. Morgan 821,729 followers R/Finance 4,489 members See all See all following
More Actions John has a account 3rd degree connection3rd John Baker Chief Data Scientist at Pixability Building Data Science Summit Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Sloan School of Management Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I build data science teams. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} John’s Articles & Activity 1,864 followers Building Data Science the Right Way John Baker on LinkedIn See all articles General Electric Tames Big Data With Tamr John liked Reminder to attend tomorrow's PipelineIO: Spark ML + TensorFlow AI + GPU big announcement! https://lnkd.in/dXfbYfc John liked My company Experfy is honored to be one of four Gartner Cool Vendors in Data Science and Machine Learning, 2017: "Based in the Harvard Innovation Lab, Experfy pioneers an alternative method of employing data science talent by addressing the problem of finding top-notch skills via a marketplace for highly accomplished data science experts. The experience and stated skills of all individuals listed in the marketplace have been validated by Experfy. This approach can connect clients with specialists whom they cannot hire full time due to lack of budget, or because these data scientists are happily employed in academia or by more desirable employers." "Experfy also provides high-quality education for upskilling the clients' employees through an on-demand training platform that is gaining momentum. It offers 50 online courses developed and conducted by experts, or can also deliver any course on-site. Although the company was founded in 2014, it already has a number of clients among high-profile enterprises, as well as data science platform vendors and startups." https://lnkd.in/dXQJmuZ John commented See all activity Experience Organizer Company Name Building Data Science Summit Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Boston, Massachusetts Chief Data Scientist Company Name Pixability Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Founder & Chief Scientist Company Name DataKin Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Cambridge, MA Organizer Company Name The Data Scientist Meetup Group (Boston, NYC, DC, Chicago, San Fran, Dublin & London) Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Boston Area ● Created The Data Scientist Meetup Group● Researched, conceived of and designed the curriculum for the "Data Scientist Seminar Series"● In coordination with co-organizers, we plan and organize seminars by reserving venues, and motivating speakers and sponsors● Prep presentation material by ensuring content is cohesive and adheres to our Seminar Series vision● Present during seminars and manage QA sessions Media (2) This position has 2 media Leading Analytics Seminar Series - Summer 2013 Leading Analytics Seminar Series - Summer 2013 This media is a document Building Data Science Series - April 2014 Building Data Science Series - April 2014 This media is an image Analytics/Data Architect Company Name edX Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos See more positions Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Sloan School of Management Degree Name SDM Field Of Study Data Mining, Web 2.0, Entrepreneuralism Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Hawaii Pacific University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Graduated Cum Laude. Hawaii Pacific University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Graduated Cum Laude. Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 92 endorsements for Analytics 92 Analytics Endorsed by Badri Raghavan and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of John’s colleagues at Pixability Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 66 endorsements for Big Data 66 Big Data Endorsed by Badri Raghavan and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of John’s colleagues at Pixability Click and drag to reorder skills Product Management See 51 endorsements for Product Management 51 Product Management Endorsed by Gary Ambrosino and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of John’s colleagues at Affectiva Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (8) PETE [stringfellow] Creative Professional / Recording Artist / Actor April 22, 2015, John worked with PETE in the same group I had the privilege of working with Mr. Baker back when we were both working for the company Moontoast. His insights, expertise and attention to detail always impressed me. Not only is he an expert with data, but he's a pleasure to work with; I certainly miss cranking out great work together. I highly recommend John, and hope to work with him again in the future! Chris Hornung Principal Software Engineer at SessionM April 7, 2011, Chris managed John directly I've worked with John for a few years now, and consider him to be one of the most valuable members of my development team. John has a talent for interacting with business stakeholders, both with a sensitive ear for discerning requirements, as well as setting and managing expectations with sometimes demanding clients throughout the project. He brings a strong mix of professionalism, business acumen and technical skills to the table, and can be counted on to deliver on any commitments he makes. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations PETE [stringfellow] Creative Professional / Recording Artist / Actor April 21, 2015, John was senior to PETE but didn’t manage directly Pete and I worked together at Moontoast--I was the product owner for analytics, he the graphic designer on the project. We worked together on a series of new and legacy functionality and through those interactions I developed the utmost respect in his design abilities. Beyond those skills, I knew him to be well-intentioned, conscientious, hard working, and really motivated to solve hard problems. I highly recommend Pete and hope to get the opportunity to work with him in the future. Brad Posey Creative Direction | Interaction Design August 11, 2014, John managed Brad directly 'Amazing graphical designer' was the phrase I used to describe Brad to my co-founders at DataKin before we hired him. I had worked with Brad previously on one separate occasion and as was the case then, Brad exceeded our expectations this time around, too. He has all the qualities of a great designer: actively listens, brainstorms potential ideas, is conscientious, and patiently works to produce the best, quality, work product. Brad's design influence will be with a product for a long time to come: our customers have given kudos on the great design / layout of our product.Brad would be an asset to any software development team. I highly recommend him. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments John has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents TopicGraph - A SYSTEM AND METHOD OF RELATING MULTIPLE ENTITIES WITHIN UNSTRUCTURED TEXT AND DEVELOPING PSYCHOGRAPHIC RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN THEM System and method of social commerce analytics for social networking data and related transactional data Interests Global MIT Enterprise Forum 4,784 members Deep Focus 20,465 followers The Data Scientist 17 members Business Analytics - Predictive Analytics - Big Data 13,423 members The Wall Street Journal 2,342,209 followers edX 129,220 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ada has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Ada Cho Principal Program Manager Lead at Microsoft Microsoft The University of Texas at Austin Greater Seattle Area 491 491 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • High-energy, passionate and result-oriented product leader with 17+ years of stellar experience of shipping software products. • Proven track record for leading many new incubation and also established multi-release products to ship successfully in demanding, ambiguous, and rapidly changing environments.• Strong data analytical background with ability to establish new product metrics, and apply machine learning to generate actionable insights for product iteration development.• Adept at relationship and consensus building with strong problem solving ability to solve complex business and technical problems across groups. • Experience people manager with proven experience in building and coaching a high performance team. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Program Manager Lead Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Office 365 Modern Customer First Assistance Experience. Principal Program Manager Lead Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Azure Cloud Capacity Management and Optimization. Principal Applied Data Science Lead Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Windows 10 Core Data Science- Bootstrap early adopter scenarios to data driven engineering approach.- Led the Commercial Insights initiative to apply machine learning to classify, understand Windows Business Users behaviors and explore new business model opportunities. Senior Program Manager Lead Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed May 2003 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Windows 8.1, Windows 8 • Led the development of Windows Store App Catalog, Content Promotion, and OEM Apps management experience in Windows 8.1.• Led the planning and development of brand new Windows App Store and Online Analytics system in Windows 8. eLive Video Service• Drove the E2E Video Content Ingestion System and multi bit rate video streaming to deliver Beijing Olympic video streaming experience for NBC web site. Windows Home Server 1.0• Shipped the PC Backup and Restore pillar feature for Windows Home Server. Xbox Live Video Marketplace 1.0• Led planning, design and development of Xbox Video Live Marketplace Catalog System, and Content Discovery services. Windows Media Center Edition (Symphony, Emerald, Diamond)• Led the planning, product definition and delivery of the TV, Movies, Video, and Sport Content Ingestion, Interlinking and Discovery Web services for Media Center. • Drove the 3rd party metadata licensing contract negotiation, the design and development of Games Content Discovery Services for Games Explorer. Software Design Engineer Company Name Microsoft TV and Ultimate TV Dates Employed Aug 1998 – May 2003 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos • Built Business Intelligence solutions for tracking customer behavior for Windows Media Players and Windows Media Centers.• Conceptualized new ideas and built prototypes for Usage based TV recommendation, T-Commerce Response Network, and Offline TV Ads Inventory Planner.• Developed the Business and Customer Intelligence analytical report system for Microsoft TV V1 product. Education The University of Texas at Austin Featured Skills & Endorsements Software Development See 22 endorsements for Software Development 22 Software Development Endorsed by Pradeep Jha and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Ada’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Agile Project Management See 12 endorsements for Agile Project Management 12 Agile Project Management Endorsed by 11 of Ada’s colleagues at Microsoft Endorsed by 6 people who know Agile Project Management Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management See 12 endorsements for Program Management 12 Program Management Endorsed by 11 of Ada’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (2) Pradeep Jha Data and Analytics at Scale October 15, 2012, Pradeep was senior to Ada but didn’t manage directly I have had the privilege of working with Ada as her direct manager as well as the manager of a peer team and I have seen her excel in the development function as well in the program management function. As a leader, she has a very positive, “can-do” approach and it is hard to miss the upbeat atmosphere she brings to every project team she leads. She also has a unique skill of bringing an engineering team together, define clear and shared goals, and keeping the engineering team focused on the results and shielded from day-to-day distractions. As a result, she has a track record of getting projects completed with high quality, on time, and the engineering team emerging happy and proud of their work. Most importantly, she has deep technical knowledge of database technologies and business intelligence. Ada is an invaluable asset to any engineering team. Ken Hsu (we are hiring) Senior Solutions Architect at Amazon Alexa - come join us redefine the voice experience on Alexa! October 4, 2012, Ada worked with Ken in the same group I worked with Ada in the Windows Home Server group at Microsoft. Ada is driven, meticulous and pays great attention to details. I enjoyed working with her and would love to work with her again given the opportunity. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Pradeep Jha Data and Analytics at Scale October 23, 2014, Ada worked with Pradeep in different groups I worked for and with Pradeep on several teams and products at Microsoft.He is a great engineering leader - always keeps a laser focus on business and customer priorities. He is very out-of-box thinker, with strong ability to solve hard problem creatively. He was very dependable, and someone you can count on to consistently deliver great results. Collaborative leadership is one of his many strengths - he is someone with the ability to work well and influence across diverse teams within the company. He was also a great people manager - built and managed a strong team, and great at coaching his directs to grow their career. Nina Sarawgi Sr Manager, Tech at Amazon (I am hiring) August 31, 2012, Ada reported directly to Nina Nina is one of the best managers I have worked for. She is exceptionally smart, excellent in analytical ability, great strategic thinker, and always strikes to do the right thing for the business and customers. She has deep knowledge and extensive experience in data intelligence and services spaces, and has always been the thought leader for the team. She excels at tackling different challenging projects/situations, and has this amazing ability to bring a diverse group of people to work together to deliver great results. She has always been a rock for the team. Nina is also a great people manager who builds and manages a strong team. She genuinely cares about her people, and coaches them to grow and become successful. Accomplishments Ada has 5 patents 5 Expand patents section Patents Media planner Media Content Catalog Service Methods and systems for selectively displaying advertisements Interlinking sports and television program listing metadata Methods, systems, and computer-readable media for a global video format schema defining metadata relating to video media Ada has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Microsoft Gold Star Award, Windows Services Microsoft Gold Star Award, Windows Media Internet Services Microsoft Gold Star Award, eLive Interests The University of Texas at Austin 395,544 followers Andreessen Horowitz 40,352 followers Leila JanahLeila Janah is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO of Samasource and Co-Founder and CEO of LXMI 458,893 followers PMO Experienced (Practicing Project and Program Managers) 24,688 members Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,357,499 followers Robbie BachRobbie Bach is a LinkedIn Influencer Speaker, Author and Consultant 14,876 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yan has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Yan Yang, PhD Machine Learning Scientist at Amazon Amazon University of California, Berkeley Cambridge, Massachusetts 447 447 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Please see more details at my website at:http://www5.decf.berkeley.edu/~yxy128/or google: Yan T. Yang and click "I'm feeling lucky" (as of 5/30/2013)*************************************************************I am interested in data and how it can help us improve our lives and see our world in a different perspective.Network and combinatorial optimization, Integer programming, Computational optimization;Design and analysis of optimization algorithms;Data mining;Text mining; andMachine learning: for national security applications and medicine discovery. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Machine Learning Scientist Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Cambridge, Massachusetts Decision Science Consultant at Walt Disney Parks & Resorts Company Name The Walt Disney Company Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Orlando, Florida Area Permanent internal consultant working on media sales projects: 1. Worked with Disney affiliated linear TV networks (ABC, A&E, Freeform) 2. Built real-time predictive models for TV show rating forecasts; and 3. Implemented proposal generation tool based on data to recommend candidate commercial deals for TV networks. Tools used including:Python: numpy, scipy,sklearn, matplotlib etc. packagesSAS with optmodelRTableau Data Scientist Company Name IMATCHATIVE INC. Dates Employed May 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Financial data mining projects consist of:1. Text mining financial documents;2. Comprehensive fund-data clustering and classification; and3. Optimization methods for hedge fund selection.Tools used include:R: plyr, ggplot2 etc. packagesPython: numpy, scipy, sklearn, matplotlib, nltk, rpy etc. packagesIBM SPSS ModelerIBM SPSSVisual Studio 2012ASP.NET MVC 4 Web ApplicationElasticsearchJavascript (D3, AngularJS) Graduate Trainee Company Name US Department of Homeland Security Dates Employed May 2010 – May 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location University of California at Berkeley Domestic Nuclear Threat Security Initiative (DoNuTS) (http://donuts.berkeley.edu/): 1. Video surveillance and video tracking; and2. Nuclear material detection algorithms.(See publications) Phd Candidate Company Name UC Berkeley Dates Employed 2011 – 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Minored in Computer Science and StatisticsDissertation topics: Data Mining and Machine Learning; Advisor: Dorit S. Hochbaum.Interests: Algorithms, Graph Theory, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Nuclear Data Analysis, Biological Data Analysis and Medical Data Analysis. See more positions Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Industrial Engineering and Operations Research Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Minored in Computer Science and StatisticsDissertation topics: Data Mining and Machine Learning; Advisor: Dorit S. Hochbaum University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Master Field Of Study Industrial Engineering and Operations Research Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Cornell University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Applied and Engineering Physics; Dual Majored in Operations Research and Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Dean’s Honor Lists every semester See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Tutor Company Name Lansing Residential Center Dates volunteered Sep 2005 – Aug 2007 Volunteer duration 2 yrs Cause Children Lansing Residential Center is a juvenile correctional facility. The responsibilities of volunteer tutor including: (1-2 hours/week during the study hall period in a classroom)1. Tutored math, history, sciences to L-unit (30 girls,11-17 yrs, sentenced by NY family courts); and 2. Assisted with academic works which, upon completion, increased chance toward early release. Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 28 endorsements for Machine Learning 28 Machine Learning Endorsed by Mark Faridani, PhD and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Yan’s colleagues at iMatchative Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 30 endorsements for Data Mining 30 Data Mining Endorsed by Mark Faridani, PhD and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Yan’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 25 endorsements for Algorithms 25 Algorithms Endorsed by Vinay Sanjekar and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Yan’s colleagues at iMatchative Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Jose Bergiste Manager, Data Services at Disney Parks & Resorts November 16, 2016, Yan worked with Jose in the same group Yan is a world-class data scientist. We worked together on integrating several optimization and prediction problems at Disney over the last couple of years. Since many of his models ran in real-time, he would always make himself available to actively solve any technical problems that occurred in Production. In addition to being a great self-starter, he worked very well as part of a team! Jose Bergiste Manager, Data Services at Disney Parks & Resorts November 17, 2016, Jose worked with Yan in the same group Jose is one the best people for designing complex analytic systems. He had a strong technical know-how and a clear communication style. I had the pleasure working with him for the past couple of years. Moreover he knows a lot about the best practices of software development. Accomplishments Yan has 12 courses 12 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Analysis of Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Applied Stochastic Process I Applied Stochastic Process II Biostatistical Methods: Computational Statistics with Applications in Biology and Medicine Integer programing & combinatorial optimization Mathematical programming I Mathematical programming II Network flows & graphs Special topics: data mining Yan has 10 honors 10 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards University of California at Berkeley, Industrial Engineering and Operations Research Department Summer Fellowship University of California at Berkeley, Industrial Engineering and Operations Research Department Summer Fellowship National Science Foundation Graduate Scholarship – Honorable Mention LeaderShape Award of Cornell University by Engineering College for Teaching Academic Excellence Workshop Omega Rho Honor Society for Operations Research and Management Science Tau Beta Pi – The Engineering Honor Society (Officer: Recording Secretary) The National Society of Collegiate Scholars Cornell Applied and Engineering Physics Society (Officer: the Underclass Representative) The Richard V.V. Stringham College Scholarships from CFCU Bausch and Lomb Honorary Science Award Yan has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications A new approach for real-time target tracking in videos Ranking of Multidimensional Drug Profiling Data by Fractional Adjusted Bi-Partitional Scores The Supervised Normalized Cut Method for Detecting, Classifying and Identifying Special Nuclear Materials Yan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Interests Cornell University 265,750 followers Facebook 1,533,811 followers Microsoft Learning 36,101 followers Cornell University 292,221 followers LinkedIn 2,127,905 followers Bridgewater Associates 49,468 followers See all See all following
More Actions Marick has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Marick Sinay, PhD Chief Data Scientist at Zenalytics, a Bluestem Brands Company Zenalytics, a Bluestem Brands Company University of California, Santa Barbara Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent PhD Statistics and Applied Probability. MA Statistics. MA Economics. Over 6 years of financial industry experience including: commercial credit risk, economic capital forecasting, operational risk, fixed income risk analytics, retail credit score modeling using advanced statistical techniques and machine learning algorithms. Exemplary computational and numerical skills using R. Advanced knowledge of Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) techniques including the Metropolis-Hastings algorithm and Gibbs sampling.Specialties: Computational statistics, multivariate Bayesian statistics, machine learning, credit risk, operational risk, retail credit underwriting and direct mail marketing modeling. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Data Scientist Company Name Zenalytics, a Bluestem Brands Company Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Los Angeles Area Director, Data Science & Quantitative Research at AssetAvenue Company Name AssetAvenue Dates Employed Dec 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Senior Data Scientist and Machine Learning Modeler Company Name ZestFinance Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Provide subject matter expertise as it relates to big data statistical and machine learning techniques: generalized linear models (GLM), penalized regression, i.e. Lasso, Ridge and Elastic Net, Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines (MARS), bootstrapping, bagging, boosting, Bayesian statistics, Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC), to name a few.Work closely with external sales team to provide technical expertise throughout the sales lifecycle. From initial client requests and description of business problem. Through model build, delivery and explanation of results to clients. Quantitative Risk Analyst Company Name Western Asset Management Dates Employed May 2011 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Assisted in providing single security risk analytics in support of the trading desks, client services and enterprise wide.Main projects involved retiring a third party provider of risk analytics and porting over securities to alternative providers to ensure seamless coverage of risk analytics. This was a large extract, transform, load (ETL) project that made use of SAS, SQL and VBS, which also involved aspects of system design.Gained experience using Citi's Yield Book, Barclay's Point, Wilshire's Axiom and Bloomberg for analyzing securities.Worked with mortgage desk portfolio manager, portfolio analyst and portfolio risk manager in developing a modification of the Mahalanobis distance metric for the purpose of performing cluster analysis on forecasted cash flows under various interest rate scenarios for several thousand securities. Assistant Vice President, Quantitative Financial Analyst Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Jun 2009 – May 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Responsible for independently conducting risk analytics and developing models to estimate commercial credit risk and operational risk across the Bank's portfolio. Worked directly with technology staff in design and implementation of any system to run developed models.Specific projects include the following. Forecasting exposure at default (EAD) for the Bank's commercial credit risk portfolio via a censored Tobit regression model using loan equivalent (LEQ) factors. Estimating loss severity parameters of a heavy tailed Gamma­Lognormal operational risk model via a Metropolis--Hastings within Gibbs (MHWG) Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) algorithm.Participated in and was lead technical presenter during Bank examinations conducted by federal regulators for both Internal Ratings Based (IRB) commercial credit risk EAD and the Advanced Measurement Approach (AMA) for operational risk.The commercial credit risk EAD model mentioned just above was regarded as "best in industry " by Dr. Michael Jacobs of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) during the onsite Bank examination.Associate Connection Team (ACT) representative. Responsible for: participating in and organizing team building activities, conducting associate satisfaction survey focus group meetings, serving as a liaison between associates and senior leadership and related duties. Built networks and gained exposure throughout Corporate Treasury. See more positions Education University of California, Santa Barbara Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Statistics and Applied Probability Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: UC Regents Fellow University of California, Santa Barbara Degree Name MA Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Activities and Societies: UC Regents Fellow University of California, Santa Barbara Degree Name MA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Activities and Societies: UC Regents Fellow See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 69 endorsements for R 69 R Endorsed by Neal Fultz and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Marick’s colleagues at AssetAvenue Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 55 endorsements for Statistics 55 Statistics Endorsed by Neal Fultz and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Marick’s colleagues at AssetAvenue Click and drag to reorder skills Econometrics See 44 endorsements for Econometrics 44 Econometrics Endorsed by 3 of Marick’s colleagues at AssetAvenue Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (4) Mo Hassanpour Healthcare Economics Consultant, SAS Programmer at UnitedHealth Group October 14, 2010, Marick worked with Mo in the same group Marick is a perfect balance of EQ and IQ. He has exceptional quantitative knowledge and skill, and can communicate complicated concepts effectively. Marick has exceptional interpersonal communication skills, integrity, work ethic, and can work collaboratively as well as independently. He is also exceptionally capable of handling multiple projects, tight deadlines, and shifting priorities. Ryan Nelson Investment Analyst at Kilroy Realty Corporation May 24, 2016, Marick worked with Ryan in different groups I have had the distinct pleasure of working with Ryan. Ryan is a super bright, super motivated individual, who took upon himself to adopt and learn new methods and technology. I was continually impressed by his motivation and enthusiasm throughout. I am happy to provide Ryan with the strongest possible recommendation! Shantanu Gangal Head - Analytics @ Fundbox • Wharton • IIT Bombay • Blackstone September 30, 2014, Marick worked with Shantanu in different groups Shantanu worked as an intern analyst at ZestFinance. Over the summer, he demonstrated exceptional ownership of the problem to identify new statistically significant factors affecting risk. Shantanu constructed hypotheses on new variables and worked in tandem with the software engineer and marketing teams to source and analyze relevant data. Not only was he comfortable processing large amounts of data in the R environment, but he was also fast in picking up machine learning theory. I recall one day when he was disappointed that the new variables being tested showed directionally correct but weak signals. Undaunted by the results, Shantanu reworked through the underlying data and identified legacy issues in how the data was being captured, which were in existence prior to his internship. After solving for this problem, the signal became significant following the refinement. In summary, his project established very viable opportunities to continue improving our flagship model. Shantanu’s ability to retain a business lens while working on an engineering problem makes me confident that he will be an asset to any startup company. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests RDataMining: R and Data Mining 25,913 members Big Data and Analytics 330,681 members Credit Risk Group 97,291 members University of California, Santa Barbara 169,136 followers Quantitative Finance 15,294 members AssetAvenue 1,012 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tiffany has a account Tiffany Li Data Scientist at Metis Metis Northwestern University Chicago, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data scientist with previous experiences in consulting, start-up, research, and finance. Majored in Mathematics and Economics at Northwestern University. Key skills: Machine learning, Python, R, SQL, AWS, Azure ML, Tableau, Pandas, Numpy, Sklearn, Tensorflow, Beautiful Soup, Selenium, Flask.Github: https://github.com/tlidsBlog: https://tlids.github.io/Email: tiffanylids@gmail.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Tiffany’s Activity 565 followers Are Tech Bootcamps Worth It? One Man’s Journey – Towards Data Science – Medium Tiffany liked See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name Metis Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Chicago Area • Metis is an accredited 12-week immersive data science bootcamp focused on Python, statistics, supervised and unsupervised machine learning, data analysis, and visualization techniques• Completed five self-designed data science projects, including data collection, data munging, modeling, deployment, visualization, and presentation. Consultant, Global Transfer Pricing Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater Chicago Area • Determined the strategic pricing of inter-company transactions to optimize global tax strategies for clients • Performed regression analysis using STATA to evaluate intellectual property• Constructed financial models, including profitability benchmarks and cost-allocation models• Conducted comprehensive industry research and client interviews to prepare reports for IRS regulations Summer Intern Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Chicago Area • Global Transfer Pricing Team Research Assistant Company Name Kellogg School of Management Dates Employed May 2013 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos • Research Assistant for Professor Mitchell Petersen at Kellogg MBA Finance Department Strategic Sourcing and Business Operations Intern Company Name HBR Consulting LLC Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Chicago Area • Developed cost reduction strategies through financial modeling using Excel (pivot table, vlookup, data validation) • Analyzed the team’s operational performance and presented the analysis to senior management See more positions Education Northwestern University Field Of Study Mathematical Methods in the Social Sciences, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Data Science Dojo Degree Name Data Science and Data Engineering Bootcamp Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Attended a 5-day intensive Data Science and Data Engineering Bootcamp. The course involves 60+ hours of work covering the following topics:• Data exploration and visualization using R and Microsoft Azure Machine Learning• Building predictive analytics and classifications model, using methods such as decision trees, ensemble, random forest, and regression• Evaluation of model: cross-validation, testing, performance metrics• Text analytics • Recommendation system• A/B testing• Big data engineering: Hadoop, Hive, Spark• Unsupervised learning: k-means clustering • Event ingestion & stream processing• Introduction to NoSQL database• Naive Bayes • Logistic regression• Participation in the Titanic Kaggle Competition Lausanne Collegiate School Degree Name High School Diploma with Academic Honors Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Teacher Company Name Peer Experience Exchange Rostrum Dates volunteered Jul 2012 – Aug 2012 Volunteer duration 2 mos Cause Education • Helped underprivileged students with limited education resources in Guizhou, China as a volunteer teacher. My works included designing and teaching an art seminar, mentoring students, leading field studies and teaching mini-courses. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 8 endorsements for Data Analysis 8 Data Analysis Endorsed by Jonathan Balaban, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Tiffany’s colleagues at Metis Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 5 endorsements for Python 5 Python Endorsed by 4 of Tiffany’s colleagues at Metis Click and drag to reorder skills Data Science See 6 endorsements for Data Science 6 Data Science Endorsed by 5 of Tiffany’s colleagues at Metis Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Jonathan Balaban Senior Data Science Instructor at Metis April 12, 2017, Jonathan was Tiffany’s teacher Tiffany recently graduated from my immersive data science course, and she was a joy to teach. She has strong technical ability and attention to detail, while maintaining a keen sense of her audience and a strong ability to simplify and distill her results. In addition, Tiffany showed leadership and an ability to organize and motivate her class in team-building and extracurricular activities. I highly recommend her! Masa Kato Data Scientist at Metis April 13, 2017, Masa worked with Tiffany in the same group Masa is an extremely bright individual who showed his dedications and great attention to details. He always came up with a creative approach to solve a problem, which is crucial for a data scientist. Not only did he demonstrate his excellent technical skills, he also did a good job explaining his ideas to audiences from all backgrounds. It was a pleasure to work with Masa and I believe that he would be a great asset to his team! Accomplishments Tiffany has 15 courses 15 Expand courses section Courses Accounting and Business Finance Consumer Insights Deterministic Model and Optimization Econometrics Game Theory Industrial Economics International Finance Intro to Psychology Linear Algebra and Vector Calculus Macroeconomics Tiffany has 8 certifications 8 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Analyst Nanodegree Intro to Computer Science (Python) Data Analysis with R Intro to Data Analysis (Python) Intro to HTML & CSS Managing Big Data with MySQL Programming Foundations with Python SQL 2-Day Bootcamp Tiffany has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations International Student Orientation Kappa Phi Lambda Sorority Northwestern F&F Marketing Agency Undergraduate Economic Society Tiffany has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Annual Math Award The Cum Laude Society Dean's List Tiffany has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Tiffany has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Investigate Titanic Dataset in Python Interests Kaggle 30,761 followers The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) 734,649 followers Northwestern Undergraduate Economics Society 42 members Economy 15,707,823 followers Hydrogen Group 63,299 followers Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management 110,620 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amit has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Amit Singh Business Intelligence & Analytics professional providing quantitative and qualitative insight. Jeppesen, a Boeing Company University of Colorado Denver Greater Denver Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Amit is an inquisitive Business Intelligence (BI) and Business Process Management (BPM) professional with 20+ years of increasing responsibility roles. He has led projects in Maritime, Information Technology (IT), Event Management, Real Estate, and Media & Advertising industries.Amit earned Masters in International Business from University of Colorado Denver in 2007. Prior to that, he received a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from State University of New York (SUNY), Maritime College in 1996. Additionally, he was also a U.S. Coast Guard certified Third Officer/3rd Mate, licensed to operate vessels of unlimited tonnage upon oceans.The qualities that define Amit, and help him deliver value are:• See the Big picture in context with the immediate needs• Provide creative solutions for complex business challenges• Collaborate through effective communication• Build meaningful relationships• Learn from each experienceAmit is open to new full-time career opportunities. Organizations that need an accomplished Business Analyst who can draw upon his knowledge of Operations and DevOps to bridge the gap between the two can greatly benefit from his experience. He would also be an excellent fit for high-profile customer facing roles to manage relationships, and foster new ones. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Amit’s Articles & Activity 634 followers Find Your Vector Amit Singh on LinkedIn See all articles Jeppesen And ForeFlight Form Alliance To Deliver Industry Leading Apps and Flight Information To Pilots Worldwide Amit liked See all activity Experience Business Analyst Company Name Jeppesen, a Boeing Company Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Denver Area Business Intelligence Engineer I Company Name National CineMedia (NCM) Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Denver Area Key TakeawaysBridging the gap between Ops and DevOps is an extremely complex task in which Operations’ business needs drives DevOps, and the constantly changing requirements impact the workload, efficiency and the quality of work for both. A Business Analyst (BA) can effectively bridge this gap and create value by doing three things very well1. Know the business model2. Identify precisely what business metrics are needed, and why3. Communicate with Developers in an unambiguous and concise formatA BA therefore, must have excellent analytical and soft skills. Mastering both is not an easy proposition, but having experience in both Ops and DevOps can help.AccomplishmentsProvided Business Intelligence perspective on software development practicesCollaborated with Operations to perform gap analysisLearned Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) principles through direct applicationCreated detailed technical documentations for software development best practicesEnsured quality control in collaboration with Quality Assurance (QA) teamDutiesI performed various DevOps tasks, including• Liaise with Business Analysts to understand existing operational processes• Create new development environments on Virtual Machines (VMs) using SQL Server stack• Manage environment configurations using XML• Environment and Database refresh using PowerShell deployment tool• Application deployment, monitoring and troubleshooting• Branching and version control using Visual Studio w/TFS• Troubleshoot SQL server ETL jobs• Track job failures metrics• Process documentation, including Enterprise architecture, using Visio• Code new features in T-SQL and PowerShell utilizing .NET framework• Perform code reviews• Gather end-user application requirements• Create dashboards using PowerBI• Participate in ideation with cross-functional teams Owner/Manager Company Name Cosmopoliti Estates, LLC Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 8 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Denver Area Key TakeawaysBackground and financial checks can reveal a lot, but they don't always tell the truth about a person you're about to lease a property to. Renters with bankruptcy record can be the best renters, and those with a perfect background on paper can destroy your asset.When it comes to people, established benchmarks should be used only as a general guide. Intuition and experience in noticing subtle details in conversations is the key in delivering value to the customer, as well as protecting your business interests.Duties• Asset management• Contract negotiations• Financials• Risk management• Asset valuation• Marketing & Advertising• Legal undertakings• Property maintenance & code adherence Business Analyst Company Name Aimco Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater Denver Area Key TakeawaysBusiness analysis demands the ability to dig deep into data, and then getting an objective view. And this is just the beginning. Value for the organization is created after the findings are communicated effectively with the stakeholders and decision-makers, and creative strategies are developed with their buy-in.AccomplishmentsProvided subject matter expertise to Executive team on core consumer demographicsCollaborated with Legal & Marketing to devise “test markets” under REIT guidelinesOutlined specific and measurable strategies to meet corporate visionDeveloped KPI dashboard to monitor and control BPM changesDuties• Gather Executive requirements for a ‘Consumer Demographic Dashboard’• Develop an automated dashboard using MS Excel, SQL and VBA• Identify customer profitability and product demand using regression and correlation analyses• Map local area demographics for product customization and Marketing campaigns using GIS• Provide executive reports and suggest strategies to senior management Marketing Research & GIS Manager Company Name National CineMedia (NCM) Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 10 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Denver Area Key TakeawaysTransformative leadership doesn’t always come from the top. Every employee can bring about change in their own capacity that can benefit the entire organization and their customers.AccomplishmentsImplemented Geographic Information Systems (GIS) technology for BI and AnalyticsEstablished benchmarks and best practices for Marketing and product distributionAutomated customer mapping and proximity solutionsDesigned web-based customer interaction toolsDuties• Assist Sales, Operations and Marketing with fact-driven analytics• Design customized mapping solutions• Manage business data See more positions Education University of Colorado Denver Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study International Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 State University of New York Maritime College Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Electrical Engineering with minor in Computer Design Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Member of NROTC and the college tennis team. State University of New York Maritime College Degree Name 3rd Officer, USCG certified, Unlimited Tonnage, Upon Oceans Field Of Study Maritime Operations Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Tennis, NROTC See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 19 endorsements for Business Analysis 19 Business Analysis Endorsed by 9 of Amit’s colleagues at National CineMedia (NCM) Click and drag to reorder skills Lean Software Development See 1 endorsement for Lean Software Development 1 Lean Software Development Carole Ly Sing Lao has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Agile Methodologies See 1 endorsement for Agile Methodologies 1 Agile Methodologies Carole Ly Sing Lao has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (19) Given (0) Ashley Varilek Senior Campaign Specialist at Sojern February 24, 2013, Amit worked with Ashley in the same group Amit is a detail-oriented expert in the cutting-edge Geographic Information Systems and market research future. Amit is both hardworking and dedicated to presenting and educating his analytical findings. He is an irreplaceable individual among the marketing team in his role, but he also shines as a team member. Amit has shown supreme loyalty to NCM as a company and to the Fathom division and marketing, making him all the more distinguished and admirable. His strong aptitude to work as an individual and in a group setting, make him an ideal coworker in any industry. David Gannon Digital Product Marketing Strategist February 23, 2013, Amit worked with David in the same group It will be a sad day when I won't be working with Amit. His professionalism, head-down, data-up approach still impresses and inspires me. He speaks with authority and thoroughness because he actually knows what he's talking about. He's one of the most personable, likable, funny, smart guys I know.I saw him build our massive analytics database from scratch. The company is in a much better place data speaking from the work Amit has done. He has probably saved the company millions, and made them even more, with his data cubes and analysis. He lives and breathes data and analytics.Not too many people leave such a positive, lasting impression as Amit (pronounce Emmet). Workdays are not the same when he is out. Grab this guy if you have the chance. View 17 more recommendations View 17 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Amit has 25 publications 25 Expand publications section Publications Robots Laid Off at Toyota Health Care and Soul Kurt Cobain Curse of Fame Apple Novauris Union Too Late? Memory Conditioning Starts Early Twitter’s New Ads: Consumer First? Craft Beer, Best Buds Bionic Kangaroo: Innovative Leap Meteorite Video Capture: Amazing Possibilities Atomic Clock NIST-F2: So What? Amit has 18 certifications 18 Expand certifications section Certifications Note-Taking for Business Professionals Agile Product Owner Role Business Analysis Foundations: Business Process Modeling Developing Political Savvy Enterprise Agile: Changing Your Culture Managing Project Stakeholders Product Management Foundations Project Management Foundations: Requirements Scrum: The Basics Six Sigma Foundations Amit has 15 courses 15 Expand courses section Courses Becoming an Outlier: Reprogramming the Developer Mind Bringing Agile to IT Operations Business Analysis & Needs Assessment Business Analysis Information Through Elicitation Continuous Integration Creating Effective User Stories DevOps: The Big Picture Entity Framework and Data Models Google Analytics Introduction to Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence Amit has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Customer Demographics Project Data cubes & report automation Developing and Implementing GIS Marketing strategy best practices Amit has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Sanskrit Amit has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization SSUG Interests GIS Professional & Networking 30,353 members GPS/GIS Jobs 40,000 members The Integer Group 17,771 followers Discovery Communications 250,283 followers ESRI UC and Esri events, ArcGIS resources and Tips 2,780 members Learnskillz Ltd 41 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yan has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Yan Yang, PhD Machine Learning Scientist at Amazon Amazon University of California, Berkeley Cambridge, Massachusetts 447 447 connections Please see more details at my website at:http://www5.decf.berkeley.edu/~yxy128/or google: Yan T. Yang and click "I'm feeling lucky" (as of 5/30/2013)*************************************************************I am interested in data and how it can help us improve our lives and see our world in a different perspective.Network and combinatorial optimization, Integer programming, Computational optimization;Design and analysis of optimization algorithms;Data mining;Text mining; andMachine learning: for national security applications and medicine discovery. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Machine Learning Scientist Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Cambridge, Massachusetts Decision Science Consultant at Walt Disney Parks & Resorts Company Name The Walt Disney Company Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Orlando, Florida Area Permanent internal consultant working on media sales projects: 1. Worked with Disney affiliated linear TV networks (ABC, A&E, Freeform) 2. Built real-time predictive models for TV show rating forecasts; and 3. Implemented proposal generation tool based on data to recommend candidate commercial deals for TV networks. Tools used including:Python: numpy, scipy,sklearn, matplotlib etc. packagesSAS with optmodelRTableau Data Scientist Company Name IMATCHATIVE INC. Dates Employed May 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Financial data mining projects consist of:1. Text mining financial documents;2. Comprehensive fund-data clustering and classification; and3. Optimization methods for hedge fund selection.Tools used include:R: plyr, ggplot2 etc. packagesPython: numpy, scipy, sklearn, matplotlib, nltk, rpy etc. packagesIBM SPSS ModelerIBM SPSSVisual Studio 2012ASP.NET MVC 4 Web ApplicationElasticsearchJavascript (D3, AngularJS) Graduate Trainee Company Name US Department of Homeland Security Dates Employed May 2010 – May 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location University of California at Berkeley Domestic Nuclear Threat Security Initiative (DoNuTS) (http://donuts.berkeley.edu/): 1. Video surveillance and video tracking; and2. Nuclear material detection algorithms.(See publications) Phd Candidate Company Name UC Berkeley Dates Employed 2011 – 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Minored in Computer Science and StatisticsDissertation topics: Data Mining and Machine Learning; Advisor: Dorit S. Hochbaum.Interests: Algorithms, Graph Theory, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Nuclear Data Analysis, Biological Data Analysis and Medical Data Analysis. See more positions Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Industrial Engineering and Operations Research Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Minored in Computer Science and StatisticsDissertation topics: Data Mining and Machine Learning; Advisor: Dorit S. Hochbaum University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Master Field Of Study Industrial Engineering and Operations Research Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Cornell University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Applied and Engineering Physics; Dual Majored in Operations Research and Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Dean’s Honor Lists every semester See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Tutor Company Name Lansing Residential Center Dates volunteered Sep 2005 – Aug 2007 Volunteer duration 2 yrs Cause Children Lansing Residential Center is a juvenile correctional facility. The responsibilities of volunteer tutor including: (1-2 hours/week during the study hall period in a classroom)1. Tutored math, history, sciences to L-unit (30 girls,11-17 yrs, sentenced by NY family courts); and 2. Assisted with academic works which, upon completion, increased chance toward early release. Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 28 endorsements for Machine Learning 28 Machine Learning Endorsed by Mark Faridani, PhD and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Yan’s colleagues at iMatchative Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 30 endorsements for Data Mining 30 Data Mining Endorsed by Mark Faridani, PhD and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Yan’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 25 endorsements for Algorithms 25 Algorithms Endorsed by Vinay Sanjekar and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Yan’s colleagues at iMatchative Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Jose Bergiste Manager, Data Services at Disney Parks & Resorts November 16, 2016, Yan worked with Jose in the same group Yan is a world-class data scientist. We worked together on integrating several optimization and prediction problems at Disney over the last couple of years. Since many of his models ran in real-time, he would always make himself available to actively solve any technical problems that occurred in Production. In addition to being a great self-starter, he worked very well as part of a team! Jose Bergiste Manager, Data Services at Disney Parks & Resorts November 17, 2016, Jose worked with Yan in the same group Jose is one the best people for designing complex analytic systems. He had a strong technical know-how and a clear communication style. I had the pleasure working with him for the past couple of years. Moreover he knows a lot about the best practices of software development. Accomplishments Yan has 12 courses 12 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Analysis of Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Applied Stochastic Process I Applied Stochastic Process II Biostatistical Methods: Computational Statistics with Applications in Biology and Medicine Integer programing & combinatorial optimization Mathematical programming I Mathematical programming II Network flows & graphs Special topics: data mining Yan has 10 honors 10 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards University of California at Berkeley, Industrial Engineering and Operations Research Department Summer Fellowship University of California at Berkeley, Industrial Engineering and Operations Research Department Summer Fellowship National Science Foundation Graduate Scholarship – Honorable Mention LeaderShape Award of Cornell University by Engineering College for Teaching Academic Excellence Workshop Omega Rho Honor Society for Operations Research and Management Science Tau Beta Pi – The Engineering Honor Society (Officer: Recording Secretary) The National Society of Collegiate Scholars Cornell Applied and Engineering Physics Society (Officer: the Underclass Representative) The Richard V.V. Stringham College Scholarships from CFCU Bausch and Lomb Honorary Science Award Yan has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications A new approach for real-time target tracking in videos Ranking of Multidimensional Drug Profiling Data by Fractional Adjusted Bi-Partitional Scores The Supervised Normalized Cut Method for Detecting, Classifying and Identifying Special Nuclear Materials Yan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Interests Disney Parks & Resorts Digital 13,260 followers Engineering@Cornell University 4,920 members Visa 354,946 followers Groupon 219,904 followers Pandora 114,203 followers Synchrony Financial 49,713 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Solano Ph.D., PE, Research Software Engineer / Data Scientist at Point Inside Point Inside North Carolina State University Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Research Engineer / Data Scientist working in the retail industry analyzing recommender systems, mobile sales attribution analysis, association rule learning, information retrieval and other problems using Spark and Scala in combination with machine learning algorithms (MLlib), linear algebra, probability theory and other mathematical tools applied to Big Data. More than 20 years of experience applying his training in mathematical modeling and computer sciences and his experience with multiple information technology tools to manage and execute projects in diverse scientific and engineering areas. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Eric’s Activity 888 followers The power of diversity in you! Sometimes we don't realize how much impact we can have in our students. This message from a former student encourages me to keep teaching even when English is not my native language. If I can do this, everybody can also learn to code. Eric liked See all activity Experience Research Software Engineer / Data Scientist Company Name Point Inside Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area Use cutting-edge technologies including Spark, Hadoop, Map/Reduce, MLlib, Mahout, probability theory, statistics, math modeling, etc., to help mobile shoppers search, plan, and complete their in-store shopping trips with Point Inside’s digital in-store product location solutions. Media (1) This position has 1 media Engage shoppers in-store via mobile - Point Inside Engage shoppers in-store via mobile - Point Inside This media is a link Data Analyst / Data Scientist Company Name Independent Consultant Dates Employed May 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area - Explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources - Discover what companies currently do not know about their data - Identify use cases - Obtain predictive insight from data - Communicate relevant business stories from data - Identify subtle factors that can have a big impact on a company’s bottom line Research Analyst / Mathematical Modeler Company Name RTI International Dates Employed Aug 1999 – May 2015 Employment Duration 15 yrs 10 mos Location RTP, NC + Data analysis for the energy industry. Designed methodologies for electric power load forecasting using agent-based model simulations and synthetic populations that could help develop a new electric forecasting paradigm. Collected, manipulated and analyzed data from different sources, structures and nature: energy consumption data, weather data, energy pricing data, etc. Used: Repast, R, SAS, QGIS, MySQL. + Preventing and Screening for Cancer. Designed and developed micro-simulations, risk assessment models, incidence and prevalence models, Gompertz growth models, natural history models, screening models, and treatment models. Used: Repast, R. + System Reliability Model for Solid State Lighting (SSL) Luminaires.Used mathematical and statistical models to analyze luminosity intensity of Light Emitting Diode (LED) luminaires. Analyzed failure data collected from literature and from independent analyses. Used SAS and R environments to perform regression analyses and survival analyses. + Hepatitis A vaccination models. Developed a Compartmental “Susceptible-Exposed-Infected-Recovered (SEIR)” model in MATLAB to study the effectiveness of hepatitis A vaccination. + Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) Decision Support ToolDeveloped a quantitative framework to aid in decision making for integrated MSW management. Developed the core mathematical model. Used linear programming (CPLEX and COIN-OR), object oriented programming in VB.NET, life cycle assessment, engineering economics, modeling to generate alternatives, multi-objective programming, etc. Research Assistant Company Name North Carolina State University Dates Employed Aug 1994 – Jul 1999 Employment Duration 5 yrs Developed a quantitative framework to aid in decision making for integrated municipal solid waste (MSW) management. Developed the mathematical model to solve problem that caused the previous models to be time-consuming and overly complex. The model uses a flexible framework to represent many site-specific issues and considerations. It incorporates both cost and environmental objectives. The environmental objectives are defined in terms of life cycle inventories of energy and emissions (of carbon monoxide, fossil- and biomass-derived carbon dioxide, nitrogen oxides, sulfur oxides, particulate matter [PM], and PM10) and greenhouse gases) associated with MSW management strategies. The application of this model was demonstrated through realistic hypothetical case studies. Several MSW management scenarios of typical interest to U.S. municipalities were studied. Through these illustrative applications, the flexibility and capabilities of the model were demonstrated. Education North Carolina State University Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Civil/Systems Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Student Chapter of the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers (SHPE). I worked on my Civil and Environmental Engineering Ph.D. degree with an emphasis in Systems Analysis, Mathematical Modeling, Operations Research and the design and building of Decision Support Tools. North Carolina State University Degree Name M.Sc. Field Of Study Civil/Environmental Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Student Chapter of the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers (SHPE). I worked on my Civil and Environmental Engineering Ph.D. degree with an emphasis in Systems Analysis, Mathematical Modeling, Operations Research and the design and building of Decision Support Tools. Volunteer Experience Worker Company Name Hearts And Hammers Dates volunteered Mar 2016 – Mar 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Poverty Alleviation Through my local church and in association with other churches and temples, Hearts and Hammers dedicated a weekend to help disadvantaged local residents with their home improvement tasks, including, yard work, minor repairs, etc. Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 45 endorsements for R 45 R Endorsed by Nikhil Garge, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Eric’s colleagues at Point Inside Click and drag to reorder skills Mathematical Modeling See 32 endorsements for Mathematical Modeling 32 Mathematical Modeling Endorsed by Tim Hopper, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Eric’s colleagues at Point Inside Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 35 endorsements for Analysis 35 Analysis Endorsed by Lisa C. Strader, MPH, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Eric’s colleagues at RTI International Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (3) Quentin Hurd Tech PM and BI Professional November 12, 2015, Eric was senior to Quentin but didn’t manage directly Among the most intelligent and thoughtful senior leaders I have ever had the privilege to work with is Dr. Eric Solano. A consummate professional and emanate expert in his field, Eric's candor, confidence and collaboration abilities align in a well seasoned mix of thoughtful inventor and astute responsible leader and steward of team responsibility. Under Eric's leadership, I was able to find my sweet spot and grow tremendously. Eric made a marked positive difference on the team dynamics and outcomes were able to achieve. Eric supports his team by building a rock-steady foundation from which we are able to quickly effect results. After several key project wins and on time delivery of key analytic projects, I saw previous barriers/limits from prior projects soon erased while he layered in a whole new depth and breath of capability in our Data Science offering. Eric supported his seniors leaders with style and class by always ensuring they were happy and his transparency and drive for top-tier results helped all of us succeed. I look forward to a bright continued future ahead under Eric's leadership and would envy anyone who has a chance to work with Eric on any Data Science / Optimization projects. Sunil Rao Experienced Digital Analytics Professional May 8, 2008, Eric worked with Sunil in the same group I've worked closely with Eric on several projects. He is highly skilled engineer with expertise in various domains including object oriented software design, simulation and optimization and relational database design. He is known to suggest unique solutions to very complex design problems. I've learned a lot about software design from him while working on projects. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Quentin Hurd Tech PM and BI Professional September 22, 2016, Quentin worked with Eric in the same group I had the opportunity to meet Quentin at Pactera Technology in 2015 when we worked together in a number of data science and advanced analytics projects. He demonstrated great communication skills to effectively convey vision, ideas, goals, and issues. He uses many tools in a very effective manner to produce reports and presentations. He showed great leadership and was able to deliver timely and with the best quality. Quentin excelled at administering and coordinating groups of individuals by promoting teamwork, delegating tasks, resolving conflicts, setting goals, and evaluating performance. Tanwir Danish Product Management Executive Specializing in Cloud-based Enterprise SaaS Products & Applications November 8, 2010, Eric was senior to Tanwir but didn’t manage directly Tanwir worked under my supervision in a project to improve the technologies behind the Municipal Solid Waste Decision Support Tool (MSW DST). This tool uses a flexible framework to represent many MSW related site-specific issues and considerations. It incorporates both cost and environmental objectives. The environmental objectives are defined in terms of life cycle inventories of energy and emissions (e.g.carbon dioxide, nitrogen oxides, sulfur oxides, particulate matter) associated with MSW management strategies (https://mswdst.rti.org). Tanwir was instrumental in the success of the tool migration from legacy software to the .NET platform. He used sophisticated object oriented programming tools for the creation of user friendly Graphical User Interfaces (GUI). He demonstrated high technical skills, leadership and high ethical values and was always able to deliver good quality products on a timely manner. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Eric has 9 publications 9 Expand publications section Publications An agent-based model to support measuring drug choice and switch between drug types in rural populations. Coupling models by routing communication through a database. Multi-objective linear programming optimization for waste management simulation. Agent-based model (ABM) validation considerations. Sharing research models: Using software engineering practices for facilitation. Research Brief: Methods for Assessing Vulnerability of Critical Infrastructure. Life-cycle-based solid waste management. I: Model development. Life-cycle-based solid waste management. II: Illustrative applications. Decision support tool for life-cycle-based solid waste management Eric has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Advanced MATLAB® Programming Techniques. The Mathworks ™Training Services. RTI International, RTP, NC. April 23, 2008. Design & Implementation Strategies for New Commercial Buildings. North Carolina State University, Raleigh, NC. May 10-14, 2010 (35 Contact Hours). High-Performance Computing for Computational Science Professionals collaborating with Biologists. National Institute for Mathematical and Biological Synthesis (NIMBioS), University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN. March 16-18, 2009. IT Project Management Process Training. RTI University. RTI International, RTP, NC. November 8, 2007. Eric has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Data Science Specialization (Johns Hopkins University) Diplomate in Water Resources Engineering Professional Engineer Certification Eric has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Spanish Eric has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Solid State Lighting Research Project. SCS Engineers Scholarship Award for Solid Waste Management as part of the Grant H. Flint Scholarships Eric has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization American Society of Civil Engineers Eric has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Municipal Solid Waste Management Project Interests Data Science Community 15,310 members Los Alamos National Laboratory 30,385 followers Allscripts 65,879 followers Coursera Specialization - Data Science 8,025 members Oracle 2,119,847 followers RTI International 46,869 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Schmidt VP of Product at MDSave, Inc.. Founder of Double-Loop. MDSave, Inc. University of California, Berkeley San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I love managing the development of complex information platforms, bridging the divide between the technical and non-technical, and product development theory. I organize my thoughts on product management at productlogic.org. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Daniel’s Articles 597 followers The Fundamental Tension in Product Daniel Schmidt on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 26, 2017 See all articles Experience VP of Product Management Company Name MDSave, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Founder Company Name Double-Loop (side project) Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Double-Loop (my side project) is a tool for recording the history of your product. Recording expected impacts and results for each launch will transform how your company learns. Signup to be an early user and help shape the direction of the app. Media (1) This position has 1 media Double-Loop 1.0 Double-Loop 1.0 This media is a link Head of Product Management Company Name GoodGuide, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos GoodGuide was acquired by UL in 2012. Leads product for (A) the GoodGuide web site and mobile app that provides consumers information on the health, environmental, and social performance products and companies, and (B) the UL PurView Platform that is utilized by retailers such as Target to measure the sustainability of their supply chain. Senior Product Manager Company Name CBS Interactive Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Product manager for (1) CNET's community & social media strategy, (2) CNET News site, (3) CNET home page, and (4) content management systems for CNET and CBSNews.com.Launched redesigns of the the CNET and CNET News home pages; launched the CNET river, developed and evangelized CNET's social strategy. Product Manager Company Name CNET Networks Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Developed new CNET Product Finders and launched in 7 categories. Developed and launched new proprietary content management system supporting CNET and CBSNews.com editorial publishing. See more positions Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Coursework in cognitive science, computer science, philosophy of logic, with a particular interest in the writings of Ludwig Wittgenstein. Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Management See 45 endorsements for Product Management 45 Product Management Endorsed by Bernie McGinn and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Daniel’s colleagues at MDsave, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills User Experience See 25 endorsements for User Experience 25 User Experience Endorsed by 3 of Daniel’s colleagues at MDsave, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Product Development See 15 endorsements for Product Development 15 Product Development Endorsed by Jennifer Vescio, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Daniel’s colleagues at CBS Interactive Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (6) Lan Nguyen Growth at NerdWallet July 22, 2015, Lan reported directly to Daniel Dan is the definition of a leader. He excels at piecing together all the elements of the product / business, synthesizing them into a product vision, and leading a motley crew to get there. Dan has a super even-keeled personality that made him the invaluable glue and center of the team. His ability to negotiate with strong, diverse personalities and rally all the stakeholders around a clear set of business and product priorities, even during tense situations, is unparalleled. Dan has an uncanny ability to step away from a specific situation, reason at a more abstract philosophical / values level, and then zoom back in to identify the decisive action we should take at that moment in time. I'm not sure if that makes sense but in essence, you could always trust that Dan's decisions came from a solid, extremely thoughtful and logical place. Dan is always calm but strong and decisive when driving forward the execution of product. As my direct manager and mentor, Dan was awesome in a lot of ways:- He struck the perfect balance between guidance / direction vs. giving me independence.- I always felt empowered and supported when bringing new ideas to the table.- He always gave clear high-level context before giving me a project or problem to solve.- He wouldn't hesitate to jump in and work through some details with you if you asked.- He's just a nice person who is easy to talk to. C.J. Neff Listener. Synthesizer. Doer. June 2, 2015, Daniel worked with C.J. in the same group Daniel is a truly exceptional product manager. He is able to gather and synthesize data from many sources and prioritize which features make the most sense to build first. He is particularly adept at identifying which set of features can be leveraged across the widest array of circumstances and building those first; thus, effectively, building the best product with the smallest investment in the shortest amount of time. He is methodical and passionate and brings an incredible amount of value to a team. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Lan Nguyen Growth at NerdWallet July 30, 2015, Daniel managed Lan directly Lan is a true “product” thinker who can break down barriers to achieve results. If you’re looking for a sharp, passionate, up-and-coming product manager, look no further than Lan. I believe she’s rapidly growing to be one of the best in the industry.As her manager at GoodGuide, I saw her relentlessly focus on our company’s key objective: achieving product-market fit for GoodGuide’s website and mobile app. Towards that end, Lan tenaciously peeled back the layers of a complex scientific rating system, devised an innovative user testing strategy, filled in data/editorial gaps, and devised a roadmap for validating/invalidating products hypotheses through A/B testing. Not afraid to get her hands dirty, Lan epitomizes the critical product management function of “filling white space.” Her work led to dramatically improved user engagement numbers, leading to increased revenue through ad sales.Beyond her skills as a product manager, Lan is a strong, positive force in the workplace. She raises the bar for the team around her. She’s not afraid to ruffle feathers to get important points across, yet she also recognizes when it’s time to be flexible or build consensus. I would love to have opportunity to work with Lan again. C.J. Neff Listener. Synthesizer. Doer. June 19, 2015, C.J. worked with Daniel in the same group I believe the most valuable engineers are the few who, in addition to their programming skills, can evaluate their work from the perspective of design and business strategy. CJ is a prime example of this. He is a productive heads down contributor with a rare ability to zoom out and understand the full context. This enables him to deliver work with the highest business and user value, while helping the company crystalize its vision.As product manager, CJ made me more effective. For example, I was the PM of a project to implement a new payment system for which CJ was the lead engineer. I was new to the payment space. CJ was able to run with the guidance I provided, but then bubble up key requirements questions and their business implications that I had not recognized upfront. This allowed us to be very strategic in building a system that ultimately proved to meet objectives. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Daniel has 6 patents 6 Expand patents section Patents TECHNIQUES FOR RANKING CONTENT BASED ON SOCIAL MEDIA METRICS SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR GENERATING PAGES OF CONTENT SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR TARGETING CONTENT BASED ON FILTER ACTIVITY SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR PRESENTING FILTER OPTIONS TO A USER BASED ON ONGOING MONITORING OF FILTER SELECTIONS SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR INCORPORATING USER INPUT INTO FILTER-BASED NAVIGATION OF AN ELECTRONIC CATALOG SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR TRACKING FILTER ACTIVITY AND MONITORING TRENDS ASSOCIATED WITH SAID ACTIVITY Interests Future Realities, brought to you by Dassault Systèmes 35,855 members Charlene LiCharlene Li is a LinkedIn Influencer Helping leaders thrive with disruption as a Principal Analyst at Altimeter, a Prophet Company 231,990 followers University of California, Berkeley 498,458 followers GoodGuide, Inc. 799 followers The College Preparatory School (Oakland, CA) 1,112 members Pulse 1,535,240 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John McDonnell Data Science Manager at Stitch Fix Stitch Fix New York University San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Website/Publications: http://jvmcd.nlGithub: github.com/johnmcdonnell Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} John’s Activity 1,151 followers Your Company’s Culture is Who You Hire, Fire, & Promote John liked Mueller a solid choice to lead Russia investigation. If he's interfered with, he'll quit. If Trump clearable, he'll credibly clear him. John liked ‪Shakedown by Nigerian military outside Abuja. Delay ensues when I don't pay them. Driver strongly suggests I not take their picture. 🤔‬ John liked a comment The Secret to Stitch Fix's Success Story John liked Find a Career that Looks Good on You! John liked The barriers women face are a problem, but an even bigger problem may be the lack of barriers faced by mediocre men. John liked See all activity Experience Acquisition & Site Personalization Company Name Stitch Fix Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Manager of data science, Oct 2015–PresentData scientist, Jan 2015–Oct 2015I've manage a team of 4 outstanding data scientists to build out two related groups of capabilities within the Stitch Fix algorithms team: Acquisition and Site Personalization.Our mission at Stitch Fix is to form strong long-term relationships with clients as we transform the way they find what they love. To do this, my team works to identify the needs of potential clients, optimize paid acquisition efforts to send the right message to the right prospects, and customize the landing page to provide personalized experience for visitors. Our toolset includes R and Python with models productionized on Spark and Docker.Major focuses for my team:• Customer segmentation: Where is our product market fit? How can we better personalize the Stitch Fix experience?• Marketing incrementality: What is the bottom line contribution of our marketing spend? How should we spend differently?• Targeting: How can we identify promising leads and send the right message to the right prospect?• Site personalization: How can we show the right web experience to each client?• Funnel optimization: How can we improve the onboarding experience?• Style tiles: How can we customize the fix experience to each client? Data Scientist, Risk Modeling Company Name Square Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area I employed cutting-edge machine learning techniques and leveraged Square's HDFS infrastructure to prototype and deploy robust real-time anti-fraud systems. Square's risk loss was industry best and it was a privilege to work with this team.I also headed up projects to use smart real-time decision-making systems to improve customer experience in new and innovative ways. One example was work proving out the feasibility of Square's Chargeback Protection program which, once launched, nearly eliminated a top-5 source of customer churn. Fellow Company Name Insight Data Science Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Mountain View, CA – Built a system for predicting real estate trends in New York City with a webapp frontend.– Targeted neighborhood-level data using econometric forecasting in R.– Designed and launched a consumer-targeted web app using MySQL, Python, and d3.js for visualizing neighborhood trends and directing users to purchasing opportunities. Research Scientist Company Name NYU Computational Cognition Lab Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location New York At our lab we were reverse-engineering natural intelligence by modeling it with artificial intelligence. This was probably the most unique combination of challenges I'll ever face.– Constructed Bayesian probabilistic models in R and Python aimed at quantifying cognitive theories, recognized by a modeling prize at CogSci 2013.– Led development of PsiTurk, a Python web framework for crowdsourcing behavioral experiments on Amazon’s Mechanical Turk platform, presented at CogSci 2013 (available at github.com/NYUCCL/PsiTurk). This removed data collection as a bottleneck to lab productivity.– Mentored four undergraduate RAs, supervising and instructing them as they conducted experiments and performed data analysis used in our studies.– Taught scientific computing and research methods to undergraduates and doctoral students, including linear algebra (SVD and applications), probabilistic models, and experiment design. Web Editor Company Name Steps Magazine (McGill Arts Undergraduate production) Dates Employed Oct 2006 – May 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Montreal Built and maintained the website (including a light backend) for a student literary magazine. I was also a regular contributor. See more positions Education New York University Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Psychology - Cognition and Perception Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Activities and Societies: NYU Computational Cognition Lab McGill University Degree Name B.A.&.Sc. Field Of Study Cognitive Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Founder/President Cognitive Science student society, Steps Magazine web editor Archbishop Murphy Volunteer Experience Mentor Company Name Insight Data Science Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 5 mos Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 48 endorsements for R 48 R Endorsed by Tatsiana Maskalevich and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of John’s colleagues at Stitch Fix Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 44 endorsements for Python 44 Python Endorsed by Christopher Moody and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of John’s colleagues at Stitch Fix Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 46 endorsements for Data Analysis 46 Data Analysis Endorsed by Jeffrey Strickland, Ph.D., CMSP and 22 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of John’s colleagues at Stitch Fix Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments John has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Modeling Prize: Higher-order cognition MacCracken Fellowship for Graduate Studies John has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages French German John has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications psiTurk: An open-source framework for conducting replicable behavioral experiments online Evaluating Amazon's Mechanical Turk as a Tool for Experimental Behavioral Research John has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project PsiTurk Interests Stitch Fix 24,414 followers New York University School of Law 67,490 followers Hacker News 12,743 members Human Factors 16,707 members Cognitive Modeling 3,792 members New York University School of Law 68,101 followers See all See all following
More Actions Balaji has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Balaji Krishnapuram Data Scientist. Entrepreneur. General Chair KDD2016 IBM Duke University Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I lead teams that develop transformative solutions for the health care and life science industries based on machine learning & related technologies.Technologies: Big Data, Machine Learning, Image Processing, Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, Information Extraction.Products: Computer Aided Detection/Diagnosis, Personalized Therapy Selection, Evidence-Based Care, Patient Self-Management, Care-Team Coordination, Team Documentation, Pharmacovigilance, Real World Evidence, Comparative Effectiveness, Health Economics Outcomes research, Drug discovery. NOTE: We are hiring a large number of data scientists and software engineers. Please email me if you are interested! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Balaji’s Articles & Activity 2,547 followers Evolving ACM SIGKDD to become the professional body for Data Science Balaji Krishnapuram on LinkedIn See 1 more article In situ Intelligence - Deep learning through Python, running inside SQL server 2017 Balaji liked Joe’s photo Balaji liked Azure Cosmos DB: The industry’s first globally-distributed, multi-model database service Balaji liked See all activity Experience Director & Distinguished Engineer, Watson Health Company Name IBM Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Cambridge, MA I lead the development of several analytics products delivering "insights as a service"​ to healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies and medical device manufacturers. A demo of a product recently developed by our team is below Media (2) This position has 2 media Leveraging Data & Knowledge to Transform Healthcare (HIMSS CIO Summit, Valencia, Spain 2015) Leveraging Data & Knowledge to Transform Healthcare (HIMSS CIO Summit, Valencia, Spain 2015) This media is a document Watson Health Population Analytics solution Watson Health Population Analytics solution This media is a video General Chair Company Name ACM SIGKDD 2016 Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location San Francisco I'm grateful to a large team of co-organizers, volunteers, sponsors, and attendees for making the KDD 2016 conference a success.Outcomes1. Attendance grew 40% to 2790 attendees from 88 countries. 2. Corporate Sponsorships of $743k, grew by almost 200% from previous record.3. Supported over 250 students, minorities, and other volunteers with free registration, travel support, etc4. Matched 234 candidates with 27 companies for a total of 3454 job matches (median of 126 candidates per company).5. Expanded impact of KDD beyond the on-site attendees to reach much a larger global community of data scientists. Youtube channel content has 1000+ subscribers and 100k+ unique views as of 11/17/2016. Innovations1. New Track: Total of 60 slots for VC office hours with 6 leading venture capitalists2. New Track: 8 Hands on tutorials helped participants understand how to deploy advanced tools and technologies at work 3. Free access to all content online4. We host 2 minute Videos, Code, Slides and other content associated with paper online. This makes the technical content more accessible to a much larger, global community of practitioners who may otherwise find the papers difficult to implement or use at work. Past contributions: 1. As the associate general chair of KDD-2010 I introduced the Industry Practice Invited Talk track. By 2016 this was the most highly attended track of the conference with over 33% of the attendees for most of the duration of the conference. 2. As sponsorships chair, I raised over $1M for KDD between 2010 and 2015. 3. Mohak Shah & I started an experimental mentoring/networking session at KDD 2014 that has grown over the last 2 years to become a central venue for professional networking. Media (2) This position has 2 media KDD2016 video channel on Youtube KDD2016 video channel on Youtube This media is a link Evolution of the KDD community Evolution of the KDD community This media is a link Entrepreneur, Health Services Innovation Center. Company Name Siemens Medical Solutions Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos I led a group that incubated/launched new businesses for the Health Services Division of Siemens Healthcare.I had P&L responsibility for a software product that enabled researchers to mine clinical data across a large number of hospitals in several countries to develop personalized medicine products. Using this platform we created software for personalized therapy selection for non-small cell lung cancer patients. Siemens licensed the commercial software product-line to Varian in Jan 2014. We also developed two new HIT products that a) automated the creation of discharge summaries and b) improved medication management for patients. In addition we developed the IP Strategy for the company including revenue generation from IP monetization. Principal Scientist Company Name Siemens Medical Solutions Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 10 yrs 3 mos I led groups that developed & commercialized products in three broad areas. 1. Our group developed several computer aided diagnosis (CAD) products that automatically identify early stage cancer of the Breast, Lung, and Colon based on X-ray, and CT images. These systems help radiologists improve their sensitivity of detecting early stage cancers by up to 30%. 2. We developed products that personalized therapy for rectal cancer & non small-cell lung cancer by predicting & optimizing outcomes as a function of the treatment for each patient. 3. We developed products that improved documented adherence to best-practice treatment guidelines. In particular we developed data mining systems that combine all available structured and unstructured data for a patient, to identify & eliminate gaps in care & documentation. These systems help hospitals achieve >95% documented compliance with best-practice treatment-guidelines (compared to national averages of 54%), while reducing the staff required for data collection by 50%. Media (2) This position has 2 media Machine Learning for Computer Aided Detection of Cancers Machine Learning for Computer Aided Detection of Cancers This media is a document Rapid Learning Health Systems: Challenges & Technical Solutions Rapid Learning Health Systems: Challenges & Technical Solutions This media is a document Associate General Chair Company Name ACM SIGKDD 2010 Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Started in 1989, KDD is the oldest & largest data mining conference worldwide. We pioneered “Big Data”, “Data Science”, and “Predictive Analytics” solutions before these names existed – some of the first & most highly cited research papers on these topics were published in our conference. Other notable innovations that originated in our conference include crowd sourcing; Large scale data mining competitions with over 10,000 participants, personalized advertising eg. on Google, graph mining algorithms that power Facebook & LinkedIn, and recommender systems used by Netflix, Amazon etc. After 25 years and an explosive growth in this industry, we are still the home for the latest cutting-edge research in these topics.I started the Industry Practice track of invited talks @ KDD 2010. See more positions Education Duke University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Electrical Engg (machine learning, signal processing, Bioinformatics) Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2004 Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur Degree Name B Tech Field Of Study Electrical Engg Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 154 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Claudia Perlich and 29 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 22 of Balaji’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 128 endorsements for Data Mining 99+ Data Mining Endorsed by Gregory Piatetsky-Shapiro and 27 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Balaji’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 76 endorsements for Algorithms 76 Algorithms Endorsed by Martin Szummer and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Balaji’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (5) Louise Ebbert, MHA Senior Consutant at NOVA Clinical Research Services December 18, 2012, Balaji worked with Louise in the same group Balaji is a kind wonderful human being who provides respect, intellect and humility to problem solving in the workplace. His collaborative approach to working as a supportive team member made my days of working with him educational and inspirational in reaching the best solutions for the whole. Any meeting with his involvement was one that I enjoyed because he made even the toughest issues manageable. He is a wonderful unique human being and it was an honor to have had the privilege of working with him. Lucian Lita Data Science & Engineering Advisor March 16, 2009, Balaji worked with Lucian in the same group Balaji is truly a machine learning expert. He has an encyclopedic knowledge and phenomenal understanding of machine-learning and related research areas, as well as a sharp business focus. One of his core strengths is his ability to distill complex implicit requirements into their fundamental research challenges. He is a passionate advocate of "doing things right" and is always ready to ask the tough questions that need to be asked. Brilliant analytical mind and one of the best researchers I know. Bharti Dadhich, CSM® Senior Manager, Application Ownership at InComm March 1, 2017, Bharti worked with Balaji in the same group Bharti and I were colleagues at Siemens Healthcare, when she was a configuration manager. She was technically adept, worked hard with long hours and was super responsive to the needs of our product development teams. She was truly a wonderful partner to the dev teams. I would love to work with her again in the future. I recommend her highly to your organization! Karunakar Anantharam Technical Project Manager at Cerner Corporation June 9, 2015, Balaji was senior to Karunakar but didn’t manage directly Karun is an excellent project manager / scrum master. He manages risks, schedules, and resources very effectively to consistently achieve on time, on budget releases of complex software with geographically distributed developments. He is always a go-to person to manage the toughest projects and the most complex situations. He is also a wonderful team mate who steps up to any tasks that need additional help. He possesses strong coding and design skills, which further increase his effectiveness. I have the highest regard for Karun and would love to work with him again. I'm sure he would be a strong leader and a true asset for your organization. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Balaji has 17 patents 17 Expand patents section Patents Gene signature of early hypoxia to predict patient survival Gene signature of early hypoxia to predict patient survival Automated Patient/Document Identification and Categorization For Medical Data Automatic Processing of Handwritten Physician Orders Computer-Based Patient Management for Healthcare Computerized Surveillance of Medical Treatment Gene signature of early hypoxia to predict patient survival Healthcare Information Technology System for Predicting and Preventing Adverse Events Healthcare Information Technology System for Predicting or Preventing Readmissions Knowledge-based proliferation signatures and methods of use Balaji has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Cost-Sensitive Machine Learning Proceedings of the 16th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining Full list of publications Interests Predictive Modeling News 2,304 members Startup Recruitment Forum 1,481 members Hardcore Data Science and Data Engineering 1,115 members UBIQUITOUS NETWORKS - Internet of Things, Internet of People for a Sustainable Future and beyond 398 members IBM 3,427,681 followers David KennyDavid Kenny is a LinkedIn Influencer SVP, IBM Watson & IBM Cloud 101,453 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ben has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Ben Hamner Kaggle Co-founder & CTO Kaggle Duke University San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Want to help the world learn from its data? I'm hiring at Kaggle: https://kaggle.com/careers See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ben’s Articles 3,377 followers Making Kaggle the Home of Open Data Ben Hamner on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 29, 2016 See all articles Experience Co-founder & CTO Company Name Kaggle Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Whitaker Fellow Company Name École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Lausanne Area, Switzerland I worked in Jose Millan's lab as part of the team developing brain-controlled devices. This included a brain-controlled wheelchair and a brain-controlled telepresence robot, with applications targeted towards patients with severe neuromuscular disabilities. These devices enabled the user to navigate purely through their thoughts, with no muscular activity whatsoever.As a part of this, I focused on developing robust & reliable signal processing & probabilistic machine learning techniques to learn a subject's neural patterns and use those as control signals in order to drive the wheelchair and telepresence robot. Associate Engineer Company Name Medtronic Dates Employed May 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 4 mos Software Engineering Intern Company Name Cisco Dates Employed May 2008 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 5 mos Education Duke University Degree Name B.S.E. Field Of Study Biomedical Engineering, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Ecole polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne Degree Name Whitaker Fellow Field Of Study Bioengineering and Biomedical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 159 endorsements for Machine Learning 99+ Machine Learning Endorsed by Ian Goodfellow and 32 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Ben’s colleagues at Kaggle Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 114 endorsements for Python 99+ Python Endorsed by Peter Wang and 21 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ben’s colleagues at Kaggle Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 96 endorsements for Data Mining 96 Data Mining Endorsed by Abhishek Thakur and 14 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ben’s colleagues at Kaggle Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ben has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Machine Learning competitions Interests Dell EMC 734,189 followers Competitive Data Miners 64 members Duke Engineering - Pratt School of Engineering 3,491 members Jason CalacanisJason Calacanis is a LinkedIn Influencer entrepreneur, angel investor, writer, father and talk show host. 316,576 followers Hardcore Data Science and Data Engineering 1,115 members Airbnb 359,384 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joshua has a account Joshua Weaver, Ph.D. Data Scientist | Product Leader Amazon Seattle Pacific University Seattle, Washington 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data scientist with proven talent for achieving success using innovative and established techniques; whether it is prototyping a machine learning model, doing psychometrics on the fly, or selling executives on the value and virtues of data. I am able to work with a variety of data, think scientifically about problems, effectively evangelize data science and machine learning products, keenly understand end-user needs, and visualize findings in an accessible manner. I do my best work when I am connecting with multiple parts of a business, demonstrating and evangelizing data science and machine learning, and creating integrative solutions that solve multiple and disparate business problems. Core skills are in statistics, research methods/design, machine learning, business strategy, and product management.My current personal technology stack consists of Python R SPSSSQL Tableau Alteryx See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Joshua’s Activity 2,141 followers This is an American Workday, By Occupation Joshua liked “There’s still the impression that creating graphics or visualizations is really just making pretty pictures and the real stuff you need to do can be done through analysis,” says Autodesk researcher Justin Matejka, who wrote the paper with fellow researcher George Fitzmaurice. “Even if you’re very good at statistics, you might miss something.” Joshua shared this See all activity Experience Marketing Analytics Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Seattle, Washington Consultant Company Name self-employed Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Currently beginning an engagement with FUSE Washington to help them marketing and research analytics.Key Accomplishments:➡ worked with Helper.io to create and validate a generalised employee selection assessment. Work included validation analyses, research report write up, and technical documentation.➡ Assisted CleverNudge, a context-as-a-service start-up, with strategic product development including developing a feature taxonomy, consulting on website design, product voice, and creating product documentation for investors and sales persons.➡ Delivered a balanced scorecard for the hospitalist division Evergreen hospital.➡ Delivered a performance management tool for the executive director at the Snohomish YMCA➡ Led branding and marketing efforts for the Center for Leadership Research and Development➡ Developed strategy for the regional branch of national mentoring organization.➡ Organizational design for a health non-profit which increased fundraising by 80%.➡ Process improvement for Evergreen hospital to increase emergency room throughput. ➡ Lead appreciative inquiry retreats and off-sites for executive teams Analytics Manager Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Seattle, WA Responsible for building and leading the HR Analytics function for multiple Amazon organizations ranging from administrative organizations to business organizations. Key Accomplishments:- Built the HR analytics function for Amazon Go, Books, Devices, HR, Finance, and Legal organizations.- Led the end-to-end design and development of 5 analytical dashboards. - Led a large-scale BI platform implementation (Tableau) covering more than 10 different organizations responsibilities included securing funding (280K), recruiting an internal implementation team, and writing a press release and FAQ. Data Scientist Company Name Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Seattle, Washington Focus on analytics strategy, data science evangelism, and delivering data products. Advise senior management team on, data science strategy and vendor selection. Provided training for executives on statistical analysis, Tableau, data visualization and storytelling best practices.Key Accomplishments (so far):➡ Developed executive dashboards for global health executive team ➡ Accelerated data quality to 90%, slashed reporting time by 87%, and reduced costs by more than 200K through automation and standardization of data pipeline processes.➡ Developed a product that delivers a common data set providing the Family Planning team with the ability to have data-driven, strategic conversations with external partners.➡ R&D project to create a machine learning product to automate review of grand challenges applications, product achieved high precision for predicting which applications should be funded➡ Developed a machine learning product to for document classification Data Science Analyst Company Name Limeade Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Bellevue, Washington Member of product management team focused on data reporting and research. Conducted employee engagement research highlighting the importance of holistic well-being and performed key driver analysis of employee health and performance outcomes which were subsequently used in interventions. Defined key product metrics such as “engagement” and developed market segmentation to inform product design. Key Accomplishments:➡ Featured in 17 regional business magazines and Employee Benefits News Magazine.➡ Reduced reporting times by 65% for executive reports➡ Conducted research resulting in successful product and wellness program design See more positions Education Seattle Pacific University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Industrial/Organizational Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Society for Industrial/Organizational Psychology (SIOP) ABD as of 2/05/14.Advanced to Ph.D. candidacy 2/05/14.Ph.D. completed 3/10/2017. General Assembly Field Of Study Data Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Seattle Pacific University Degree Name MA Field Of Study Industrial/Organizational Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: student member of SIOP and SHRM. Independently reviewed and edited: Sexual Orientation Discrimination in The Workplace: Examining The Victim’s Perspectives by Sabrina Volpone prior to the author submitting it for publication. Research coordinator and author on a study investigating the relationship between moral identity and organizational citizenship behaviors. Classes Taken Include: - Project Management- Operations Management- Research Design and Statistics I and II- Leadership and Team Development- Organizational Behavior.- Organization Development I and II- Selection and Performance Management- Program Evaluation- Social Psychology See more education Volunteer Experience Organizational Development and Design Consultant Company Name Gay City Health Project Dates volunteered Sep 2011 – Sep 2011 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Health Featured Skills & Endorsements Organizational Development See 83 endorsements for Organizational Development 83 Organizational Development Endorsed by Robert E. Lewis, PhD and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Joshua’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 70 endorsements for Leadership 70 Leadership Endorsed by Joey Collins and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Joshua’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership Development See 56 endorsements for Leadership Development 56 Leadership Development Endorsed by Joey Collins and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Joshua’s colleagues at Limeade Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (1) Matt Woll Executive Pastor at Rain City Church April 5, 2013, Matt worked with Joshua but at different companies Working with Joshua on the Seattle Premiere event of the documentary film Un|Divided was a great experience. He is the consummate professional and managed simultaneous design, communications, video, and logistics projects successfully. The event was a huge success thanks to the work he did. I highly recommend his work! Lainey Sickinger Management Consultant-Strategic Execution November 7, 2011, Lainey was a client of Joshua’s Joshua was a tremendous help to us as we looked at ways to challenge our notions of leadership. He's a positive and energetic facilitator with a treasure of salient quotes and neat tricks to get a discussion going. Thanks Josh! View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Vince O'Neill Analytics Leader | Bridging the divide between business decisions and analytics April 26, 2016, Joshua reported directly to Vince Vince was hands down the best manager I've had to date. The kind of manager one aspires to be. He was able to balance staying close to the work while not micromanaging. While providing his team with the resources and air cover needed to do their job and was always available as a thought partner when solving tough problems. In addition, his deep technical expertise and high emotional intelligence enabled him to span multiple levels of the business and to articulate the value of data science in an accessible manner. Vince would be a valuable asset to any analytics team and has my highest recommendation. Accomplishments Joshua has 9 courses 9 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Employee Selection & Performance Management Multivariate Statistics and Causal Modeling Organizational Theory Psychometrics Psychometrics Qualitative Research Methodologies and Designs Research Methods & Statistics 1: ANOVA and Research Design Research Methods & Statistics 2: Advanced Regression (MMR, HLR, Mediation) Research Methods & Statistics 3: Structural Equation Modeling & Hierarchical Linear Modeling Joshua has 9 projects 9 Expand projects section Projects Rape for Profit - Movie Screening Meta-Analysis/Psychometrics - Primary Investigator Organizational Citizenship Behaviors and Moral Identity - Research Coordinator Consulting Manager/Teaching Assistant Un|Divided: Seattle Premier - Director of Marketing and Communications Qulatrics Implementation at Seattle Pacific University Social Innovation Fast Pitch Competition (SIFP) - Social Media Strategist 4H Record Book Program Evaluation Utilizing Consensual Qualitative Research - Qualitative Analyst YRU Conference - Social Media Strategist Joshua has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications A Meta-Analytic Comparison of Mentoring Scales Currently in Use A Meta-Analytic Comparison of Mentoring Scales Currently in Use The Effects of Moral Identity and Empathy on OCBs. Joshua has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Society for Industrial and Organizational Psychology (SIOP) Interests Nintendo 81,710 followers BOSI Global 2,428 followers SIOP - The Society for Industrial and Organizational Psychology 37,014 members PwC 1,335,839 followers SWITCH, Inc. 40 followers systems thinking network 35,420 members See all See all following
More Actions Artem has a account Artem Yankov Senior Data Scientist at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory - PNNL Pacific Northwest National Laboratory - PNNL University of Michigan Seattle, Washington 347 347 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Data Scientist - Deep Learning Company Name Pacific Northwest National Laboratory - PNNL Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Data Scientist Company Name Rover.com Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area Data Scientist Company Name Zillow Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Seattle Area Worked on churn prediction, a zip code recommendation engine based on network graphs, optimization algorithms for pairing mortgage lenders with seekers, and the implementation of mathematical models for predicting revenue impact of business to business marketing efforts.Involved in all aspects of data science including data munging, application of machine learning algorithms, data mining, validation of models, and construction of visualizations for business reporting. PhD Student Company Name University of Michigan Dates Employed Jul 2010 – May 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location Ann Arbor, MI Applied statistical and machine learning techniques to analyze the phenomenon of fission gas release in nuclear fuel performance. Involved folding together experimental data and computer simulation results to improve predictive capabilities of computer codes. Implemented functionality to investigate harmonic modes into primary computer code used by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to simulate nuclear reactor behavior. Developed algorithms for quantifying uncertainties in nuclear reactor simulators when faced with large numbers of correlated, stochastic inputs. Data Science Intern Company Name Globys Inc Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Developed a simulator to model the usage behavior of mobile phone subscribers in a contextual marketing framework using machine learning and statistical data analysis. See more positions Education University of Michigan Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Nuclear Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Blogger for Rackham Graduate School Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology Degree Name BS Mathematics, BS Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Minor in computational scienceClarence P. Sousley Award for demonstration of exceptional performance in the mathematical sciences. Skills Python Python Click and drag to reorder skills R R Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft SQL Server Microsoft SQL Server Click and drag to reorder skills Tableau Tableau Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Austin Gross Data Scientist at Microsoft October 7, 2015, Austin worked with Artem in the same group There are three primary reasons for why Austin will add enormous value to any business that utilizes data. First, Austin's knowledge of statistical methods is unparalleled. When trying to find a small signal in messy data there are very few data scientists who actually have the skill set to understand the quality of signal in hand. Austin is one of them. To be more specific, Austin's statistical knowledge coupled with his coding skills enable him to conquer any business problem. Second, Austin is rare in that he is a data scientist who possesses legitimate interest in solving business problems. Many data scientists are enthralled by algorithms and the latest "Big Data" tools and therefore use them just for the sake of using them with little thought towards their applicability to the problem in hand. Suffice to say, Austin is very conscience of using the most applicable tools to best solve a given business problem.Third, and arguably the most valuable trait Austin possesses, is the ability to communicate technical results to everyone including sales people and product managers. At Zillow, Austin was able to consistently bring everyone on the same page for a project with major marketplace implications that involved his research in pricing models.There's no question Austin is self-motivated and always learning new skills to improve as a data scientist. I can recall several times where Austin was self-teaching himself software development skills in order to assist in translating his technical work into a production environment. Chandran Mudhliar Advisory Consultant at Deloitte & Touche LLP July 2, 2015, Artem was Chandran’s mentor I served as a technical supervisor for Chandran's capstone project for the University of Washington Information School. The project entailed using Zillow's raw consumer search data in order to mine relationships between zip codes. After explaining the problem Zillow was interested in solving, Chandran and his group excelled in developing a solution and presenting it in terms anyone can understand. With minimal guidance, the group devised a creative solution towards clustering zip codes based on network graph algorithms. The group's ability to fully solve an open ended project in a limited timeframe was very impressive and speaks to the level of project management and technical expertise in the group. Zillow is currently pursuing a few zip code clustering ideas presented by Chandran in the future work section of the capstone. Given Chandran's performance on the capstone project I am extremely excited to see the kind of work Chandran will produce throughout his career. There is no doubt in my mind Chandran has the technical chops and self-discipline to contribute towards the solution of any data science problem in any industry. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Artem has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Computing for Data Analysis Machine Learning Introduction to Data Science edX Honor Code Certificate for Introduction to Big Data with Apache Spark edX Honor Code Certificate for Scalable Machine Learning Artem has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Russian Interests Rover.com 4,747 followers edX 129,220 followers BlackSky 603 followers Domino Data Lab 1,624 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,598,898 followers Zillow 46,812 followers See all See all following
More Actions Marjan has a account Marjan Orang, Ph.D. AWS Cloud Data Scientist, Gilbarco Veeder-Root Gilbarco Veeder Root North Carolina State University Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • PhD in Economics• I am a highly technical Data Scientist, passionate to identify novel opportunities and provide actionable recommendations to business, using advanced econometric modeling and machine learning techniques. • Developed predictive Marketing measurement solutions. Used Python to build real-time sales lift measurement using past sales, price, promotions, seasonality and holiday effects, to monitor real-time return on investment (ROI), following online marketing campaigns.• Enhanced and implemented Credit Loss Reserve calculation at Advance America, from accuracy level of 60% to 90% by applying customer segmentation, interactive grouping, unsupervised learning, regression analysis and credit score packages in SAS EG and SAS enterprise Miner. • Forecasted Microsoft Xbox Sales for the holiday season to facilitate Supply Chain planning at Microsoft Corp, using predictive analytics. • Explored the Fraud Detection potentials at Microsoft Supply Chain using data mining and pattern recognition.• Thorough understanding of various Parametric and Non-Parametric modeling approaches such as OLS, Logistic and Count Regressions, Decision Trees and Neural Networks. • 4+ years of experience programming in SAS, SQL and STATA and Python. Specialties: Data Science, Economic Analysis, Data Mining, Statistical Modeling, Time Series Analysis, K-means clustering, Strategic Development and planning, Market Research, Consumer Behavior Analysis See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Marjan’s Activity 937 followers Please contact me if you meet ALL of following: 1- you are interested in an internship in Data Science 2- you either already hold a PhD or last year PhD student 3- you have prior internship experience in Data Science. 4- you can start in the next 5 weeks. Marjan shared this See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name Gilbarco Veeder Root Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greensboro/Winston-Salem, North Carolina Area Marketing Scientist Company Name MaxPoint Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area As part of the Marketing Science team I developed automated packages to provide:1) Sales lift measurement using difference-in-difference dynamic panel data estimation with fixed effects.2) Predictive solution on sales forecasts to guarantee campaign performance in flight. 3) Sensitivity (elasticity) analysis to price variations controlling for consumer demographics.4) Demographic insights using Principal Component Analysis and K-means clustering.Utilized Python, R, Stata and SAS to develop and validate the above solutions. Lecturer Company Name North Carolina State University Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area Classes I have taught:1. Data Analysis for Economists2. Fundamentals of Economics3. Principles of Microeconomics4. Agriculture and Resource Economics5. SAS lab 6. Stata labResponsible for all aspects of teaching including lectures, active learning games and experiments, tests, assignments and grading.For the lab classes: Responsible to prepare lectures, examples and assignments to teach the Stata and SAS lab sessions for the ECG562 taught by Prof. Melinda Morrill and EC480 taught by Prof. Bob Hammond Credit Risk Analyst Intern Company Name Advance America Dates Employed May 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Spartanburg As part of the Credit and Data Analytics team, I enhanced the fit of the Loss Reserve model at Advance America. I used SAS (EG and Miner) to build customer segmentation, credit calculations and interactive grouping. I facilitated the BASEL II model in banking (PD, LGD, and EAD) to estimate total ALLL. Advance America is the largest non bank, financial institution providing various types of short and medium term loans. Decision Science Intern Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Redmond, Washington Built forecasts, customer and sales analysis for the Global Supply Chain, Decision Science team at Microsoft. Developed various econometric models using simple, non-linear, non-parametric, logistic and Poisson regressions to find the best solutions to business questions. See more positions Education North Carolina State University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Applied Econometrics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 San Diego State University-California State University Degree Name Master of Arts Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 University of Tehran Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 83 endorsements for Data Analysis 83 Data Analysis Endorsed by Sahar Talebi, Ph.D. and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 23 of Marjan’s colleagues at North Carolina State University Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 69 endorsements for Statistics 69 Statistics Endorsed by Sahar Talebi, Ph.D. and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Marjan’s colleagues at North Carolina State University Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 61 endorsements for SAS 61 SAS Endorsed by Pruthvi Bhupathiraju Venkata, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Marjan’s colleagues at North Carolina State University Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Jerimiah Hamon CEO at SilverLogic Labs April 21, 2015, Jerimiah managed Marjan directly Marjan came to Microsoft as a PhD candidate intern from NC State. We expected her to participate and get to know the business and hopefully have a measurable impact. Little did we know she would be an earth shaker? Marjan came in, rolled up her sleeves, and constructed an optimized a time series forecast w/ intervention of a transactional consumer driven environment that ranges from a few hundred transactions to bursts over 300K in season. Marjan brought poise and maturity not often seen in college students. This coupled with a tireless drive to “gets stuff done”, she was a perfect team player. She loves her work, and it shows. Nevil Kirwan Supply Chain Planning & Performance ● S&OP ● Program Manager ● Fulfilment & Logistics ● Business Analytics December 2, 2015, Nevil worked with Marjan in the same group I worked with Nevil at Microsoft as part of the Global BI and Analytics team, building and utilizing a new global database and reporting structures, laying the foundations for more robust analytics. Nevil is a great motivational leader who provides clear instructions and guidelines for upcoming projects. Nevil has thorough understanding of analytical tools and is always willing to share his knowledge and expertise with his co-workers. I would work with Nevil again in a minute. Tamah Chesney Morant Associate Dean of Undergraduate Programs at North Carolina State University, Poole College of Management November 25, 2015, Tamah was senior to Marjan but didn’t manage directly Dr. Morant is one of the most influential figures in my academic and professional life. Throughout my PhD studies at NCSU, Dr. Morant was a constant source of motivation, support and inspiration. She understands students’ interests and always made time for one-to-one discussions on how to navigate the challenging world of Economics PhD and succeed after completing the program. I will always be grateful for her guidance. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Marjan has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English Farsi Marjan has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication http://www4.ncsu.edu/~morang/ Interests Red Hat 216,179 followers Linked Local in the Greater Raleigh, NC 6,201 members Tiger Analytics 8,547 followers Deloitte 2,174,063 followers Select Staffing 12,294 followers Dimension Data 172,694 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gideon has a account Gideon Mann Head of Data Science / CTO Office at Bloomberg LP Bloomberg LP University of Massachusetts Amherst Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Gideon Mann is the head of Data Science at Bloomberg, guiding the strategic direction for machine learning, natural language processing, and search on the core terminal. At Bloomberg, his team has worked on the company-wide data science platform, natural language question answering, and deep learning text processing, among other products. He also founded and leads the Data for Good Exchange (bloomberg.com/d4gx), an annual conference on data science applications for social good and is a core member of the Shift Commission on Work, Workers and Technology (shiftcommission.work). Mann graduated Brown University in 1999 and subsequently received a Ph.D. from The Johns Hopkins University in 2006. His focus at Hopkins was natural language processing with a dissertation on multi-document fact extraction and fusion. After a short post-doc at UMass-Amherst working on problems in weakly supervised machine learning, he moved to Google Research in NYC in 2007. In addition to academic research, his team at Google built core internal machine learning libraries, and publicly released the Google Prediction API and coLaboratory, a collaborative iPython application. He joined Bloomberg's leadership team in the CTO department in 2014. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Head of Data Science / CTO Office Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Staff Research Scientist Company Name Google Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos Location NYC I lead a team focused on R&D efforts in machine learning. Post-Doctoral Researcher Company Name University of Massachusetts Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education University of Massachusetts Amherst Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name Ph. D. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2006 Brown University Degree Name Sc. B. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 82 endorsements for Machine Learning 82 Machine Learning Endorsed by Chong Wang and 28 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Gideon’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Natural Language Processing See 55 endorsements for Natural Language Processing 55 Natural Language Processing Endorsed by Markus Dreyer and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Gideon’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Information Extraction See 39 endorsements for Information Extraction 39 Information Extraction Endorsed by Ang Sun and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Gideon’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Alan Farhi Senior Recruiter at ION Group/Lab49 January 7, 2016, Gideon worked with Alan in different groups I had the pleasure of working closely with Alan during his time at Bloomberg. He was a superb recruiter, able to source, sell, and close effectively on some of the best candidates. He is knowledgable about the field, and generates significant goodwill everywhere he goes. A true team player, he would be a significant asset to any organization. Gideon Zach Goldberg Chief Technology Officer at AutoLotto November 28, 2011, Gideon was senior to Zach but didn’t manage directly Zach goes the extra mile to get his hands dirty and finish the job right. He's a natural leader who can inspire and drive his team to success and has a passion for turning out great products. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Predictive Analytics 12,946 members Brown University 93,204 followers Machine Learning Connection 46,676 members University of Massachusetts Amherst 176,544 followers Bloomberg LP 716,424 followers Google 4,871,615 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Discenza Data Scientist Capital Factory Columbia University in the City of New York Austin, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am passionate about identifying and funding early stage companies building products that solve real challenges for customers and society. My background includes technical roles machine learning/data science + full stack development) and business roles(internal consulting + VC + accelerator). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Venture Associate Company Name Capital Factory Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Austin, Texas Area Senior Data Science Manager Company Name RUN Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Designed algorithms for click through optimization of ads, infrastructure to run these models, and a framework for testing and evaluating performance.- Developed new product for targeting upper funnel/brand focused campaigns most effectively (uses site intercept survey technology and statistical methodology to optimize advertising toward audiences most likely to see brand lift as a result of media spend)- Distributed model fitting and feature selection for a tool to predict win rate and forecast available ad impression inventory (Spark, Java MapReduce, Hive, Ruby, Aerospike)- ETL flows to ingest and enrich partners' data, and our own bid and win data using the Luigi ETL framework (python), Hive, Spark, and AWS Redshift- Web app development in media buyers portal: Ruby on Rails, Backbone.js, full test coverage- Collaborated with product and design team to create novel user interfaces for audience segment creation- Data collection, enrichment, and visualization of geographic data using python and ruby scripts, PosGIS, and Leaflet.js- Infrastructure management and automation with Ansible- Maintaining and making changes to pixel server infrastructure in Node.js Data Scientist - Statistical Modeling Specialist Company Name JPMorgan Chase Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Statistical Modeling Specialist/Data Scientist at JPMorgan Intelligent Solutions, a group focused on creating new products out of the firm's data assents.Responsibilities and projects included:- creating and coordinating the group's "IdeaLab" innovation process- creating a custom framework for probabilistic entity matching that out-performed available enterprise software tools - building sales and marketing models for middle market banking/advisory services- designing and implementating experimental frameworks to test model effectiveness with sales teams on a national level- unsupervised learning on transactional data- geographic data visualization- data quality diagnostics - ETL tasks and data cleaning Corporate Analyst Development Program Company Name JPMorgan Chase Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location New York, NY Corporate Internal Consulting Team- Process evaluation interviews to drive improvement in data management practices at the Mortgage Bank- Generated recommendations for improvements in organizational structure, functional systems and operating procedures for Anti-Money Laundering (AML/BSA) screening and sanctions (OFAC) screening - Created and delivered presentations of findings and recommendations to JPMorgan C-level executivesProject Manager for the OTC Derivatives Platform Client Change Team -Managed operational changes and technology builds for client requests for new exotic instrument support using Agile Software Development practices.- Evaluated instrument valuation methodology changes-Tracked projects using Atlassian Jira and Microsoft Enterprise Project Engineering Intern Company Name TargetSpot Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 2 mos Location New York, NY • Planned, implemented, and tested an improved model for ad impression inventory forecasting using Python Pandas, MySQL, and MongoDB.• Parallelized model computation and deployed the script to a cloud production environment. See more positions Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name Master of Arts (M.A.) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name BA Field Of Study Statistics, Sociology Grade 3.78 - Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Varsity Track and Cross Country, Men's Peer Education, Journal of Society and Politics, Columbia Daily Spectator Phillips Academy Andover Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements R See 39 endorsements for R 39 R Endorsed by Maggie (Xi) Zhang and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 28 endorsements for Statistics 28 Statistics Endorsed by Jessica Forde and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 24 endorsements for Research 24 Research Endorsed by John (Jack) Murphy, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Breakfast of Champions: The First Meal of the Day and Academic Success Mixed Effects Analysis of NYC 311 Response Times and Zipcode Income Michael has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Scholar Athlete Award Interests Columbia University in the City of New York 257,027 followers Columbia College, Columbia University 5,234 followers Serval Ventures 86 followers RS Metrics, LLC 406 followers The Economist Ideas Economy 5,184 members Frontier7, Inc. 57 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jaya has a account Jaya Mathew Data Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft The University of Texas at Austin Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Motivated data scientist with experience across multiple domains with a strong track record in project and client management in Agile work environments. Routinely use machine learning algorithms to solve business use cases with end to end operationalized solutions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist II Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Building end to end operationalized Machine Learning (ML) business solutions for external customers across different business verticals (energy, retail, predictive maintenance) using the Cortana Intelligence Suite (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/server-cloud/cortana-intelligence-suite/). Tools: Azure Machine Learning (www.azure.com/ml), Azure Data Factory, Azure Cloud services, R, Python, SQL Server R Services, SQL, Jupyter notebook, MS Office, Power BI. Data Scientist Company Name Nokia HERE Maps Dates Employed May 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr B2C Analytics: Consumer usage profiling and app analysis. Tools: Hadoop, Hive, Teradata SQL, Redshift, R Studio, SPSS, Tableau, MS Office. Data Manager Company Name Nokia Mobile Phones Dates Employed Jun 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs B2C Analytics: Telecom service usage behaviour reporting, trending and analysis. Tools: SPSS, R, MS Office. Analytics Consultant Company Name Hewlett-Packard Global Analytics Dates Employed Feb 2007 – May 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos B2B Analytics: SMB Catalogue Database Marketing. B2C Analytics: Consumer Exchange - Business Operations. Web-usage behaviour analytics.Tools: SAS (Base/EG), UNIX, SAP, MS Office. Graduate Teaching Assistant Company Name The University of Texas at Austin Dates Employed Aug 2004 – May 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Assist professors with undergraduate and graduate statistics classes while pursuing my graduate degree program. Tools: SAS, SPSS, Minitab, STATA, R. See more positions Education The University of Texas at Austin Degree Name MStat Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Specialization: Applied Statistics. Tools: SAS (Base SAS), SPSS, Minitab, STATA, R. Teaching Assistant: Assist professors with elementary and graduate statistics classes. Grading homework, tests, projects. The University of Texas at Austin Degree Name BS Field Of Study Mathematical Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Specialization: Minor in Computational Sciences.Student Assistant: Grading homework for elementary mathematics classes like Pre-Calculus and Geometry. Mount Carmel College Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Mathematics and Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Specialization: Computer Science, Mathematics and Statistics Volunteer Experience Women and Girls STEM Mentoring Event Company Name Museum of Science, Boston Dates volunteered Nov 2016 – Nov 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Mentored college students on careers in Technology and Science as part of the Museum of Science's STEM initiative Microsoft Mock Interview Workshop and Mixer Company Name Microsoft Dates volunteered Oct 2016 – Oct 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Participated in Microsoft New England's mock interview workshop and mixer event for minority college students interested in learning about what to expect and how to interview for positions within the Technology industry Girls Who Code Mentoring Event Company Name Microsoft Dates volunteered Jul 2016 – Jul 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology Participated in the Girls Who Code Microsoft NERD Center Mentoring Eventhttp://blog.microsoftnewengland.com/2016/07/19/girls-who-code-visit-microsoft-nerd-center-for-mentoring-event/ See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Analytics See 38 endorsements for Analytics 38 Analytics Endorsed by Mahesh Narayan and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Jaya’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills SAS See 23 endorsements for SAS 23 SAS Endorsed by Danielle Dean and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jaya’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling See 19 endorsements for Statistical Modeling 19 Statistical Modeling Endorsed by Danielle Dean and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Jaya’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (13) Given (0) Des Farren CEO at ServusNet Informatics Ltd. January 6, 2016, Des was a client of Jaya’s I worked with Jaya on a project to port one of our more complex applications to the Microsoft Cortana Analytics environment. With challenging technical requirements and a customer-critical delivery deadline, Jaya needed to quickly understand our application, design a new implementation in the Cortana environment and develop and test the solution with real customer data. The project was a success due, largely, to Jaya's technical expertise and ability to collaborate effectively with remote teams. It was a pleasure working with Jaya and I'd have no hesitation recommending her on similar projects. Vinod Ladda Manager Database Services at Sabre August 4, 2014, Jaya worked with Vinod in the same group Jaya is very knowledgeable and skilled data scientist. Her ability to understand business requirements and to provide analysis and insights backed by data is real asset to any organization. I worked with Jaya over two years in Nokia's Mobile Phone project, Nokia Life. With her valuable input, business team was able to increase user engagement in Nokia Life services. She is an excellent team player and working with her was great experience. View 11 more recommendations View 11 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jaya has 8 certifications 8 Expand certifications section Certifications Microsoft Verified Certificate for Analyzing Big Data with Microsoft R Server Microsoft Verified Certificate for Introduction to Windows PowerShell Microsoft Professional Program in Data Science Microsoft Verified Certificate for Implementing Predictive Analytics with Spark in Azure HDInsight IEEE Verified Certificate for Introduction to Cloud Computing Columbia X Series Certificate for Data Science and Analytics in Context Microsoft Verified Certificate for Programming with Python for Data Science Microsoft Verified Certificate for Processing Big Data with Hadoop in Azure HDInsight Jaya has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications Building a Scalable Telemetry Based Multiclass Predictive Maintenance Model in R Optimizing rolling feature engineering for time series data Predictive Maintenance Modeling Guide using SQL R Services Machine Learning at Work in the Wind Energy Domain ServusNet Forecasts Wind Power Using Cortana Analytics Suite Publish R Code as a Web Service in Just a Few Clicks Jaya has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Conferences and talks Hewlett Packard Microsoft Nokia Online courses completed with Statement of Accomplishment Jaya has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Jaya has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Nokia Life Interests Pulse 1,535,242 followers KDnuggets Analytics, Data Mining, and Data Science 28,128 members Business Travel 4,376,607 followers Retail & E-Commerce 3,567,431 followers Mount Carmel College, Ohio 7,475 followers Professional Women 14,557,636 followers See all See all following
More Actions Uli has a account Uli Harder Senior Data Scientist Yell Durham University Reading, United Kingdom 116 116 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A data scientist and mathematical modeller specializing in the analysis of large and complex data sets for performance optimisation. Commercial experience in the areas of business analysis software, capacity planning and performance analysis. Backed up by solid academic skills with a PhD in mathematical physics and research in the Computer Performance Analysis group at Imperial College London. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Uli’s Activity 118 followers Times flies when you're having fun 🙂 Uli liked See all activity Experience Senior Data Scientist Company Name Yell Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Reading, United Kingdom Software Developer (Data Warehouse/Business Intelligence) Company Name Bartels Langness Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Kiel Area, Germany Developing concepts and implementations of sophisticated BI-solutions in a data warehouse environment. Designing ETL processes using Pentaho. Administration of MySQL databases. Maintaining existing ETL processes and reports of business processes in all parts of the company. Data Scientist Company Name Exony Ltd. / eGain Communications Ltd. Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Newbury, UK Designing and developing big-data predictive models for use in business analysis software. Using data from customer call centres and websites to predict and analyse customer behaviour and improve our clients customer journey analytics technology. Providing technical and research support for other team members as well as communicating complicated ideas and research to senior management. Modelling techniques include machine learning and statistical algorithms, hidden Markov models, data mining and process mining. Utilising tools such as couchDB (a NOSQL database), R and Python. Data Science Consultant Company Name Simulamen Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Taunton Three months contract for mathematical modelling of radio frequency allocation. Radio frequencies are a limited resource and their allocation can be optimised to reduce interference, increase bandwidth or for other parameters. There are various solutions to this optimisation problem ranging from simulated annealing to heuristic methods. Algorithm Developer Company Name PassivSystems Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Newbury, UK Analysis of large datasets to evaluate the efficiency and performance of domestic heating systems. Data was stored in Oracle databases and Matlab was used for the analysis and modeling aspect. Also responsible for installation and maintenance of the Alfresco content management system. See more positions Education Durham University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 The University of Kiel Degree Name Diplom Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1993 Durham University Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Particle Theory Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1991 Skills Data Science Data Science Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis Data Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Statistical Modeling Statistical Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Business Intelligence Business Intelligence Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Ian Jones Head of Strategic Solutions at eGain March 24, 2015, Ian was senior to Uli but didn’t manage directly I worked with Uli on a challenging data analysis problem and was most impressed by his productivity, insight and professionalism. I would highly recommend him. Ashok Argent-Katwala Software Developer June 12, 2006, Uli worked with Ashok in the same group Uli is a talented, smart individual with a particular talent for extracting simple, meaningful models from grungy, real-world data. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Uli has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English German Uli has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Observing Internet Worm and Virus Attacks with a Small Network Telescope Predicting Buffer Hit Ratios with Neural Networks Interests The University of Kiel 16,368 followers Exony 400 followers Pulse 1,535,242 followers ACM SIGMETRICS 447 members Durham University 98,410 followers Big Data and Analytics 330,681 members See all See all following
More Actions Piero has a account Piero Ferrante Senior Director & Principal Data Scientist at C2FO C2FO Northwestern University Kansas City, Missouri Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Passionate data scientist with an extensive background in analytics and applied machine learning. Has a record of strategic innovation and generating returns on data assets in healthcare, telecom, insurance, mobile advertising, and fintech. Interested in solving complex problems by leading teams and engineering intelligent systems that facilitate decision support. Holds a M.S. in Predictive Analytics from Northwestern University, a B.S. in Finance and Management Information Systems from the University of Delaware, is an adjunct professor of Text Analytics at Rockhurst University, and an adjunct faculty member at Kansas University. Currently a Senior Director and the Principle Data Scientist at C2FO, the world's market for working capital. Also helps organize the Kansas City Data Science Meetup with over 1,000 members (www.meetup.com/Data-Science-KC) and speaks regularly at conferences about data science. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Director & Principal Data Scientist Company Name C2FO Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Advisor, Algorithms & Data Strategy Company Name Play-it Health Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Adjunct Professor, Text Analytics Company Name Rockhurst University Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Teaches text mining techniques with an emphasis on information retrieval, topic extraction, document classification and clustering, sentiment analysis, and text link analysis. Also teaches an introduction to Python programming class. Adjunct Faculty Company Name University of Kansas Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Teaches a class on The Intersection of Data Science and Big Data at the KU Edwards Campus in Kansas City. Data Scientist IV Company Name Pinsight Media+ (powered by Sprint) Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos • Developed a highly scalable system for optimizing click through rates (CTR) using adaptive feature engineering and large linear learners• Analyzed geo-location, mobile/web/app/ad usage, consumer/retail, demographic, and socio-economic data on 50M+ unique subscribers • Developed multiple similarity-based and popularity-based product recommenders• Collaboratively designed an innovative data imputation framework that would ultimately improve data coverage and achieve cost savings in perpetuity• Designed a persistent KPI dashboard that is prominently displayed in the office using the open source Dashing framework and a Raspberry Pi See more positions Education Northwestern University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Predictive Analytics University of Delaware Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Finance Activities and Societies: MIS Honor Society Volunteer Experience Board of Directors Company Name Big Brothers Big Sisters of Greater Kansas City Dates volunteered Oct 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 8 mos Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Predictive Analytics See 37 endorsements for Predictive Analytics 37 Predictive Analytics Endorsed by T. Scott Clendaniel and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Piero’s colleagues at C2FO Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 30 endorsements for Machine Learning 30 Machine Learning Endorsed by Thomas Wiecki and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Piero’s colleagues at C2FO Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 53 endorsements for Data Mining 53 Data Mining Endorsed by Kirk Borne and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Piero’s colleagues at C2FO Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Piero has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects KC Water Infrastructure Failure Predictions Optimizing Donation Bin Placement Text Mining Corporate Earnings Calls Piero has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 20 in Their Twenties 2011 Best Innovation Piero has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Italian Piero has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations American Statistical Association (ASA) Data Science KC Meetup Piero has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents Monitoring And Adapting A Patient's Medical Regimen And Facilitating Communication With A Caregiver System And Method For Subscriber Cluster Synthesis Piero has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Graduate Statistician (GStat) Interests Data Science Community 15,310 members Toby CosgroveToby Cosgrove is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and President at Cleveland Clinic 493,826 followers Apache Mahout 5,968 members Northwestern University MS Predictive Analytics 2,848 members Continuum Analytics 3,421 followers Big Data and Analytics 330,681 members See all See all following
More Actions Yi has a account Yi Zhang Principal Scientist at Microsoft Microsoft University of Iowa Greater Seattle Area 376 376 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am curently an applied researcher at the Revenue and Relevance group in Microsoft adCenter. Previously, I worked in adCenter Labs and the Audience Intelligence group in Microsoft.As an expert in machine learning/data mining and a hands-on software developer, I invent and ship algorithms to a wide range of Microsoft online products, such as paid search, content advertising, behavioral targeting, etc.Specialties: Machine Learning, Data Mining, Online Advertising, Web Search, Statistics, Operations Research, Economics See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Scientist / Tech Lead Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 3 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Bing ads Revenue and Relevance. Specific projects include query and content classification, keyword/entity extraction, behaviroal targetting, content recommendation, revenue management, system monitoring and diagnostics, etc. Applied Researcher Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Microsoft adCenter Labs Teaching and Research Assistant Company Name University of Iowa Dates Employed 2001 – 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs Intern Company Name McLeodUSA Dates Employed Jan 2005 – May 2005 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Cedar Rapids, Iowa Area Developed a customer-churn prediction model for McLeodUSA phone service division Intern Company Name Shanghai Volkswagen Dates Employed Jul 1997 – Sep 1997 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Shanghai Education University of Iowa Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Management Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name M.A. Field Of Study Operations Research Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2001 SMA Joint Program National University of Singapore Degree Name M.Eng. Field Of Study High Performance Computation Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Head of the SMA student committee See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 31 endorsements for Machine Learning 31 Machine Learning Endorsed by Dave DeBarr and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 26 of Yi’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Data Mining See 17 endorsements for Data Mining 17 Data Mining Endorsed by Ying Li and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 17 of Yi’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Artificial Intelligence See 8 endorsements for Artificial Intelligence 8 Artificial Intelligence Endorsed by Vu Ha, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Yi’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Mario Esposito The best way to predict the future is to invent it. August 17, 2009, Mario worked with Yi in the same group Mario is one of the smartest people I ever worked with. He always brings brilliant ideas and work hard to make them true.He is also super nice to people around him. Man, he can really cook pizza... :) Accomplishments Yi has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Yi has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Learning from multi-topic web documents for contextual advertisement Ensemble Pruning Via Semi-definite Programming Interests Tongji University 77,043 followers Deep Learning 9,838 members Coursera 172,382 followers ACM SIGKDD & Annual KDD Conference 4,671 members Massachusetts Institute of Technology 337,807 followers Machine Learning Connection 46,676 members See all See all following
More Actions Joe has a account Joe Walsh Data Scientist at The University of Chicago The University of Chicago Center for Data Science and Public Policy University of Alabama Chicago, Illinois 442 442 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Data-driven good. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Joe’s Activity 444 followers Our work with Johnson County, Kansas Joe shared this See all activity Experience Data Scientist Company Name The University of Chicago Center for Data Science and Public Policy Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Media (1) This position has 1 media Center for Data Science and Public Policy Center for Data Science and Public Policy This media is a link Defense Council Company Name Truman National Security Project Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Policy Analyst Company Name Community Technical Resources Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Birmingham, Alabama Area 1) Co-wrote interdisciplinary literature review, "Defining a Post-Conflict Role for Rural Transport in Sub-Saharan Africa," for the UK's Department for International Development (DFID) African Community Access Programme (AFCAP), which identifies common themes between transportation research and peace-and-conflict research and future avenues for research.2) Despite the demonstrated superiority of statistical prediction to expert prediction in many domains (e.g. law, health, and elections), we often end up relying on expert prediction because we lack the money, time, equipment, or connections to gather the data necessary for statistical approaches. I developed an algorithm that uses expert knowledge and social-science theory to make more accurate predictions of political contests than what experts make themselves. The algorithm can be rapidly deployed, and it produces a measure of uncertainty so decisionmakers can assess risk and the quality of the prediction. Forecasting Leader Company Name GE Healthcare Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater Chicago Area I predicted market demand for "big iron" machines (e.g. PET scanners) up to eight quarters ahead at the state, zone, and national levels. My models proved more accurate than the company’s existing gold standard by at least 30 percent. Unlike their predecessors, these models also produce measures of uncertainty so decisionmakers can know how precise they are and calculate probabilities of outcomes. They did well enough that we started exporting them to units overseas. Eric & Wendy Schmidt Data Science for Social Good Mentor Company Name University of Chicago Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Chicago Area See more positions Education University of Alabama Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study International relations, American politics, and econometrics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2014 University of Alabama Degree Name Master of Arts (MA) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 - Received a data-mining certificate from The University of Alabama and SAS Tokyo University of Foreign Studies Degree Name MA Field Of Study Peace and Conflict Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Nối Projects Cause Arts and Culture Featured Skills & Endorsements Statistics See 38 endorsements for Statistics 38 Statistics Endorsed by Evan Misshula and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Joe’s colleagues at The University of Chicago Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 31 endorsements for Data Analysis 31 Data Analysis Endorsed by Evan Misshula and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Joe’s colleagues at The University of Chicago Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 26 endorsements for Research 26 Research Endorsed by Lee, Junsoo and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Joe’s colleagues at The University of Chicago Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Tony Calice ☁ Start simplifying communication with a simple common sense questions and reusable ADA accessible 508 compliant content. February 26, 2014, Joe worked with Tony in the same group Ever since that physics class in high school, I have been acutely aware that Joe's ability with the TI-85 Calculator is excellent. While it saddens me that he has moved on from the calculator in favor of some program called "R" (http://www.r-project.org/), I hear that he has been coming up with some pretty accurate predictions for his clients.If you have either: a big data set requiring statistical analysis; or a TI-85 with tether cord... Joe is someone you should have in your network. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Joe has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Defining a Post-Conflict Role for Rural Transport in Sub-Saharan Africa Factors Influencing the Severity of Crashes Caused by Motorcyclists: Analysis of Data from Alabama Revenue Enhancement Alternatives for the Alabama Department of Transportation Joe has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project DSSG Nurse-Family Partnership Evaluation Interests University of Alabama School of Medicine 14,910 followers Research for Community Access Partnership (ReCAP) 550 members The University of Alabama School of Law 17,304 followers University of Alabama School of Medicine 14,950 followers The University of Alabama 150,921 followers 東京外国語大学 4,141 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephane has a account Stephane Pinel Sr. Manager of Data Science, Ph.D. Manheim (Cox Automotive) Universite Paul Sabatier Greater Atlanta Area 177 177 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Dr.Stephane Pinel is a Sr. Manager of Data Science, Sr. Data Scientist and Sr. Data Architect in the area of cloud-based « Big Data » enterprise-class applications. He has worked on the development of recommendation engines and recommendation delivery via web API at Manheim (Cox Automotive), Merchandise and Financial Planning (MFP) solutions, supply chain management and resource management solutions for large retailer (e.g. ToyRus, Walgreens, Best Buys) and Global Management consulting firms (e.g. Accenture). His interest and experience include Statistical Modeling, Neural Network, Forecasting, Clustering, Recommendation Engine Architectures, machine learning in R and Spark/Scala, “Big Data” data flow Architectures for Enterprise Business Intelligence and Data Science (Amazon Web Services (RedShift, Data Pipeline,EMR Hadoop/Spark, S3, OpsWork...),ElasticSearch, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Cassandra (DataStax), MongoDB), multi-feeds ETL design and implementation, data warehousing and data architecture including relational star schemas, data visualization in Tableau, multiple programming languages such as Scala, Java, Ruby, R, Python, C++, Datalog, Unix shell.From 2006 to 2010, he was the CTO and Co-founder of Sayana Wireless, a startup company developing 60GHz multi-gigabit low power low cost radio for Consumer Electronics WPAN applications such as Wireless HDMI. In 2000, he received a Ph.D. in microelectronics. He has published over 170 journals and proceeding papers, 2 Wireless Standards , 2 book chapters, gave numerous invited talks and organized numerous workshops at international conferences. He holds 8 patents and 29 invention disclosures. His research interests include CMOS, SOI and SiGe RF and millimeter-waves circuit design, Neural Network and Genetic Algorithms based designs, advanced 3D integration and antenna packaging technologies, RF and millimeter-waves embedded passives (antenna arrays, filters) design, RF-MEMS and micro-machining techniques. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Manager of Data Science Company Name Manheim (Cox Automotive) Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area In charge of the “Search and Recommendation” team (~15) for Manheim. It includes the scaling to multiple channels of the search and recommendation engine (MatchproTM, patent pending) previously developed at Dealermatch, delivery via API to customers and the rest of the organization, machine learning in R and Scala/Spark, multi-feeds data ETL and warehousing, “Big Data” data flow using Amazon Web Services platform (EMR/Spark, AWS lambda, AWS Kinesis, AWS API gateway, Data Pipeline…). Business Intelligence Technical Lead, Sr. Data Scientist Company Name Dealermatch (Cox Automotive) Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Atlanta, GA In charge of the Business Intelligence team supervision, as well as hand-on Sr. Data Scientist and Architect. It includes the development from the ground up of the Dealermatch’s Recommendation Engine (MatchproTM, patent pending) and delivery via web API to customers and the rest of the organization, multi-feeds data ETL and warehousing, “Big Data” data flow using Amazon Web Services platform (RDS, Redshift, EMR, Data Pipeline, S3, OpsWork…), BI reporting and visualization (Tableau), automation and software design using Ruby, R, Ruby On Rails and C++. Software Engineer, Data Scientist Company Name LogicBlox/Predictix Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area In charge of the development of cloud-based « Big Data » enterprise-class applications. It included the development of Merchandise and Financial Planning (MFP) solution, supply chain management and resource management solutions for large retailer (e.g. ToyRUs, Walgreens, Best Buys) and Global Management consulting firms (e.g. Accenture), data processing and predictive analytics, software design using Datalog, Java, Python,C++ and UNIX Shell. CTO and Co-Founder Company Name Sayana Wireless, LLC Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Atlanta Area In charge of the technical roadmap, the product conception, the development, and the senior engineering team supervision. SAYANA WIRELESS was a startup company, launched from the Georgia Electronic Design Center to develop 60GHz multi-gigabit low power low cost radio for Consumer Electronics WPAN applications. SAYANA WIRELESS’s breakthrough technology is based on fully integrated CMOS 60GHz multi-gigabit radio chips, co-designed with an innovative low-cost organic-based 3D integrated module technology. The size of the 60GHz multi-gigabit radio is compatible with its integration in the tip of a memory stick. Project Manager, Microelectronic/Microwave Sr. Research Engineer Company Name Georgia Institute of Technology Dates Employed Jan 2001 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 9 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area Publication summary: > 170 journals and proceeding papers, 8 patents, 29 invention disclosures, 2 book chapters, 2 wireless standards.Research Project Leader: In charge of the development of 10Gbps wireless Testbed at the GEDC, coordinating the research activity of 25+ MS and PhD students in the domain of 60GHz 3D integrated organic module, 60Ghz CMOS based MMIC design (>15 tape-outs), Neural Network and Genetic Algorithms based designs, involved in the 802.15.3c IEEE and ECMA-387 standard activity. Research Team Leader: In charge of coordinating the research activity of PhD students in the domain of “SOP / RF-packaging & RF-module integration” and Neural Network and Genetic Algorithms based designs. Project Supervisor 2004-2010: In charge of coordinating the research activity with Motorola and Pirelli for the development of Millimeterwave CMOS and SiGe MMIC Wireless chipset and Opto-RF gigabit wireless module.Project Supervisor 2003-2004: In charge of coordinating the research activity with Asahi Glass Ltd. for the development of V-band multi-gigabits LTCC modules. Post-Doctoral Fellow & Project Supervisor 2001-2002: In charge of coordinating the research activity with Honeywell and Peregrine for the development of C-Band WLAN SOI MMIC chipset. Media (1) This position has 1 media Stephane_Pinel_Publications Stephane_Pinel_Publications This media is a document Education Universite Paul Sabatier Degree Name PhD in Electrical and Computer Engineering Grade with the highest honors Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Activities and Societies: Temporary Assistant Professor Université Paul Sabatier de Toulouse (France) Paul Sabatier’s University (Toulouse, France) Title: “Conception and realization of 3D ultra-thin film stacked micro-systems”. Paul Sabatier University (Toulouse, France) Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study “DEA de conception de circuits micro-électroniques et micro-systèmes” Grade with honors Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1997 Paul Sabatier’s University (Toulouse, France) Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Grade with honors Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1996 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Software Development See 15 endorsements for Software Development 15 Software Development Endorsed by Oky Sabeni and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Stephane’s colleagues at Manheim Click and drag to reorder skills Integration See 11 endorsements for Integration 11 Integration Endorsed by 4 of Stephane’s colleagues at Manheim Click and drag to reorder skills Amazon Web Services (AWS) See 8 endorsements for Amazon Web Services (AWS) 8 Amazon Web Services (AWS) Endorsed by 2 of Stephane’s colleagues at Manheim Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Paul Sims Experienced Executive in Early and Growth Stage Companies | Advisory Board Member December 10, 2014, Paul was senior to Stephane but didn’t manage directly Stephane was a tremendous asset to us as we built out the big data capabilities for DealerMatch. He was working with data from across the auto industry in a way that no one in the industry had ever done. With Stephane's stellar work we were able to plow such new ground that we have a patent pending. He's flexible and willing to think about things from different angles. He works quickly which was key in our extremely fast-paced environment. He's smart and he works well on his own. I'd work with Stephane again in a heartbeat. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Stephane has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Interests Marketing & Advertising 14,745,980 followers Leadership & Management 24,849,220 followers Olaf SwanteeOlaf Swantee is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Sunrise Communications AG 299,274 followers LinkedIn 2,127,904 followers Manheim 24,755 followers Google 4,871,623 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alok has a account 2nd degree connection2nd Alok Gupta Data Science Manager at Airbnb Airbnb University of Oxford San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Connect Pending Invitation Sent Degrees in Mathematics, Statistics, and Finance. Experience in data science, quantitative research, and algorithmic tradingSpecialties include robust statistics, large data analytics, predictive modeling, Bayesian optimisation, machine learning, data mining, programming, algorithmic trading, financial option pricing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights 1 Mutual Connection You and Alok both know Divyansh Chaturvedi Follow Follow {:entityName} Alok’s Activity 2,927 followers The 10 biggest announcements from Google I/O 2017 Alok liked What is working in China's animation industry like? Alok liked Looking for examples of the best company pitch decks you've seen? Alok commented See all activity Experience Data Science Manager Company Name Airbnb Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location San Francisco, USA 2016 Jul +, Lead the Growth ML Optimisation & Personalisation Data Science Team2015 Oct - 2016 Jun, Lead the Customer Support NLP Data Science Team2014 Apr - 2016 Jun, Lead the Trust & Fraud Prediction Data Science TeamSEO, SEM, Onboarding, Virality, Segmentation Machine Learning and Experiment DesignRobust Predictive Modeling for Classification and Anomaly DetectionTwo-Sided Market Place Media (5) This position has 5 media Previous Next Imperial College Interview Imperial College Interview This media is a link Airbnb Data Science Blog Airbnb Data Science Blog This media is a link Kaggle Interview Kaggle Interview This media is a link Airbnb Engineering & Data Science Blog Airbnb Engineering & Data Science Blog This media is a link Some Marketers Want More Ad Testing, Less Debating About Metrics Some Marketers Want More Ad Testing, Less Debating About Metrics This media is a link Affiliated Researcher Company Name Stanford University Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Institute For Research in the Social Sciences Part of the Exchange Research Group at IRiSS. We are a team of Stanford University researchers and Airbnb data scientists studying the social consequences of sharing goods and services with strangers. Media (2) This position has 2 media Stanford Homepage Stanford Homepage This media is a link The Exchange The Exchange This media is a link External Lecturer Company Name University of Oxford Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Oxford, United Kingdom MSc Mathematical FinanceMarket Microstructure, Algorithmic Trading Vice-President Quant Trader Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location New York, USA FX High Frequency Algorithmic tradingElectronic Exchange/OTC Market-Making Associate Quant Company Name BNP Paribas Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location London, UK FX High Frequency Algorithmic tradingElectronic Exchange/OTC Market-Making See more positions Education University of Oxford Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Mathematics, Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Statistical Finance Imperial College London Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Mathematics, Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 Mathematics & Finance University of Cambridge Degree Name BA Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Mathematics Volunteer Experience Reader Company Name Reading Partners Dates volunteered Nov 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 7 mos Cause Education Helping High School Children improve their English language skills Analyst Company Name Orbis International Dates volunteered 2005 – 2006 Volunteer duration 1 yr Cause Health Optimising Mail Ad Campaigns Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 22 endorsements for Machine Learning 22 Machine Learning Endorsed by Dai Li and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alok’s colleagues at Airbnb Click and drag to reorder skills Bayesian statistics See 5 endorsements for Bayesian statistics 5 Bayesian statistics Ronak Pansara and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Big Data See 14 endorsements for Big Data 14 Big Data Endorsed by 2 of Alok’s colleagues at Airbnb Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Amit Shah Principle Resource Specialist onsite at Rolls Royce Digital August 23, 2011, Alok was a client of Amit’s Amit was the most dependable and transparent recruiter I worked with. He went beyond normal working hours to follow up on conversations and press for the best outcome. Amit also had better contacts in the industry than most others. I would definitely recommend to my peers. Dr Samit (Sam) Ahir CEO Makevale, President at St. George Technology September 13, 2010, Alok and Dr Samit (Sam) were students together Samit was always highly motivated and had a deep interest in his subject. His success and enthusiasm during his PhD inspired me to apply for further study. In all things Samit does, I found him to be very professional, organised and reliable. He is a wonderful leader and a constant learner. Accomplishments Alok has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages English French German Hindi Spanish Alok has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Robust Calibration of Financial Models Using Bayesian Estimators Model Uncertainty and its Impact on Derivative Pricing Google Scholar Summary Alok has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Cyberlaunch Venture Capital Imperial College Business School Interests Airbnb 4,149 members Natural Language Processing Technology 137 members Airbnb 359,389 followers Natural Language Processing People 29,160 members Stanford University 373,239 followers Bancroft's School 478 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Goetsch Senior Data Scientist at GrubHub AisleFire DePaul University - Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business Chicago, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I've always loved puzzles and problem solving and I’m fortunate that the burgeoning field of big data gives me the opportunity to solve new problems every day. I enjoy unpacking complex problems and shaping them into actionable solution driven tasks. To me, the glass is always half full; huge tasks and impossible obstacles become the source of great ideas, new approaches, and innovation. Working collaboratively to develop solutions gives me a sense of accomplishment and pride. I love sharing knowledge, exploring new tools, and exchanging ideas with peers who are as passionate, curious, and engaged as I am. I am always interested in making new professional connections, feel free to e-mail me if you want to talk machine learning, python, or bad kung-fu movies. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Lead Data Scientist Company Name AisleFire Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Senior Data Scientist Company Name GrubHub Dates Employed Sep 2015 – May 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Chicago Lead Data Scientist Company Name Braintree Dates Employed May 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Chicago The Data Science Team at Braintree works on everything from modeling merchant fraud for Risk and Underwriting, to advising our front end team on experimental design for a/b and multi-armed bandit testing. Our work is mostly in Python, relying on scikit-learn’s pipelines and gridsearch to build our models and Spotify’s Luigi for our deployments. We have no mandate beyond finding the most valuable place we can apply our skill-sets. When first coming on board to Braintree, I was challenged to define the role of Data Science at Braintree and tasked with hiring a team. Within three months I built a new interview process, and six months after its implementation we have a fully staffed data science team. I have selected our projects, lead our deployments, and defined our successes with measurable KPIs. As one of the few specialists on the developer side, I lead both formal and informal events to educate departments about data science and its applications at Braintree. I've developed relationships with our PayPal counterparts and have begun exploring opportunities in integrating their work into our process. Data Scientist Company Name Allstate Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos • Prototyped and developed proprietary optimization systems• Created a custom interactive GUI web application for data visualization to enable senior management decision making• Led implementation team in the rollout of a proprietary data transformation, validation, model scoring, and optimization process• Responsible for providing clear, succinct, progress report presentations on technically complex projects to senior leadership • Collaborated with key leaders from multiple business segments to improve efficiencies in rating plan implementations • Developed automated processes to replace manual and inefficient methods Associate Data Scientist Company Name Allstate Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos • Built Neural Networks in R and Mathematica• Custom built GUIs to allow non-coders a clean and intuitive way to make data driven decisions• Developed by-peril loss models• Debugged and refactored state specific prototype into working country wide tool See more positions Education DePaul University - Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business Degree Name Masters of Science Field Of Study Economics and Policy Analysis Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Knox College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics and Pyschology Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 26 endorsements for Python 26 Python Endorsed by Matthew Drury and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Kevin’s colleagues at Grubhub Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Modeling See 17 endorsements for Predictive Modeling 17 Predictive Modeling Endorsed by Jeffrey Strickland, Ph.D., CMSP and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kevin’s colleagues at Grubhub Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 17 endorsements for Machine Learning 17 Machine Learning Endorsed by Matthew Drury, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kevin’s colleagues at Grubhub Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kevin has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Complementary Group Rating System Interests DePaul University - Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business 19,651 followers Big Data Analytics and Hadoop 22,961 members Python Professionals 64,584 members RDataMining: R and Data Mining 25,913 members Allstate 147,550 followers DePaul University - Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business 19,876 followers See all See all following
