More Actions Zhuoli(Julie) has a account Zhuoli(Julie) Li Equity Research - General Industrials Drexel Hamilton, LLC University of Rochester - Simon Business School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity Research Analyst with three-years-experience independently covering general industrials, and prior to that another two years as associate assisting senior research analysts (Telecom, Software, Semiconductor, Financial Services). Skilled in Industry Research, Equity Valuation, Capital Markets, and Financial Modeling. Received M.S. in Finance Degree from University of Rochester in 2012. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Drexel Hamilton, LLC Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location New York, NY Covering General Industrials Sector: - Jason Industries (JASN) - CECO Environmental (CECE) - HD Supply (HDS) - Rogers Corporation (ROG) - Strattec Security Corporation (STRT) - Schweitzer-Mauduit International Inc. (SWM) Equity Research Associate Company Name Drexel Hamilton, LLC Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location New York, NY Intern, Corporate Banking Coverage Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Beijing, China Education University of Rochester - Simon Business School Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 -Merit Scholarship Recipient-Dean’s List-Member of Financial Management Association (FMA), Market Timer Club, Simon Volunteers, Winter Sports Club. Zhejiang University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 -Pre-selected student-Representative, China Future Leadership Project Traveled to U.S. to discuss financial policy with Nobel Prize winner, Professor Ronald McKinnon at Stanford University. -Organizer, National Volunteering Teaching Program for Underprivileged Children Led an 18-member team to work as volunteer teachers at low-income rural schools in Guizhou Province-Debate Team Leader, Top 8 Team Recognition -Delegate, Model UN The High School affiliated to Renmin University of China Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 -Pre-selected student Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 43 endorsements for Financial Modeling 43 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Yi (Vivian) Zhang and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Zhuoli(Julie)’s colleagues at Drexel Hamilton, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 29 endorsements for Bloomberg 29 Bloomberg Endorsed by Siwen (Rebecca) Hu and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Zhuoli(Julie)’s colleagues at Drexel Hamilton, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 23 endorsements for Valuation 23 Valuation Endorsed by Yi (Vivian) Zhang and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Zhuoli(Julie) has 14 courses 14 Expand courses section Courses Accounting for Management and Control Capital Budgeting Cases in Finance Corporate Finance Corporate Finance Accounting Economics Economics Theory of Organization Entrepreneurial Finance Financial Reporting II Financial Statement Analysis Zhuoli(Julie) has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Series 87 Series 86 Series 66 Series 7 Zhuoli(Julie) has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English (Fluent) French (Conversational) Mandarin (Native) Interests NYSSA (The Official Group) 6,005 members J.P. Morgan 833,555 followers CECO Environmental Corporation 1,630 followers Developers, Engineers & Techies (Java .NET C# HTML5 Android iOs Windows PHP SQL Python Ruby) 155,925 members Lydall 2,255 followers United Technologies 96,256 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hans has a account Hans FAN, CFA Equity Research Analyst (Chinese banks, brokers and AMCs) at Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank Hong Kong University of Science and Technology - School of Business and Management Hong Kong 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail A sell-side banking analyst covering Chinese banks and financial services companies, with 5-yr equity research experience and 3-yr corporate banking experience spanning transaction banking, credit risk management, corporate finance and relationship management. Differentiators as sell-side analyst: - Instrumental contribution to No. 2 Banking Research Team of Institutional Investor All-Asia Poll 2014 & 2015 - 3-yr corporate banking experience with solid knowledge on bank products, client dynamics and risk management; - Strong relationships with listed Chinese banks; - Propriatery contact lists with bankers in Chinese banks from various locations and departments CFA charter holder; native mandarin speaker; fluent in Cantonese and English See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst (Chinese banks) Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Hong Kong Team member of No. 2 Banking Research Team of Institutional Investor All-Asia Poll 2014 & 2015Responsibilities:- Writing analyst on China financials - lead analyst of A-share Chinese banks (SPDB, INDB, CEB, PAB, BOBJ, BONJ and BONB), smaller H-share banks (Huishang Bank and BOCQ) and Cinda Asset Management; secondary analyst of other H-share Chinese banksProducts:- An 88-page initiation reports on A-share Chinese banks completed within only one month- Assisted in sector reports on corporate bond, trust sector, interbank rules, WMPs and other regular updates- Marketing in London, Singapore, Beijing and ShanghaiCorporate access:- Organized three financial trips and toured 37 investors in total, travelling in Shanghai/Beijing/Hangzhou/Chengdu/Chongqing focusing and visiting banks, trust companies, financial exchanges, regulators and government officials- Assisted in organizing a panel discussion on shadow banking with 40+ investors attended- Toured the NDR in HK for Noah Holdings (NOAH US) in early Dec 2013- Toured the NDR in Stockholm and Edinburgh for China CITIC Bank (998 HK) in April 2014- Completed five customized reverse roadshows for investor clients to talk/meet with banks, trust companies and AMCs in Beijing/Wuhan or over the phoneDeals:- Harbin Bank (6138 HK) IPO of US$1.3bn Equity Research Analyst (China Financials) Company Name CIMB-GK Securities Pte Ltd Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Hong Kong Responsibilities:- Covering China banks (9 H-share banks) and non-bank financials (e.g. brokers, financial leasing, microfinance)Products:- Thematic sector report on LGFV, WMP, TBRT and fee income- Regular company and sector updatesCorporate Access:- Toured Minsheng for 3-day non-deal roadshow in London- Hosted a luncheon with an expert speaker from trust industry- Organized on-the-ground trips in Beijing and Shanghai to meet with banks, regulators, trust companies and AMCs Equity Research Analyst (China banks) Company Name Standard Chartered Bank Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Hong Kong Responsibilities: - Covered Chongqing Rural Commercial Bank (3618 HK), China Everbright Bank (601818 CH) and Noah (NOAH US) - Assisted in covering other 12 China banks; gradually took responsibility to cover 6 smaller ones (CITIC, Minsheng, SPDB, Industrial, PAB and BOB); maintained bank models and databases; kept regular contacts with bankers in ChinaClient traction:- Scored several panel votes and built good relationships with plenty of clients (80 non-email client activities per month)Products:- Initiated coverages on Noah (Mar 11), CEB (Dec 11) and CRCB (Mar 12)- Worked closely with lead analyst on the PRC bank sector (e.g. shadow banking, wealth management products, general sector reports, regular updates, monthly financial system risk monitoring and on-the-ground trip takeaways)- Assisted in several pieces on regional banks (LGFVs, personal financial services in Asia, China’s corporate solvency)- Assisted to complete two pre-IPO research: 1) Haitong Securities (US$2bn offering) 2) Hilong Holdings (HK$1bn)Corporate access:- Toured two non-deal roadshow for ICBC (Sep and Dec 2012) and one for Noah (Jun 2011) in Hong Kong- Organized five on-the-ground trips in China with focus on credit quality and NIM trend Associate - Commodity Client Group, Corporate Banking Company Name Standard Chartered Bank Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Beijing, China Responsibilities:. Assist to maintain & deepen the relationships and to provide customized banking products to clients. Conduct thorough financial / business model analysis and prepare Business Credit Applications (BCA)Achievements:. Worked closely with Senior RM to manage USD300mn portfolio with more than 60% utilization ratio, and achieved USD4mn (onshore & offshore) revenue for 2009 and USD1.5mn revenue till May 2010. Industries covered: soybean processing, cashmere, palm oil, cotton, copper, etc.. Took charge of BCA preparation for all new & renewal BCAs with deep understanding of client businesses. Closed the first Dealer Finance Program of RMB100mn for global commodity clients Risk Analyst, Credit Risk Management, Corporate Banking Company Name Standard Chartered Bank Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Shanghai, China - Reviewed 20+ credit applications across industries of automobile, wholesale trade, airline, metal & mining etc.- Conducted industry researches (automobile, airline and commodity trading) and company researches- Prepared the Wholesale Bank Portfolio Review for the bank’s top meeting on quarterly basis- Prepare 5 regular monitoring reports and Key Control Self-Assessment timely and accurately See more positions Education Hong Kong University of Science and Technology - School of Business and Management Degree Name Master of Science in Economics Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Master of Science in Economics, graduated in Nov 07. Taught in English. GPA: 9.88/12.0 Ecole supérieure de Commerce de Montpellier Degree Name Bachelor in Business Administration Field Of Study Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Bachelor of Business Administration. Exchange student and taught in English. Rank: top 10%. Awarded Excellent Graduate. Sichuan University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Bachelor of Economics. Major average: 88/100. Twice awarded Synthetic Scholarship Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 23 endorsements for Financial Modeling 23 Financial Modeling Endorsed by MUJAHID RASUL, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Hans’ colleagues at Standard Chartered Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 17 endorsements for Corporate Finance 17 Corporate Finance Endorsed by MUJAHID RASUL, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Hans’ colleagues at Standard Chartered Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 16 endorsements for Valuation 16 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Hans’ colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Natalie Hong Investment Manager at TUS International October 2, 2013, Natalie was a client of Hans’ Natalie was a diligent, detail-focused and responsive investment analyst. As a client of mine, she asked straight-to-the-point questions and got the general industry trends. She was able to quickly understand a company or a specific issue. Accomplishments Hans has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,544,578 followers Montpellier Business School 17,229 followers Equity Research Analysts - A New Beginning - by Spartan Partnership 2,550 members 四川大学 43,916 followers Deutsche Bank 567,755 followers HKUST Business School 13,839 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium David Maris Equity Research Analyst, Managing Director at Wells Fargo Wells Fargo Vanderbilt University - Owen Graduate School of Management Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail 6 time Institutional Investor magazine #1 ranked analyst. Experience on both the buyside at a leading hedge fund and the sellside. Former contributor to Forbes. Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst, Managing Director Company Name Wells Fargo Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location New York Equity Research Analyst, Managing Director Company Name BMO Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Equity Research Analyst Company Name CLSA Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Portfolio Manager Company Name Balyasny Asset Management L.P. Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Healthcare Analyst Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location NY See more positions Education Vanderbilt University - Owen Graduate School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 56 endorsements for Equity Research 56 Equity Research Endorsed by James Kelly and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of David’s colleagues at CLSA Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 27 endorsements for Hedge Funds 27 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Joe Riccardo and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of David’s colleagues at Bank of America Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 21 endorsements for Equities 21 Equities Endorsed by Barbara Ryan and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of David’s colleagues at Bank of America Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests NYSSA (The Official Group) 6,005 members Wells Fargo 569,442 followers Herb GreenbergHerb Greenberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at Pacific Square Research 333,262 followers Bethany McLeanBethany McLean is a LinkedIn Influencer Journalist 138,606 followers Vanderbilt University - Owen Graduate School of Management 10,441 followers Conan O'BrienConan O&#39;Brien is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Conan 447,764 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jim has a account Jim Ford Senior Global Equity Research Analyst at Long Focus Capital Long Focus Capital Cornell University - S.C. Johnson Graduate School of Management Greenville, South Carolina 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail After graduating in 2010 from The Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell with an MBA focused on capital markets and asset management, I accepted a position on the Latin American team at Fidelity as a global research analyst in Miami. In mid-2012 I joined Long Focus Capital as senior global equity research analyst. At Long Focus, we invest opportunistically in liquid markets across the globe, including equities, commodities, currencies, and fixed income. Our equity investment process is driven primarily by valuation and derived through fundamental research, though we fall in the broad classification of a global macro hedge fund because of our selective non-correlated macro-related capabilities. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Long Focus Capital Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Greenville, South Carolina Area Global equity research analyst primarily covering energy, industrial, telecom, media, and technology sectors.• Perform fundamental research and valuation work on a wide array of sectors, including analyzing financial statements, evaluating management teams and their strategic direction, and conducting sector-level research.• Support the Chief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager in equity buy/sell decisions and position sizing. (The core portfolio is invested with a deep value mindset with a two+ year time horizon, has minimal leverage, and uses options to capitalize on opportunities that have an asymmetric risk/reward profile.) • Evaluate investment ideas and determine which are appropriate for a separate, long-only Growth and Income Fund.• Evaluate investment ideas and determine which are appropriate for a separate, long-only Preservation and Income Fund. Board of Directors: Chairman of the Board Company Name Triertown Solutions, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Chairman of the Board Company Name East Crown Enterprises Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Board of Directors: Treasurer Company Name Asia Impact, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Board of Directors: Trustee Company Name Ephron Pacific Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos See more positions Education Cornell University - S.C. Johnson Graduate School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Management, Capital Markets and Asset Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Investment Management Club Vice President; Johnson Christian Fellowship President; Chinese Business Association; Asian Business Association Portfolio Manager at the long-short equity hedge fund, The Cayuga MBA Fund 西南大学 Field Of Study Chinese Lanuage and Culture Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Zhong-wai Jiao Huan Xie Hui (Western and Chinese Exchange Association)- Co-founder and foreign student rep, CQ Area Homeless Outreach coordinator The University of Alabama Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance, Computer-Based Honors, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Activities and Societies: Mortar Board- President; National Communication Chairperson, Campus Crusade for Christ - President, Anderson Society, Computer-Based Honors, The Jasons, Omicron Delta Kappa, Blue Key, University Honors Program, Phi Eta Sigma, etc... See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 21 endorsements for Valuation 21 Valuation Endorsed by Gerard Hallaren, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 16 endorsements for Equity Research 16 Equity Research Gerard Hallaren, CFA and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 16 endorsements for Financial Modeling 16 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Stephen Calk, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (4) Gerard Hallaren, CFA Seeking short term research/valuation/financial analysis assignments while Perimeter Investments gets registered. March 13, 2016, Gerard reported directly to Jim Jim Ford is an outstanding analyst and research leader. Jim's research preparation and approach set a standard for the research department. He understands how to identify what is important and focuses investment case on the important issues. Jim's communications skills made the research director position look easy. Jim's interpersonal skills made the department more productive and generated better returns. Analysts could count on constructive feedback. The Sales and Trading desks knew him, and all the analysts, as teammates. Count on Jim to be a reliable and resourceful teammate and leader. Peter Griffin Vice President - Institutional Equity Sales at Bank of America Merrill Lynch June 28, 2009, Jim worked with Peter in the same group Jim is great work with! He's a diligent worker with a great sense of direction and focus. His sense of humor makes each day a little brighter. -Peter View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Gerard Hallaren, CFA Seeking short term research/valuation/financial analysis assignments while Perimeter Investments gets registered. March 14, 2016, Gerard worked with Jim in the same group Gerard is an excellent researcher and dynamic teammate. He has years of industry and research experience in a range of industries. His intellectual curiosity and high energy level enabled him to tackle new industries and geographies as well. Gerard was always prepared and reliable, and was quick to offer help and perspective at a moment's notice, making him an invaluable teammate. Wes McGinnis Director at IndustryPro January 22, 2013, Jim managed Wes directly Wes is a talented linguist with a love for diverse cultures, people, and ideas. During my two years in China working with Wes I saw his depth of understanding of Chinese language and culture continually increase. He also has an amazing talent for relating to and bringing together people of diverse backgounds due to his strong interpersonal and cross-cultural skills. I count it a privilege to have worked with him. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Jim has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Interests Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Ivy League Alumni 34,503 members Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell 27,571 followers The University of Alabama 151,014 followers Southwest China Normal University 882 followers See all See all following
More Actions James has a account James Midgley Equity Research Analyst at Mirabaud Securities Mirabaud Securities Limited University of Oxford London, United Kingdom 233 233 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Oil and Gas Analyst Company Name Mirabaud Securities Limited Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs Oil and Gas Analyst Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Education University of Oxford Degree Name MEarthSci Field Of Study Geology Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 5 endorsements for Valuation 5 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of James’ colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 5 endorsements for Equities 5 Equities Endorsed by 2 of James’ colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 3 endorsements for Investment Banking 3 Investment Banking Oliver Taylor and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Rhydian Williams Business Development Manager - EAME at Ikon Science June 19, 2012, Rhydian managed James directly Diligence and attention to detail were trademarks of James' work ethic. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Oxford 324,073 followers Ermysted's Grammar School Alumni 275 members Equity Research in the London Market 317 members Petroleum Exploration Of Great Britain (PEXGB) 4,389 members University of Oxford 278,181 followers Hertford College alumni, University of Oxford 1,486 members
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Connelly Equity Research Analyst CLSA NYU Stern School of Business New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Sell-side,equity analyst covering Global Agriculture, Fertilizer, Seed/Biotech, Diversified Chemicals, and Forest Products. Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name CLSA Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Global Agriculture, Diversified Chemicals, and Paper & Forest Products research. Managing Director Company Name Sterne Agee Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Basic Materials Research (fertilizer and seed, chemicals, forest products) Research Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Mar 2000 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 8 yrs 11 mos Head of Basic Materials Research. Primary coverage for Ag (fertilizer, seed-biotech), Major Chemicals, and Forest Products. Global Head of Ag Science Team. Research Analyst Company Name JP Morgan Securities Dates Employed Jun 1990 – Mar 2000 Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Investment Banking, High Yield Bonds, Equity Research Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 37 endorsements for Equity Research 37 Equity Research Endorsed by Al Jackson and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mark’s colleagues at CLSA Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 29 endorsements for Equities 29 Equities Endorsed by Patrice Aitken and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Mark’s colleagues at CLSA Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 17 endorsements for Investment Banking 17 Investment Banking Endorsed by Peter Weiss and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mark’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests NYU Stern School of Business 100,903 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,949 followers CLSA 11,776 followers
More Actions Ted has a account Ted Chang, CFA Equity Research Analyst Thornburg Investment Management University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business Santa Fe, New Mexico 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Thornburg Investment Management Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Santa Fe, New Mexico Global Generalist Research Analyst Company Name 300 North Capital, LLC Dates Employed May 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Pasadena Fundamental research of growth equities in the Industrials and Materials sectors. Commodities and global macroeconomic research. Investment Analyst, Endowment Company Name University of Southern California Dates Employed Apr 2012 – May 2012 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Los Angeles Energy and Real Assets Business Risk Analyst Company Name Zurich Financial Services Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Business Development Associate Company Name QuinStreet Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Education University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Student Investment Fund: Provident Growth Fund; American Finance Association: President, 2012 University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Political Science and Government Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Los Gatos High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 18 endorsements for Strategy 18 Strategy Endorsed by Brandon Cohan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ted’s colleagues at 300 North Capital, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 16 endorsements for Financial Modeling 16 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Brandon Cohan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ted’s colleagues at 300 North Capital, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 10 endorsements for Financial Analysis 10 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Ted’s colleagues at 300 North Capital, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Mike Packer Senior Associate, Investment Development at ClearLight Partners August 16, 2011, Mike and Ted were students together It was a privilege to work with Ted during the first year of business school at USC. Ted brought strong leadership, strategic thinking, and an intense work ethic to our team. It was Ted's ability to lead team discussions, draw conclusions from data, and present our findings in a clear, concise fashion that allowed our team to receive the highest grade in the class on a strategy project related to Activision. Ted was also elected as the president of the American Finance Association at USC and is very comfortable in an executive role. Ted is the kind of person who improves every organization he is a part of and I am glad I had the chance to work him. Mike Packer Senior Associate, Investment Development at ClearLight Partners August 10, 2011, Ted and Mike were students together I had the distinct pleasure of having Mike in my pre-assigned "core" team-of-six during my first year at Marshall. I can honestly say that without Mike's work ethic, analytical ability, sound judgment, and resolute leadership, our team would have fallen apart. He brought a level-headed approach to every project and seamlessly included everyone's input while highlighting their individual strengths. To be able to perform as he did in the fast-paced nature of our first year, while still caring for a young daughter at home is truly remarkable. I strongly and unequivocally recommend Mike for any team or leadership position. His potential is limitless and the range of his accomplishments no longer surprises me (like when I discovered he spoke fluent Mandarin). I would gladly embark on any future endeavor with Mike. Accomplishments Ted has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Equity Research Analysts - A New Beginning - by Spartan Partnership 2,550 members Asset TV - U.S. Group 6,927 members University of California, Los Angeles 512,137 followers Thornburg Investment Management 2,760 followers Nuveen 10,102 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Meister Large Cap Equity Research Analyst at Thrivent Asset Management Thrivent Asset Management University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire Oshkosh, Wisconsin Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Even as a kid, I have been interested in risk versus reward scenarios and expected value calculations, although I didn’t know it at the time. Perhaps it came from my father teaching me how to play poker at age 6 or from handicapping football games in high school? I have spent 20 years in equity research. The first 10 years were at sell-side firms Robert Baird and Stifel Nicolaus and the remaining 10 years at Thrivent Asset Management. My work experience on the sell-side built my skills in financial modeling and company research. In addition, I learned the softer skills of report writing and communicating concisely and accurately with buyside customers. It was on the sell-side that learned the importance of delivering impeccable client service. I also learned how to deliver an outstanding investor conference experience helping present Baird’s Industrial conference in Chicago. My career experience at Baird and Stifel focused my research efforts on the Industrial and Transportation sectors, which I now consider myself expert in. The training and encouragement I received was exceptional and I am grateful to both firms and the individuals I worked with closely. At Thrivent, I focus on asset selection in a relative performance framework. Thrivent is process driven and I have refined my industry analysis, stock picking, idea generation, and valuation to be more consistent and repeatable. I presently work with a passionate team of talented investment professionals. A career aspiration is to be in the top 10% of analysts in the broader Industrial sector. I also have an entrepreneurial streak. In 1998, I co-founded a business that sought to connect industry experts with investors. In 2008, I helped fund Nth Penguin, a software consultancy. In 2005, through 2 satellite tournaments, I qualified for the World Series of Poker main event. I finished 334th that year and cashed! Additionally, I still enjoy playing golf, having played since age 14. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Large Cap Equity Research Analyst Company Name Thrivent Asset Management Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location Appleton, WI Equity research analyst specializing in large capitalization companies in the following industries: Aerospace/Defense, Transportation (Integrated, Road & Rail) Auto & Auto Parts, Diversified Industrials, Machinery, Ag Equipment, Industrial Conglomerates, and Airlines. Portfolio Manager Company Name Thrivent Asset Mgmt Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Appleton, WI Vice President, Equity Research Company Name Stifel Nicolaus Dates Employed Oct 2002 – May 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Denver, CO Vice President, Equity Research Company Name Robert W. Baird Dates Employed Mar 1995 – Nov 2001 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Education University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Economics Grade Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Activities and Societies: Economics Society (ODE) Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 15 endorsements for Equity Research 15 Equity Research Endorsed by Craig Johnson CFA CMT, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Andrew’s colleagues at Thrivent Financial Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 13 endorsements for Financial Modeling 13 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Andrew’s colleagues at Thrivent Financial Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 12 endorsements for Valuation 12 Valuation Endorsed by 3 of Andrew’s colleagues at Thrivent Financial Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Andrew has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Financial Trading in R Up and Running with R Introduction to Data Science Managing and Analyzing Data in Excel 2010 CFA Interests GE 1,450,157 followers Millennium Management 13,430 followers Sigma Capital 522 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Morgan Stanley 590,739 followers Higher Education CFOs 15 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Michael Nannizzi Innovation and technology in insurance W. R. Berkley Corporation NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: insurtech, collaboration and partnership across emerging technology in insurance Highlights Michael’s Activity XL Innovate helps seed GeoQuant political risk startup Michael liked Miami-based Berkley Latin America & Caribbean and Corporate employees celebrated W. R. Berkley Corporation’s 50th anniversary by serving lunch to over 400 individuals at the Camillus House. Thank you to the Camillus House for providing essentials resources to the South Florida community. https://lnkd.in/dmS_uCG Michael liked See all activity Experience Director- investments Company Name W. R. Berkley Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research Analyst- Insurance Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed 2010 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 7 yrs Equity Research Analyst- Insurance Company Name Oppenheimer Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Equity Research Analyst- Mortgage and Specialty Finance Company Name Bear Stearns Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Specialty Finance junior analyst, coverage includes GSEs, mortgage insurers, mortgage REITs, student lenders Vice President Company Name Macromarkets.com Dates Employed Jun 2003 – Sep 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Company founded by Yale economist and author Robert Shiller with goal of creating structures to allow people to hedge esoteric risks, with a specific focus on home prices (Case-Shiller Indexes). See more positions Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Marquette University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting/International Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Volunteer Experience Trustee, NDSC foundation Company Name National Downs Syndrome Congress Dates volunteered Nov 2012 – Apr 2015 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 6 mos Cause Social Services Trustee responsibilities included helping to guide the investment process- manager selection, investment concentration parameters, and other factors. Coordination with the underlying charity also included helping to manage specific event fundraising as well as earmarking funds for marketing campaigns. Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 10 endorsements for Finance 10 Finance Endorsed by Matt Rohrmann, CAIA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Bear Stearns Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 9 endorsements for Equity Research 9 Equity Research Endorsed by Matt Rohrmann, CAIA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 9 endorsements for Equities 9 Equities Endorsed by James Pacetti and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests NYU Stern School of Business 89,951 followers W. R. Berkley Corporation 9,005 followers Acadia Insurance (a Berkley Company) 2,740 followers UpGuard 1,347 followers Continuum Dynamics Inc 78 followers Marquette University 87,352 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stan has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Stan Zlotsky, CFA Vice President, Software Equity Research at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley Rutgers University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail CFA Series 7/63/86/87 Highlights Follow Follow Stan’s Activity 894 followers Apollo to Present at the Morgan Stanley Financials Conference Stan liked See all activity Experience Vice President, Software Equity Research Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Covering analyst of the SaaS/application software space including NetSuite, ZenDesk, Hubspot, Workiva, Opower, Cvent, Veeva, Jive, and BazaarVoice. Associate on large-cap software names: CRM, ORCL, ADBE, ADSK. Vice President, Equity Research - Cloud Computing and Software Company Name Deutsche Bank Securities Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Equity research associate covering the Cloud Computing and Software sectors. Senior Software Product Manager Company Name Deutsche Asset Management Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Product manager specializing in portfolio management and trading applications/software Business Analyst/Java Developer Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Equity trading systems specialist and Java software developer Education Rutgers University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Activities and Societies: - MBA Finance and Investment Club Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-New Brunswick Degree Name Electrical Engineering / Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Activities and Societies: - Dean’s List, 1997-2001 (all semesters) - National Engineering Honor Society (Tau Beta Pi) - Golden Key International Honor Society - Web Development Certification Program, May 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 17 endorsements for Equity Research 17 Equity Research Endorsed by 2 of Stan’s colleagues at Deutsche Asset Management Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 12 endorsements for Equities 12 Equities Endorsed by 2 of Stan’s colleagues at Deutsche Asset Management Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 9 endorsements for Capital Markets 9 Capital Markets Endorsed by 2 of Stan’s colleagues at Merrill Lynch Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Stan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests Cloud Computing 465,305 members Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members Software as a Service - SaaS - Group 119,746 members Finance Network (TGL) 5,311 members Rutgers University 267,983 followers Rutgers University 303,119 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Connelly Equity Research Analyst CLSA NYU Stern School of Business New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Sell-side,equity analyst covering Global Agriculture, Fertilizer, Seed/Biotech, Diversified Chemicals, and Forest Products. Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name CLSA Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Global Agriculture, Diversified Chemicals, and Paper & Forest Products research. Managing Director Company Name Sterne Agee Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Basic Materials Research (fertilizer and seed, chemicals, forest products) Research Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Mar 2000 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 8 yrs 11 mos Head of Basic Materials Research. Primary coverage for Ag (fertilizer, seed-biotech), Major Chemicals, and Forest Products. Global Head of Ag Science Team. Research Analyst Company Name JP Morgan Securities Dates Employed Jun 1990 – Mar 2000 Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Investment Banking, High Yield Bonds, Equity Research Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 37 endorsements for Equity Research 37 Equity Research Endorsed by Al Jackson and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mark’s colleagues at CLSA Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 29 endorsements for Equities 29 Equities Endorsed by Patrice Aitken and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Mark’s colleagues at CLSA Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 17 endorsements for Investment Banking 17 Investment Banking Endorsed by Peter Weiss and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mark’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests CLSA 11,776 followers NYU Stern School of Business 100,903 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,949 followers
More Actions Laurent has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Laurent Vasilescu Senior Equity Research Analyst at Macquarie Capital Macquarie Group Columbia University - Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Macquarie Group Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Senior Equity Research Coverage of the U.S. Sportswear and Softline Industry: Nike, Under Armour, VF Corp, Columbia Sportswear, Lululemon, Ralph Lauren, Tiffany & Co, Fossil, Wolverine World Wide and Deckers Outdoor Corporation Equity Research Associate Company Name FBR Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Second Year MBA Internship Company Name BNY Mellon Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo MBA Graduate Student Company Name Columbia Business School Dates Employed Aug 2008 – May 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Full Time MBA Student with Concentration in Finance MBA Summer Associate Company Name Lazard Asset Management Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 2 mos See more positions Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Paul Sonkin Prize for Value Investing, NYSSA Stock Pitch Finalist Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Laurent has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Series 7, 63, 86 and 87 Interests Columbia Business School 83,291 followers Columbia University in the City of New York 286,872 followers Columbia Business School 74,055 followers Columbia Alumni Association Network 55,902 members Columbia University in the City of New York 257,523 followers Macquarie Group 156,042 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bob has a account Bob Summers Equity Research Analyst at Macquarie Group Macquarie Group Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Greater New York City Area 416 416 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Macquarie Group Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Equity Research Analyst Company Name Susquehanna International Group, LLP (SIG) Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Equity Research Analyst Company Name Pali Capital Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bear Stearns Investment Bank Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Equity Research Analyst Company Name Banc Of America Investment Svc Dates Employed Aug 1999 – Apr 2005 Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos See more positions Education Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 2 endorsements for Equities 2 Equities Endorsed by Andrew Hamerling, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 1 endorsement for Bloomberg 1 Bloomberg Tom Cramer has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 1 endorsement for Equity Research 1 Equity Research Endorsed by Andrew Hamerling, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Virginia Tech 195,213 followers Macquarie Group 156,042 followers Virginia Tech 200,482 followers
More Actions Bonnie has a account Bonnie Herzog Managing Director at Wells Fargo Securities Wells Fargo Securities Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Sloan School of Management Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Sell Side Research, Investing, Finance, Banking, Consultant, Consumer Products, Sales and Marketing Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 238 endorsements for Investments 99+ Investments Endorsed by David Trainer and 13 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Bonnie’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 213 endorsements for Strategy 99+ Strategy Endorsed by Suley Muratoglu and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Bonnie’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 183 endorsements for Financial Analysis 99+ Financial Analysis Endorsed by Sikandar Hashmi and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Bonnie’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Angela Larson Office Manager at Aquila Productions April 12, 2010, Angela worked with Bonnie in different groups Bonnie and I were research analyst at the same time, albeit covering different sectors. In our time at Citigroup (a 4 year overlap), I could go to her anytime to generate ideas for projects, collaborate on FDA actions, and discuss industry trends. I know Bonnie to be a professional that takes her job seriously, scrubbing down to the details. However, she is also flexible in analytical skills to go from financial analysis to industry trends and perspective. Frankly there aren't many nice analyst, and Bonnie is one. Devang Gardi, CPA Senior Finance Manager at Microsoft September 6, 2009, Bonnie was senior to Devang but didn’t manage directly I have had the privilege of working with Bonnie during the two years I was at Citigroup. She has the amazing ability to blend in business practicality and understanding of the consumer sector. At the same time, her mastery of attention to detail and her understanding of business strategy and finance ensures that very granularity of business is analysed - a very important trait in equity research. Most importantly, she is such a kind-hearted person that I always feel privileged to be her colleague Angela Larson Office Manager at Aquila Productions May 3, 2010, Angela worked with Bonnie in the same group Angela and I worked together as Senior Equity Research Analysts at Citigroup for 4 years. Although we covered different sectors, I often sought out advice from Angela on a number of different topics given her tremendous industry experience. Angela was widely respected for her intelligence, financial acumen, and creativity. Angela not only works very well with others but she is an effective leader. I thoroughly enjoyed working with Angela and highly recommend her. Interests Global Equity Research 14,441 members Brewbound Craft Beer Business Group 5,440 members Citi Alumni 84,254 members CAGE | Consumer Analyst Group of Europe 1,394 members Investor Relations Network 8,890 members Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,230 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tomasz has a account Tomasz Grzelak, CFA Equity Research Analyst Helvea Universität St. Gallen-Hochschule für Wirtschafts-, Rechts- und Sozialwissenschaften Zürich Area, Switzerland 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow Tomasz’s Activity 867 followers Im Rahmen des CAS Digital Finance durfte unser Andy Siemers , zusammen mit Andreas Pages und den dititalen Rockstars' von Rino Borini ein interessantes Fallbeispiel durchgehen: Wie soll sich ein Marktführer gegenüber neuen Geschäftsmodellen aufstellen? Hier der Erfahrungsbericht: shttps://lnkd.in/gC6vjbx Tomasz liked Death of the human investor: Just 10% of trading is regular stock picking, JPMorgan estimates Tomasz liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 30 endorsements for Financial Modeling 30 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Georg Wiegel, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Tomasz’s colleagues at MainFirst Group Click and drag to reorder skills Quantitative Finance See 27 endorsements for Quantitative Finance 27 Quantitative Finance Endorsed by 2 of Tomasz’s colleagues at MainFirst Group Click and drag to reorder skills Macroeconomics See 19 endorsements for Macroeconomics 19 Macroeconomics Mirza Čardaklija and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Universität St.Gallen - Hochschule für Wirtschafts-, Rechts- und Sozialwissenschaften 39,656 followers Structured Products and Investments 8000+ (structuredproducts.com) 9,668 members Helvea 429 followers Private Equity, M&A, and Venture Capital Investments 323,287 members Ludwig-Maximilians Universität München 73,606 followers PRMIA - Professional Risk Managers' International Association 46,594 members See all See all following
More Actions Olavo has a account Olavo Arthuzo Equity Research Analyst Santander Bank, N.A. Universidade de São Paulo São Paulo Area, Brazil 304 304 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Interests The University of New Mexico 92,045 followers Safra 60,068 followers Universidade de São Paulo 299,350 followers Merrill Lynch 396,680 followers USP - UNIVERSIDADE DE SÃO PAULO 10,916 members Euromonitor International 89,570 followers See all See all following
More Actions Elizabeth has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Elizabeth Krutoholow Senior Equity Research Analyst, Healthcare at Bloomberg LP Bloomberg LP New York University London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections InMail I am a Senior Equity Research Analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence (BI) covering the specialty and generic pharmaceutical sectors. I have a particular interest in oncology, hematology, rare diseases and biosimilars. I have been covering the health care sector with a focus on drug development for the past 9 years. I have participated in numerous conferences and have experience with reporters, TV and radio. I am managing a team as a Team Leader in London for BI. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Biotechnology See 25 endorsements for Biotechnology 25 Biotechnology Endorsed by Simos Simeonidis, PhD, MBA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Elizabeth’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Pharmaceutical Industry See 23 endorsements for Pharmaceutical Industry 23 Pharmaceutical Industry Endorsed by Mark Schoenebaum, MD and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Competitive Analysis See 10 endorsements for Competitive Analysis 10 Competitive Analysis Endorsed by Adam Dion, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Interests Biotech, Medical & Pharmaceutical Investment 19,153 members Boston University 266,565 followers Boston University 281,119 followers Women In Bio - Metro New York 164 members Relevante Financial Analyst Group 7,563 members Life Science Venture Capital 3,624 members See all See all following
More Actions Christopher has a account Christopher Rolland Semiconductor and Hardware Analyst at FBR & Co. Susquehanna International Group, LLP (SIG) Columbia University - Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation Valuation Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg Bloomberg Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Traci Tsuchiguchi Vice President, Investor Relations at CA Technologies February 24, 2015, Christopher worked with Traci but at different companies Traci's experience on both the buy-side and sell-side help her distill and communicate essential company information. She has the acute ability to both simplify highly technical concepts, but also breakdown high-level concepts into useful data driven models. Her presentations are always flawless... and delivered with a smile. Traci is a world-class director of investor relations and I look forward to working with her in the near future. Chris Toth Vice President, Investor Relations at The Trade Desk, Inc. January 8, 2015, Christopher worked with Chris but at different companies Fantastic director of investor relations. Able to distill and communicate extremely difficult subject matter effectively. Spends time examining the semiconductor industry more broadly, providing important context for his company's position. Always available, always knowledgable and always reliable, I look forward to working with Chris for years to come.
More Actions Kevin has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Kevin Liu Investment Analyst at Marshall Wace Marshall Wace Cornell University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Equity analyst at global hedge fund. Focus on fundamental long/short equity investing in tech, media, telecom. Highlights Interests CGOV Asset Management 588 followers Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members Cornell University Alumni and Faculty Network 1,608 members T. Rowe Price 50,281 followers Marshall Wace 2,604 followers Picton Mahoney Asset Management 1,539 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Davis Equity Research Analyst at T. Rowe Price T. Rowe Price The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 17 endorsements for Investments 17 Investments Endorsed by Kwame Webb, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Andrew’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 14 endorsements for Equities 14 Equities Endorsed by Kwame Webb, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Andrew’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 14 endorsements for Equity Research 14 Equity Research Endorsed by 4 of Andrew’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Keith Adams Principal at Deloitte Transactions and Business Analytics LLP June 1, 2009, Keith managed Andrew directly Andrew was an excellent resource from the day he started with us fresh out of college. His work ethic is strong and his analysis skills are second to none. He adapts easily, mutli-tasks well, and applies a practical approach to problem solving. As he progressed, he also became a great teacher and role model for new hires. If Andrew ever wants to come back, the door is wide open. Jeremy Warren Vice President Multi-Cultural Lending NMLS# 7534 February 19, 2009, Andrew worked with Jeremy but at different companies Jeremy is one of the brightest sales and marketing professionals I know. He has an innate ability to connect with various types of people and is exceptional at building relationships and leading others. He has a very bright knowledge of marketing strategy and I would highly recommend him to any organization who is looking to add a hard working and talented professional.- Andrew Davis Interests Value Investing Congress 12,891 members The University of Chicago Booth School of Business 65,387 followers Berry College - Campbell School of Business 1,119 followers Phil LeBeauPhil LeBeau is a LinkedIn Influencer correspondent at CNBC 171,838 followers Capital Group | American Funds 58,029 followers Chicago Booth: Investment Management 1,916 members See all See all following
More Actions Jennifer N. has a account Jennifer N. Coombs Associate Professor at College for Financial Planning, Founder & President of GradMoney College for Financial Planning Clarkson University Denver, Colorado 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Coombs is an Associate Professor at the College for Financial Planning, and is the lead instructor for the Chartered Mutual Fund Counselor (CMFC) and the Accredited Asset Management Specialist (AAMS) designation courses. Additionally, she is the Founder & President of GradMoney. Org: an investing education platform directed at simplifying the stock analysis process for young adults and novice investors. Prior to relocating to Colorado, Jennifer served as the Head of Campus Outreach and Contributor Acquisition Manager for Seeking Alpha in New York City. Additionally, she worked as a Senior Equity Research Analyst at Wall Street Strategies, Inc. where she was responsible for the technical and fundamental analysis of the entire stock market for recommendations to individual investors, while also publishing daily economic commentary for the general public. Prior to this, she worked on the buy side as an Associate Equity Research Analyst covering the transportation sub-sector of industrials at AIG SunAmerica Asset Management Corporation. Jennifer also covered Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) and has done broader research in the industrial, financial and consumer sectors. Prior to joining their research department, she worked as a Trading Assistant, actively responsible for SunAmerica's index funds valued at over $7 billion. Additionally, she also worked as an intern in the client portfolio management department at Dwight Asset Management Company - a fixed income subsidiary of Goldman Sachs. Jennifer graduated with distinction (cum laude) from Clarkson University where she earned a B.S. with majors in Financial Information Analysis and Political Science, with minors in Economics and Law. She also has a unique knowledge of international markets, and studied at Sungkyunkwan University in South Korea. Jennifer is a former member of the New York Society of Security Analysts and is a current member of the Financial Planning Association (FPA) of Colorado. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Jennifer N.’s Articles 658 followers How To Indirectly Play the "Weed Rush"​ Jennifer N. Coombs on LinkedIn Publish dateFebruary 28, 2017 See 7 more articles Investing 101: How to Make a Selling Strategy Jennifer N. Coombs on LinkedIn Publish dateSeptember 7, 2016 Featured Skills & Endorsements Portfolio Management See 14 endorsements for Portfolio Management 14 Portfolio Management Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer N.’s colleagues at Wall Street Strategies Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 14 endorsements for Investments 14 Investments Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer N.’s colleagues at Wall Street Strategies Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 13 endorsements for Equities 13 Equities Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer N.’s colleagues at Wall Street Strategies Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Bola Onada Sokunbi Certified Financial Education Instructor, Money Expert & Founder of Clever Girl Finance March 15, 2016, Jennifer N. worked with Bola Onada in the same group I worked with Jennifer to develop and present content for a personal finance workshop for women and working with her was an amazing experience. Jennifer brought her expertise around investing to the group and helped to educate the audience on all things investing and how they should be doing it. She was also able to answer all of their questions in an easy to understand way. I thoroughly enjoyed working with her and look forward to many more partnerships. James Monaghan Head Trader and Senior Vice President at SunAmerica Asset Management Corp. February 1, 2016, James managed Jennifer N. directly Jenny is a very energetic and bright individual. While she was employed at SunAmerica Asset Management, she worked on the trading desk. Due to her ability to pick things up fast, she became instrumental in performing margin tests each day for the futures accounts. Additionally, due to her quest for a vast knowledge of the markets, and her ability to learn new tasks quickly, she became proficient at program trading. I would recommend Jenny for hire at any job, but especially a position in Investments or Trading. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Bola Onada Sokunbi Certified Financial Education Instructor, Money Expert & Founder of Clever Girl Finance April 25, 2016, Bola Onada worked with Jennifer N. in the same group Bola and I met in September 2015 and since then we have been working together to ensure that investing and personal finance become manageable and important topics of discussion for women. Bola has inspired me to take a longer and harder look at the direction of my finances and she has been an absolute joy to work with: her passion for financial education and her genuine interest in the well-being of her clients really shows in all aspects of her business and in her interactions. She is an honest, driven and non-judgmental person who ought to set the tone for what it really means to be a financial adviser. Interests Trustly 4,807 followers Alpha Kappa Psi - Delta Chi Chapter - Clarkson University Alumni 96 members TheStreet 85,993 followers Blue Lagoon Iceland 478 followers Clarkson University 33,827 followers SunAmerica Financial Group 730 members See all See all following
More Actions Sheldon J. has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Sheldon J. DSouza Vice President at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Northeastern University Greater New York City Area 319 319 connections Send InMail Application developer Specialties: Java (J2EE/J2SE), .NET (C#/ASP/VB), Silverlight, Databases(DB2/SQLITE), Financial Software, Microsoft VBA, Web 2.0 pro Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Java See 16 endorsements for Java 16 Java Endorsed by 4 of Sheldon J.’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 14 endorsements for Databases 14 Databases Endorsed by John Josinsky and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Sheldon J.’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 9 endorsements for SQL 9 SQL Endorsed by David Pazmino, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Sheldon J.’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Mihir Mahajan Technical Specialist at IP Spring August 18, 2008, Mihir was senior to Sheldon J. but didn’t manage directly Sheldon was a highly enthusiastic colleague who came up with creative solutions for various issues. He was knowledgeable about software and programming. His witty remarks often livened up dull days. Given an appropriate challenge, Sheldon would be a valuable resource for any team. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Northeastern University 222,594 followers Goldman Sachs 809,527 followers University of Mumbai 482,238 followers University of Mumbai 472,782 followers
More Actions Michelle has a account Michelle Li Head of Research Department at AMTD Group AMTD Group Renmin University of China Hong Kong 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 13 endorsements for Equity Research 13 Equity Research Endorsed by 2 of Michelle’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 11 endorsements for Investment Banking 11 Investment Banking Max Chu and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 10 endorsements for Valuation 10 Valuation Endorsed by Jina Lee, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Sino-American For-Profit-Education-Business Venture 1,939 members Finance Club 1,037,789 members UBS 456,531 followers Renmin University of China 59,208 followers Hong Kong Connection 86,768 members 中国人民大学 55,562 followers See all See all following
More Actions Charley has a account Charley Brady Managing Director - Diversified Industrials Equity Research SunTrust Robinson Humphrey University of Florida - Warrington College Of Business Atlanta, Georgia 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Seasoned equity research analyst with twenty-two years of equity research experience including 18 years covering the Capital Goods, Machinery and Diversified Industrial sectors; Experienced in both company specific and industry analysis; Ability to synthesize large amounts of raw data into actionable ideas and communicate those ideas both verbally and in written form to varied audiences Current coverage includes: AOS, ATU, BRC, CIR, CSL, DCI, DOV, FLS, FTV, GGG, GNRC, IEX, MTW, NDSN, OSK, RXN, THR. Prior coverage included: BUCY, DHR, FSS, GEHL, JOY, RBN, TEX Specialties: Equity Research; Capital Goods; Industrials; Machinery; Financial Modeling; End-market Analysis; Industry Analysis FINRA Series 6, 7, 63, 86, 87 CFA Level 1 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Charley’s Activity 761 followers I just returned from my final business trip to Shady Grove, PA as I am rapidly approaching my July 3rd. exit date to "pause, relax,reflect and see what the next adventure will be". (I am having difficulty using the "Retirement " word, it makes me feel......old?!!). I was surprised with the melancholy feel that I had as I walked through the offices where I started my career in the crane industry 27 years ago as an inexperienced salesman being trained to sell Grove Cranes. I was even more surprised to be honored by Manitowoc and my peers in the industry. Trust me, I am no "Big Deal" but it was an unexpected and humbling experience. Thank you Dave Hull and Manitowoc. Thank you fellow Grove & Manitowoc dealers. I had a moment that I looked across the room and it really hit me with the impact that all of you had on my career and what a "stand-up" group of people I have the privilege to consider associates and friends. Charley liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 38 endorsements for Equity Research 38 Equity Research Endorsed by David Trainer and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Charley’s colleagues at BMO Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 29 endorsements for Financial Modeling 29 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Todd Jonasz and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Charley’s colleagues at BMO Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 24 endorsements for Equities 24 Equities Endorsed by Frank Francese and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Charley’s colleagues at BMO Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Avram Fisher Portfolio Manager and Principal, Long Cast Advisers July 25, 2012, Avram worked with Charley in the same group I have had the pleasure of working with Avi for several years and have found him to be hard working and highly motivated. Avi is an excellent analyst who consistently seeks out incremental, value added information and communicates that to clients. Avi is also a solid team player and is always responsive to requests and sharing of ideas. Laura Kiernan CPA, MBA, IRC, NYU Stern Scholar June 4, 2009, Charley worked with Laura but at different companies Laura is an outstanding IR professional and I found her to be knowledgeable, articulate, well organized and responsive to information inquires. Her finance background is a significant asset and I believe enhances her ability to help analysts better understand both the operational and financial aspects of a company. I believe Laura will add value to any company to which she is associated. Interests Federal Signal Corporation 4,508 followers Foster Wheeler 107,682 followers ESCO Corporation 10,121 followers SPX Hydraulic Technologies 1,396 followers Dresser-Rand business 52,072 followers Emerson Network Power 137,067 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Davis Equity Research Analyst at T. Rowe Price T. Rowe Price The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Interests Presidencia de la República - Mexico 9,132 followers Capital Group | American Funds 58,028 followers Berry College - Campbell School of Business 1,119 followers T. Rowe Price 50,281 followers Oscar MunozOscar Munoz is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Executive Officer 27,490 followers Chicago Booth: Investment Management 1,916 members See all See all following
More Actions Jennifer N. has a account Jennifer N. Coombs Associate Professor at College for Financial Planning, Founder & President of GradMoney College for Financial Planning Clarkson University Denver, Colorado 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Coombs is an Associate Professor at the College for Financial Planning, and is the lead instructor for the Chartered Mutual Fund Counselor (CMFC) and the Accredited Asset Management Specialist (AAMS) designation courses. Additionally, she is the Founder & President of GradMoney. Org: an investing education platform directed at simplifying the stock analysis process for young adults and novice investors. Prior to relocating to Colorado, Jennifer served as the Head of Campus Outreach and Contributor Acquisition Manager for Seeking Alpha in New York City. Additionally, she worked as a Senior Equity Research Analyst at Wall Street Strategies, Inc. where she was responsible for the technical and fundamental analysis of the entire stock market for recommendations to individual investors, while also publishing daily economic commentary for the general public. Prior to this, she worked on the buy side as an Associate Equity Research Analyst covering the transportation sub-sector of industrials at AIG SunAmerica Asset Management Corporation. Jennifer also covered Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) and has done broader research in the industrial, financial and consumer sectors. Prior to joining their research department, she worked as a Trading Assistant, actively responsible for SunAmerica's index funds valued at over $7 billion. Additionally, she also worked as an intern in the client portfolio management department at Dwight Asset Management Company - a fixed income subsidiary of Goldman Sachs. Jennifer graduated with distinction (cum laude) from Clarkson University where she earned a B.S. with majors in Financial Information Analysis and Political Science, with minors in Economics and Law. She also has a unique knowledge of international markets, and studied at Sungkyunkwan University in South Korea. Jennifer is a former member of the New York Society of Security Analysts and is a current member of the Financial Planning Association (FPA) of Colorado. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Jennifer N.’s Articles 658 followers How To Indirectly Play the "Weed Rush"​ Jennifer N. Coombs on LinkedIn Publish dateFebruary 28, 2017 See 7 more articles Investing 101: How to Make a Selling Strategy Jennifer N. Coombs on LinkedIn Publish dateSeptember 7, 2016 Featured Skills & Endorsements Portfolio Management See 14 endorsements for Portfolio Management 14 Portfolio Management Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer N.’s colleagues at Wall Street Strategies Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 14 endorsements for Investments 14 Investments Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer N.’s colleagues at Wall Street Strategies Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 13 endorsements for Equities 13 Equities Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer N.’s colleagues at Wall Street Strategies Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Bola Onada Sokunbi Certified Financial Education Instructor, Money Expert & Founder of Clever Girl Finance March 15, 2016, Jennifer N. worked with Bola Onada in the same group I worked with Jennifer to develop and present content for a personal finance workshop for women and working with her was an amazing experience. Jennifer brought her expertise around investing to the group and helped to educate the audience on all things investing and how they should be doing it. She was also able to answer all of their questions in an easy to understand way. I thoroughly enjoyed working with her and look forward to many more partnerships. James Monaghan Head Trader and Senior Vice President at SunAmerica Asset Management Corp. February 1, 2016, James managed Jennifer N. directly Jenny is a very energetic and bright individual. While she was employed at SunAmerica Asset Management, she worked on the trading desk. Due to her ability to pick things up fast, she became instrumental in performing margin tests each day for the futures accounts. Additionally, due to her quest for a vast knowledge of the markets, and her ability to learn new tasks quickly, she became proficient at program trading. I would recommend Jenny for hire at any job, but especially a position in Investments or Trading. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Bola Onada Sokunbi Certified Financial Education Instructor, Money Expert & Founder of Clever Girl Finance April 25, 2016, Bola Onada worked with Jennifer N. in the same group Bola and I met in September 2015 and since then we have been working together to ensure that investing and personal finance become manageable and important topics of discussion for women. Bola has inspired me to take a longer and harder look at the direction of my finances and she has been an absolute joy to work with: her passion for financial education and her genuine interest in the well-being of her clients really shows in all aspects of her business and in her interactions. She is an honest, driven and non-judgmental person who ought to set the tone for what it really means to be a financial adviser. Interests Sungkyunkwan University 21,617 followers Blue Lagoon Iceland 478 followers Wolfe Research, LLC 759 followers Wall Street Strategies 107 followers TheStreet 85,993 followers WisdomTree Asset Management 39,587 followers See all See all following
More Actions Charley has a account Charley Brady Managing Director - Diversified Industrials Equity Research SunTrust Robinson Humphrey University of Florida - Warrington College Of Business Atlanta, Georgia 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Seasoned equity research analyst with twenty-two years of equity research experience including 18 years covering the Capital Goods, Machinery and Diversified Industrial sectors; Experienced in both company specific and industry analysis; Ability to synthesize large amounts of raw data into actionable ideas and communicate those ideas both verbally and in written form to varied audiences Current coverage includes: AOS, ATU, BRC, CIR, CSL, DCI, DOV, FLS, FTV, GGG, GNRC, IEX, MTW, NDSN, OSK, RXN, THR. Prior coverage included: BUCY, DHR, FSS, GEHL, JOY, RBN, TEX Specialties: Equity Research; Capital Goods; Industrials; Machinery; Financial Modeling; End-market Analysis; Industry Analysis FINRA Series 6, 7, 63, 86, 87 CFA Level 1 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Charley’s Activity 761 followers I just returned from my final business trip to Shady Grove, PA as I am rapidly approaching my July 3rd. exit date to "pause, relax,reflect and see what the next adventure will be". (I am having difficulty using the "Retirement " word, it makes me feel......old?!!). I was surprised with the melancholy feel that I had as I walked through the offices where I started my career in the crane industry 27 years ago as an inexperienced salesman being trained to sell Grove Cranes. I was even more surprised to be honored by Manitowoc and my peers in the industry. Trust me, I am no "Big Deal" but it was an unexpected and humbling experience. Thank you Dave Hull and Manitowoc. Thank you fellow Grove & Manitowoc dealers. I had a moment that I looked across the room and it really hit me with the impact that all of you had on my career and what a "stand-up" group of people I have the privilege to consider associates and friends. Charley liked See all activity Experience Managing Director - Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Atlanta, Georgia Director, Senior Equity Analyst - Diversified Industrials Company Name BMO Capital Markets Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 10 yrs 3 mos Location Boston, Massachusetts Produce written research with buy, hold, sell recommendations on a diverse group capital goods and industrial companies as well as broader industry and end-market analysis on the capital goods, diversified industrial and machinery sectors; Create detailed financial models to project sales and earnings; Communicate regularly with the senior management (CEO,CFO level) of companies in the capital goods space; Conduct field research via site visits, conferences and interaction with competitors, customers and suppliers; Articulate investment ideas and industry reasearch to institutional clients Vice President, Equity Research Analyst - Industrials Company Name Capital One (Hibernia Southcoast Capital) Dates Employed Jun 2003 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location New Orleans, LA Produced written research with buy, hold, sell recommendations on a diverse group capital goods companies as well as broader industry and end-market analysis on the capital goods, diversified industrial and machinery sectors. Created detailed financial models to project sales and earnings. Communicated regularly with the senior management (CEO, CFO level) of companies in the capital goods space.Equity research on the machinery and diversified industrial sectors Vice President, Equity Research Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Nov 1996 – Nov 2002 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location New York, NY; Boston, MA Produced written research with buy, hold, sell recommendations on the Engineering & Construction and Flow Control industries; Served as the Global Capital Goods Sector Analyst producing macro oriented research and coordinating the research product of a 10 person global analyst team Equity Research Associate Company Name Raymond James Dates Employed Jun 1993 – Jun 1996 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location St. Petersburg, FL Supported the Senior Analyst covering the Gaming, Lodging and Leisure sectors Education University of Florida - Warrington College Of Business Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Pi Kappa Phi Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 38 endorsements for Equity Research 38 Equity Research Endorsed by David Trainer and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Charley’s colleagues at BMO Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 29 endorsements for Financial Modeling 29 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Todd Jonasz and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Charley’s colleagues at BMO Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 24 endorsements for Equities 24 Equities Endorsed by Todd Jonasz and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Charley’s colleagues at BMO Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Avram Fisher Portfolio Manager and Principal, Long Cast Advisers July 25, 2012, Avram worked with Charley in the same group I have had the pleasure of working with Avi for several years and have found him to be hard working and highly motivated. Avi is an excellent analyst who consistently seeks out incremental, value added information and communicates that to clients. Avi is also a solid team player and is always responsive to requests and sharing of ideas. Laura Kiernan CPA, MBA, IRC, NYU Stern Scholar June 4, 2009, Charley worked with Laura but at different companies Laura is an outstanding IR professional and I found her to be knowledgeable, articulate, well organized and responsive to information inquires. Her finance background is a significant asset and I believe enhances her ability to help analysts better understand both the operational and financial aspects of a company. I believe Laura will add value to any company to which she is associated. Accomplishments Interests Alfa Laval 78,261 followers Donaldson Company, Inc 34,702 followers Whitney JohnsonWhitney Johnson is a LinkedIn Influencer Thinker, Writer, Speaker, Advisor, Doer 889,088 followers Invensys - Acquired by Schneider Electric 71,180 followers Aviation Week Network 281,018 followers Financial Service professionals 17,302 members See all See all following
More Actions Michelle has a account Michelle Li Head of Research Department at AMTD Group AMTD Group Renmin University of China Hong Kong 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name AMTD Group Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Hong Kong Head of Research Department Asian financials, Fixed Income Research Company Name UBS Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Hong Kong China banks, Equity Research Company Name UBS Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Hong Kong Asian financials, Equity Research Company Name UBS Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Hong Kong Intern, HK/CN Real Estate Equity Research Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Education Renmin University of China Degree Name Master Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 13 endorsements for Equity Research 13 Equity Research Endorsed by 2 of Michelle’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 11 endorsements for Investment Banking 11 Investment Banking Max Chu and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 10 endorsements for Valuation 10 Valuation Endorsed by Jina Lee, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Renmin University of China 59,208 followers Sino-American For-Profit-Education-Business Venture 1,939 members AMTD Group 301 followers 中国人民大学 55,562 followers UBS Investment Bank / UBS 32,006 members UBS 456,531 followers See all See all following
More Actions Oliver has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Oliver Chen, CFA Retailing/Specialty Stores Softlines, Retailing/Broadlines & Department Store, and Luxury Analyst Cowen and Company University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Oliver Chen has joined Cowen and Company’s Equity Research department as a Managing Director and Senior Equity Research Analyst. He covers the Specialty Retail, Broadlines & Department stores, and Luxury sectors. Oliver is a graduate of Georgetown University, The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and is a CFA Charterholder. He also serves on the PhD Retail Research Review committee at the Wharton School's Jay H. Baker Retailing Center. The 2014 All-America Research Team: Retailing/Specialty Stores, No. 3: Oliver Chen "Oliver Chen continues to rise in buy-siders’ esteem. The Citi analyst earned designation as a Rising Star of Wall Street Research in 2012, merited a runner-up position on this roster last year and now advances to capture third place. He “knows the accessories, luxury goods, watches and handbag markets better than anyone else, given his passion for retail and creativity,” one fund manager observes. Adds a second backer: Chen “just knows what’s cool and what will sell at full price.” For his part, the researcher is advising investors to favor accessories over apparel. “We believe strong accessory brands with brawn have greater pricing leverage and full-price selling, which drives a stronger return on equity versus apparel,” he explains. In March, Chen upgraded New York–based jewelry retailer Tiffany & Co. from neutral to buy, convinced that new management and design teams would deliver same-store sales growth. Indeed, comparable outlets delivered a year-over-year increase of 7 percent during the fiscal first half, ended July 31, and by mid-September the stock had climbed 10.1 percent, to $100.71, besting the sector by 5.9 percentage points." Keywords: Fundamental Research, Valuation, Financial Modeling; Proprietary Channel Checks and Competitive Analysis. Equity research analyst, Sell-side, Analyst covering, Buy-side, Investment recommendations, fundamental analysis, institutional investors, equity analyst, valuation analysis. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Oliver’s Activity 2,942 followers In a time where bioscience education opportunities and funding play integral roles in our economic landscape, we joined Carolyn Maloney and Biotechnology Innovation Organization at Ovid Therapeutics to discuss the role that New York will play in in bringing innovation to the field. Oliver liked See all activity Experience Managing Director Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Oliver Chen is a Managing Director and Cowen’s Retailing/Specialty Stores, Luxury, and Retailing/Broadlines and Department Stores Senior Equity Research Analyst. Oliver is a gradate of Georgetown (BSBA), The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania (MBA) and is a CFA Charterholder. He also serves on the PhD Retail Research Review committee at the Wharton School's Jay H. Baker Retailing Center.Oliver ranked #3 in Retailing/Specialty Stores sector in the Institutional All-America Research Survey in 2014 (out of 43 Analysts) and in 2013 was a Runner-Up with a #3 ranking in New York. Oliver is also the US Luxury Analyst in the #2 Ranked Global Luxury Team in the 2013 Extel poll. He was also named a Rising Star of Wall Street Research in the Institutional All-America Research Survey as a best up-and-comer in the Apparel/Footwear Sector in 2012. In 2014, Oliver was also ranked #7 in the Retailing/Broadlines & Department Stores Sector (out of 32 Analysts).Oliver has appeared on CNBC, Bloomberg, PBS, Business News Network, Fox, and Monocle and has been quoted in the New York Times, Financial Times, Wall Street Journal, Associated Press, and others. Senior Retailing/Specialty Stores, Luxury, Broadlines, & Department Store Analyst, Vice President Company Name Citigroup Investment Research Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Citi's Retailing/Specialty Stores Softlines, Luxury Goods, Retailing/Broadlines and Department Stores Senior Analyst, leads Citi's Specialty Retail Softlines team and is a Vice President in Citi's Equity Research Group. Oliver's specialization includes coverage of Specialty Retail, Luxury, Off-Price, and Department Store companies.Citigroup's Lead Analyst rating 30 stocks for Citi with $700bn market capitalization. The Retailing/Specialty Stores sector generally includes: Abercrombie, American Eagle, Ascena, Coach, Dominion Diamond, Fossil, Gap, Limited Brands, Lululemon, Michael Kors, Movado, Ross, Sally Beauty, Signet, Sotheby’s, Tiffany & Co, TJX, Tumi, Urban Outfitters, Ulta Salon, and Vera Bradley. Retailing/Broadlines & Department Store coverage includes: Macy’s, Kohl’s, JCPenney, Nordstrom, Dillard’s, Hudson’s Bay, Wal-Mart, Target, and Costco. Luxury & Accessory Equity Research Analyst - Apparel/Footwear Team Company Name Citigroup Investment Research Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Citigroup's Lead Stock Analyst on accessory companies. Accessory sector stocks generally include companies such as Fossil, Harry Winston, Sotheby's, Movado, Vera Bradley, and Steven Madden Associate Equity Research Analyst - Apparel, Footwear, and Textiles Company Name Citigroup Investment Research Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos #2 Institutional Investor Ranked Team Associte Equity Research Analyst - Specialty Retailing / Softlines Company Name Citigroup Investment Research Dates Employed Feb 2007 – May 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Softlines Retail Equity Research, #2 Institutional Investor Ranked Team, #1 WSJ Stock Picking See more positions Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Co-President: Wharton Fashion and Luxury Industries Club; Equity Analyst: Wharton Investment Management Club; Jay Baker Prize in Retailing Global Immersion Program - China and Taiwan Georgetown University Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Finance and International Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Activities and Societies: General Course Program 1998-1999: London School of Economics Loomis Chaffee School Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 107 endorsements for Financial Modeling 99+ Financial Modeling Endorsed by Phil Gorham and 14 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Oliver’s colleagues at Cowen and Company Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 95 endorsements for Equity Research 95 Equity Research Endorsed by Phil Gorham and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 25 of Oliver’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 81 endorsements for Valuation 81 Valuation Endorsed by Soohwan Kim, CFA and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Oliver’s colleagues at Cowen and Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Juliana P Marulanda, Scale Expert Founder, ScaleTime | Scaling digital agencies into well-oiled machines by optimizing systems, processes & teams. April 12, 2013, Oliver was senior to Juliana but didn’t manage directly Juliana and I were in the same department. She has integrity and initiative. She is also responsible. She had a genuine curiosity about the business and was able to deliver great results with strong attention to detail. M. Claire Chung General Manager, China at YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP April 12, 2013, Oliver worked with M. Claire but at different companies Claire has stellar in-depth knowledge of the brand landscape and customer opportunity in China. She has a great sense of how the online selling market is moving and how her customers are evolving at the same time. I also appreciate her comments on margins and which brands may fare better or worse and why. Finally, she has a well rounded background with strong educational and professional credentials. She's also a good communicator. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Cowen and Company 5,939 followers The Wharton School 185,676 followers Georgetown University 153,934 followers Georgetown University 140,187 followers Tom KeeneTom Keene is a LinkedIn Influencer Bloomberg Surveillance: TV then Radio 192,574 followers The Wharton School 158,696 followers
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Percher Director, Equity Research at Barclays Capital Barclays Brandeis University Brooklyn, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Proven healthcare services expertise with a unique combination of experience as an equity research analyst, publishing original research and providing stock analysis to institutional investors, and as a director of strategic finance within McKesson Corporation, leading long-range financial planning and developing creative approaches to strategic and operational questions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Equity Research, Healthcare Distribution & Technology Company Name Barclays Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Eric Percher joined Barclays in September 2013 as the Senior Analyst covering the Healthcare Distribution and Technology sector. In his second year covering the space for Barclays, Eric was named to the Institutional Investor 2016 All-American Research Team in October of 2016. Director, Competitive Analysis & Strategic Finance Company Name McKesson Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location San Francisco, CA & New York, NY Established the Corporate Competitive Analysis Group responsible for collecting, analyzing and disseminating compeititve intelligence across McKesson. Photographer Company Name Eric Percher Photography LLC Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Brooklyn, NY In late 2006, I left TWP and took a sabbatical from finance to devote myself to a long-planned fine-art photography project. I exhibited the project widely in 2008 and returned to finance with McKesson in January 2009.• Publications: New Yorker (2010); NY Times Magazine (2010); Time (2011); Le Monde (2012) Principal, Equity Research Company Name Thomas Weisel Partners Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Oct 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location New York, NY Senior analyst covering the Healthcare Services and Facilities industries, including Hospitals and a diverse group of Alternate-Site sub-sectors (Dialysis, Home Respiratory, Hospice, Long Term Acute Care Hospitals and Surgery Centers). Senior Associate Company Name Thomas Weisel Partners Dates Employed Apr 2001 – Sep 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location New York, NY Conducted comprehensive analyses of the Healthcare Information Technology and Pharmaceutical Services industries in support of Institutional Investor recognized analyst Steven Halper. See more positions Education Brandeis University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 12 endorsements for Financial Modeling 12 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Scott Reynolds and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Eric’s colleagues at McKesson Click and drag to reorder skills Competitive Analysis See 10 endorsements for Competitive Analysis 10 Competitive Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Eric’s colleagues at Thomas Weisel Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 10 endorsements for Strategy 10 Strategy Endorsed by Joe Biegel, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Eric’s colleagues at McKesson Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Vesey Street Capital Partners 57 followers Barclays 469,006 followers Oration 309 followers Brandeis University 45,992 followers Rachel SklarRachel Sklar is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder/CEO at TheLi.st 102,345 followers Brandeis University 42,850 followers
More Actions Jessica has a account Jessica Katz Vice President/Equity Analyst at Goldman Sachs Asset Management Goldman Sachs Asset Management Salem State University New York, New York 491 491 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President, Equity Analyst/Portfolio Manager Company Name Goldman Sachs Asset Management Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Industrials, Energy, Chemicals Vice President, Equity Research Analyst Company Name Eaton Vance Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Location Boston, Massachusetts Industrials and energy Industrials Sector Specialist - Equity Research Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Nov 2006 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Boston, Massachusetts Senior Financial Analyst Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed 2005 – 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Boston, Massachusetts Senior Pension Specialist Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Boston, Massachusetts Education Salem State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Mathematics, Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2005 Activities and Societies: President of Mathematical Society, Member of Mathematical Department Curriculum Committee, Thomas G. Lathrop Award for excellence in Mathematics Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 17 endorsements for Equities 17 Equities Endorsed by Samar Iqbal and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Jessica’s colleagues at Eaton Vance Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 13 endorsements for Equity Research 13 Equity Research Endorsed by Jeff Parsons and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jessica’s colleagues at Eaton Vance Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 9 endorsements for Financial Modeling 9 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Michael Deich, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jessica’s colleagues at Eaton Vance Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Harvard Management Company 4,296 followers Ray DalioRay Dalio is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & Chief Investment Officer at Bridgewater Associates, L.P. 280,833 followers Stocks, Bonds, Mutual Funds, ETFs, Real Estate - Investments Networking Group 22,281 members GMO 5,497 followers Dr. Travis BradberryDr. Travis Bradberry is a LinkedIn Influencer Coauthor EMOTIONAL INTELLIGENCE 2.0 & President at TalentSmart 1,862,104 followers John Deere 267,753 followers See all See all following
More Actions George has a account George Hill Managing Director at RBC Capital Markets RBC Capital Markets Rutgers University - Camden Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Senior analyst covering the Healthcare Technology & Distribution sector, including healthcare information technology, the pharmaceutical supply chain, contract research and manufacturing companies and other technology-enabled healthcare services companies. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow George’s Activity 1,319 followers Want to Raise Fearless Daughters? 5 Things to Do (Including a Big One This Weekend)... George liked See all activity Experience Managing Director, Equity Research Analyst Company Name RBC Capital Markets Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location New York, New York Equity research analyst covering Healthcare IT and Distribution. Director, Equity Research Analyst Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Sep 2013 – May 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location New York, New York Director, Equity Research Analyst, Citi Research Company Name Citi Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location New York, New York Senior analyst covering the Healthcare Technology & Distribution sector, with covered names including: ABC, ATHN, CAH, CERN, CHSI, CPSI, ERES, ESRX, MCK, MDAS, MDRX, MDSO, QSII, SXCI, and VTAL; Co-coverage on CRL, CVD and PRXL Director, Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Leerink Swann Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Senior analyst covering the Healthcare Technology &amp; Distribution sector, with covered names including: ATHN, CERN, CPSI, ECLP, ERES, ESRX, MCK, MHS, MDAS, MDRX, PFWD, QSII, SXCI, and VTALAccomplishments include:- Helped Leerink Swann in 2006 garner its first ever “Best of the Boutiques” selection in Healthcare Technology &amp; Distribution during first full year of coverage; No. 2 rank in Greenwich Associates - Launched coverage of five companies in first four months, and 13 companies in first 18 months - Resumed coverage on nine companies in two months upon return to research Vice President, Investment Banking Company Name Leerink Swann Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Led Healthcare Technology &amp; Services investment banking initiatives; senior calling officer for provider services, pharmaceutical services, healthcare information technology and related healthcare services companies See more positions Education Rutgers University - Camden Degree Name BA Field Of Study Political science Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Twice elected member of Rutgers University Senate Commentary editor of student newspaper Funded education while enrolled. Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 32 endorsements for Valuation 32 Valuation Endorsed by Paul Bienstock, CFA and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of George’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 25 endorsements for Financial Modeling 25 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Bernie Colson and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of George’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 16 endorsements for Investments 16 Investments Endorsed by Bryce Hill and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cambrex 3,727 followers Jim CramerJim Cramer is a LinkedIn Influencer Investment Pro and Media Personality 478,033 followers Rutgers University - Camden 50,907 followers Managed Care Executives - Join 1,000s of your peers 57,193 members Castlight Health 13,327 followers athenahealth 38,798 followers See all See all following
More Actions Timothy has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Timothy Li Equity Analyst Long/Short Equity Hedge Fund/Family Office University of New South Wales New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections InMail Experienced investment professional with a keen passion for fundamental research and investing. Email: timothy.cm.li@gmail.com Highlights Experience Research Analyst Company Name Long/Short Equity Hedge Fund/Family Office Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location New York US equities w/ primary focus on consumer discretionary and consumer staples. Equity Research - Consumer/Retail, Healthcare Company Name Citi Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York Equity Research - Energy Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed 2012 – 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location New York Equity Capital Markets Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed 2008 – 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location New York, USA and Sydney, Australia Education University of New South Wales Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (Actuarial Studies) / Bachelor of Science (Biochemistry) Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 University of New South Wales Degree Name Diploma of Innovation Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 15 endorsements for Equity Research 15 Equity Research Endorsed by Steve Trent, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Timothy’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 12 endorsements for Equities 12 Equities Endorsed by John Del Cioppo Jr, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Timothy’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 11 endorsements for Corporate Finance 11 Corporate Finance Endorsed by 2 of Timothy’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Timothy has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Interests Empire Startups 376 followers The New York Hedge Fund Networking Group 2,513 members Hedge Fund 13,155 followers Franklin Templeton Investments 96,844 followers Citi 1,270,298 followers American University - Kogod Business Online 4,577 followers See all See all following
More Actions Thomas has a account Thomas Martin Oil & Gas Equity Research Analyst (E&P) Numis Securities Imperial College London London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Oil and gas equity research analyst with 15 years of experience, an engineering background and a focus on detail. I have researched the operational and financial performance of oil and gas companies globally and have wide experience of building valuation models and discussing my work with both senior management of oil companies and investors in the sector. With a thorough understanding of the oil and gas industry from a commercial and technical viewpoint I am able to clearly communicate with staff in technical disciplines, so a full evaluation of the commercial performance of the business can be undertaken. I am able to quickly assimilate new information from a variety of sources and rapidly incorporate this into an updated view of an investment decision. I have a good understanding of the equity and debt market´s perception of oil company strategic decisions and am comfortable working in a dynamic work environment with an unpredictable, but generally high, workload. I am keen to explore opportunities on both the sell and buy side of the finance industry and commercial opportunities within the oil and gas industry. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Oil & Gas Equity Research Analyst (E&P) Company Name Numis Securities Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Oil & Gas Equity Research Analyst (E&P) Company Name Canaccord Genuity Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Primary equity research responsibility for Tullow, Cairn, Premier, Lundin Petroleum, Ophir, Salamander, Soco, Lekoil, Afren, Petroceltic, Chariot, Gulfsands and Trapoil. Secondary coverage responsibility for a further 14 E&P companies.Evaluation, modelling and valuation of investment opportunities at the field and corporate level.Discussion of corporate strategy and my analytical conclusions with senior management and IR.Preparation of analytical reports evaluating strategy, financial performance and risks of investing in the equity and debt of oil and gas companies.Marketing analysis to buy-side investment analysts, portfolio managers, the internal salesforce and traders.Detailed modelling of oil and gas fields under numerous fiscal regimes (PSCs and tax/royalty regimes).Scenario analysis evaluating the impact of varying assumptions (commodity price, FX rates) on investment theses.Preparation of standard financial forecasts.Advising corporates on potential transactions.Successfully transitioned back to coverage of UK listed E&P companies, from North American listed companies, and rapidly built a reputation as one of the trusted E&P analysts in London.Secured votes for research analysis from major institutional investors.The team ranked number 3 in the 2014 Extel survey for mid/small cap oil and gas and I was the highest ranked research analyst within the team.Canaccord acquired Collins Stewart in March 2012 Oil & Gas Equity Research Analyst (E&P) Company Name Collins Stewart Dates Employed Jan 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Responsibilities as for Canaccord role, Collins Stewart was acquired by Canaccord in March 2012 International Oil & Gas Equity Research Analyst (E&P) Company Name Stifel Nicolaus Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Primary coverage responsibility for 7 North American listed, international E&P companies and secondary coverage responsibility for a further 20 North American listed, international E&Ps.Day to day responsibilities as per Canaccord role.My research contributed to our inclusion in syndicated equity raises for companies under coverage, securing significant fees.Successfully transitioned to coverage of a new universe of North American listed E&Ps, after previously covering UK/European listed companies.Stifel Nicolaus acquired Thomas Weisel Partners as of 1st Jul 2010 International Oil & Gas Equity Research Analyst (E&P) Company Name Thomas Weisel Partners Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Responsibilities as for Stifel Nicolaus role. Thomas Weisel Partners acquired Westwind Partners as of 1 Jan 2008 See more positions Education Imperial College London Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Petroleum Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 1999 Heriot-Watt University Degree Name BEng (Hons) Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 29 endorsements for Equity Research 29 Equity Research Endorsed by Alex Brooks and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Thomas’ colleagues at Canaccord Genuity Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 25 endorsements for Financial Modeling 25 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Damyan Dimitrov and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Thomas’ colleagues at Canaccord Genuity Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 16 endorsements for Equity Valuation 16 Equity Valuation Endorsed by Harold Hutchinson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Thomas’ colleagues at Canaccord Genuity Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Schlumberger 1,038,989 followers GENEL ENERGY PLC 8,271 followers LEKOIL Limited 1,688 followers EAGE (European Association of Geoscientists and Engineers) 10,773 followers Apache Corporation 104,943 followers Talisman Energy 107,264 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sheldon J. has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Sheldon J. DSouza Vice President at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Northeastern University Greater New York City Area 319 319 connections Send InMail Application developer Specialties: Java (J2EE/J2SE), .NET (C#/ASP/VB), Silverlight, Databases(DB2/SQLITE), Financial Software, Microsoft VBA, Web 2.0 pro Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Improve and maintain the firm's Stock Lending trading platform by proposing, designing and implementing new features Associate Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Moved the Stock Lending Supply-Side server and application code to the firm's standard technology stackAnalysed existing legacy processes and proposed upgrade/decomission strategiesDesigned and developed tools and services to optimize trader workflowAssisted other developers by providing design critiques and code reviews Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Develop tools and strategies to optimize the revenue generation workflow of the FirmProgram high performance processes to journal and audit End of Day (EOD) trades in a scalable and reliable manner.Maintain the Stock Lending trading platform of the Firm Marketing Reasercher Company Name Northeastern University School of Business Dates Employed Jan 2010 – May 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater Boston Area Part TimeDeveloped and maintained a website for course curriculum of the marketing departmentConducted research that helped create the basis for graduate student courses in Spring 2010 Webmaster Company Name Sanskriti Indian Students Organization Dates Employed Feb 2008 – May 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Greater Boston Area Redesigned and rebuilt the organization's website using LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySql, PHP) with an underlying XML framework.Founded the social media presence of the organization and created the Facebook page that is still active to this day. See more positions Education Northeastern University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Sanskriti Indian Grad. Student Association at Northeaster University - Webmaster 08-09 Master of Science, Computer Science with focus in Databases and Software Development.Key Courses1. Database Systems2. Scalable Techniques for Massive Data3. Data Mining Techniques4. Algorithms5. Principles of Programming Languages6. Artificial Intelligence University of Mumbai Degree Name BE Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Creative Editor - College Magazine and Annual Festival Student Class Representative - BS (Computers) class of 2006 Bachelor of Engineering, Computer EngineeringSpecialization subjects: Embedded Systems and Parallel Processing Volunteer Experience Volunteer - Highbridge Park Forest Crew Company Name New York Restoration Project Dates volunteered Oct 2014 – Oct 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Environment Removal of invasive plants from Highbridge Park - Learn to identify and remove invasive plants that prevent native plants from flourishing in the park. Featured Skills & Endorsements Java See 16 endorsements for Java 16 Java Endorsed by 4 of Sheldon J.’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Databases See 14 endorsements for Databases 14 Databases Endorsed by John Josinsky and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Sheldon J.’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills SQL See 9 endorsements for SQL 9 SQL Endorsed by David Pazmino, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Sheldon J.’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Mihir Mahajan Technical Specialist at IP Spring August 18, 2008, Mihir was senior to Sheldon J. but didn’t manage directly Sheldon was a highly enthusiastic colleague who came up with creative solutions for various issues. He was knowledgeable about software and programming. His witty remarks often livened up dull days. Given an appropriate challenge, Sheldon would be a valuable resource for any team. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sheldon J. has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Goldman Sachs Summer Intern Application Development Contest Best Program Submission Interests University of Mumbai 482,237 followers Northeastern University 222,594 followers Goldman Sachs 809,527 followers University of Mumbai 472,782 followers
More Actions Matteo has a account Matteo Bonizzoni, CFA Equity Research Analyst at Kepler Cheuvreux Kepler Cheuvreux CFA Institute Varese Area, Italy 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Kepler Cheuvreux Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Milan Capital goods, Cement / Construction, Refiners, Mid/Small Caps Equity Research Analyst Company Name Cheuvreux Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Milan Area, Italy Cement/Construction; Refiners Credit Risk Analyst Company Name Eurizon Capital SGR Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Milan Area, Italy OTC Derivatives: Counterparty and Settlement Risk Analysis Equity Analyst / Fund Manager Company Name Eurizon Capital SGR Dates Employed Jul 2004 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location Milan Area, Italy Italian Equities Equity Analyst Company Name Julius Baer - Kepler Equities Dates Employed Mar 2002 – Jul 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Italian Mid Small Caps See more positions Education CFA Institute Field Of Study CFA Charterholder Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Università Bocconi Degree Name Master Field Of Study Quantitative Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2001 Università Commerciale 'Luigi Bocconi' Degree Name BS Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 2000 CLEP Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 32 endorsements for Equities 32 Equities Endorsed by Alvaro Cifuentes Gomez 9K and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Matteo’s colleagues at Kepler Cheuvreux Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 30 endorsements for Equity Research 30 Equity Research Endorsed by Aldo Comi and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Matteo’s colleagues at Kepler Cheuvreux Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 22 endorsements for Bloomberg 22 Bloomberg Endorsed by Alvaro Cifuentes Gomez 9K and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Matteo’s colleagues at Kepler Cheuvreux Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Niccolo' Bossi Head of IR - Strategic Business Planning - Corporate Affairs at lastminute.com group September 30, 2010, Niccolo' worked with Matteo but at different companies It's always a pleasure to meet with Matteo in one to one meeting.His capability to fully understand the equity story and the specific aspects of the business of the Company he is evaluating, is a real great plus. Elena Di Vincenzo Credit Risk Analyst at Eurizon Capital SGR October 21, 2011, Matteo was senior to Elena but didn’t manage directly Elena is a very smart and talented person. Her main strength is definetely her curiosity: she is always striving to improve in new areas of knowledge. I definitely recommed Elena as a new resource in teams where passion and energy are needed. Niccolo' Bossi Head of IR - Strategic Business Planning - Corporate Affairs at lastminute.com group September 30, 2010, Niccolo' was a client of Matteo’s Niccolo' has always proved very professional, detailed and skillful in his position as IR Manager at Engineering. Accomplishments Matteo has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Banca IMI 21,964 followers Azimut 14,281 followers Financial Analyst Club Worldwide 168,700 members Emmanuel MacronEmmanuel Macron is a LinkedIn Influencer Président de la République française. 178,037 followers Kepler Cheuvreux 3,143 followers Università Bocconi 95,273 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sean has a account Sean Kammann Equity Research Analyst at Wellington Management Wellington Management University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Villanova, Pennsylvania 178 178 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Wellington Management Dates Employed 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs National Team Athlete Company Name United States National Rowing Team Dates Employed Jul 1993 – Oct 2000 Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos World Champion in 1999.World Championship Silver medallist in 1998.World Cup Silver medallist in 2000.Alternate for 2000 Olympic Rowing Team (Sydney, Australia)Alternate for 1996 Olympic Rowing Team (Atlanta, GA USA)Multiple time national champion Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance and Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Fund FellowMember of the Investment Management Club Princeton University Degree Name Bachelor of Science and Engineering (BSE) Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Member of the Varsity Rowing Team. 2 undefeated regular seasons (1995 and 1996). 3 time Eastern Sprints Champion (1996, 1997, 1998). 3 time IRA Collegiate National Champion (1995, 1996, 1998). Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 7 endorsements for Equities 7 Equities Endorsed by William Foley, ASIP, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sean’s colleagues at Wellington Management Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 6 endorsements for Investments 6 Investments Endorsed by Ajay Shroff and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sean’s colleagues at Wellington Management Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Endorsed by William Foley, ASIP, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sean’s colleagues at Wellington Management Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Wellington Management 24,923 followers
More Actions Mary has a account Mary Killian Global Equity Research Analyst, VP at Franklin Templeton Investments Franklin Templeton Investments Rutgers University - Newark Greater New York City Area 386 386 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President, Global Equity Research Analyst - Consumer Company Name Franklin Templeton Investments Dates Employed Feb 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 5 mos Senior member of the Global Large-Cap Institutional team with responsibility for fundamental research of the global Consumer sectors and providing investment ideas within the Consumer sectors. Equity Research Analyst - Consumer Company Name Merrill Lynch Investment Managers Dates Employed Oct 1998 – Apr 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Provided fundamental research of various industries with a principal focus on Beverages, Foods, Multi-Line and Specialty Apparel Retail and a secondary focus on REITs. Portfolio Administrator Company Name Merrill Lynch Investment Managers Dates Employed Mar 1994 – Oct 1998 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Education Rutgers University - Newark Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2008 Rowan University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Business Administration, Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1994 Ocean County College Degree Name AS Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 Volunteer Experience Board Member, Treasurer Company Name Toms River South Alumni Association Dates volunteered Oct 2013 – Jun 2015 Volunteer duration 1 yr 9 mos Cause Education Treasurer, Chair of Fundraising Committee Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 25 endorsements for Equities 25 Equities Endorsed by Andy Smith, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mary’s colleagues at BlackRock Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 22 endorsements for Equity Research 22 Equity Research Endorsed by Andy Smith, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mary’s colleagues at BlackRock Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 11 endorsements for Investments 11 Investments Endorsed by 3 of Mary’s colleagues at BlackRock Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Yan Lager, CFA Vice President, Equity Research Analyst at Franklin Templeton Investments June 8, 2011, Mary was senior to Yan but didn’t manage directly Mary's knowledge, experience, and advise has been instrumental in my professional development. This posting expresses my own personal opinion. It is not endorsed by Franklin Templeton Investments nor does it represent FTI information or viewpoints. Thomas D'Auria CFA Managing Partner at Tandem Investment Partners January 13, 2010, Thomas was senior to Mary but didn’t manage directly Mary was an extremely detail-oriented person. Her commitment to her job as well as her desire to increase her knowledge showed me that she would continue to advance in the investment research field. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rowan University 53,679 followers Rutgers Business School 24,307 followers Rutgers Business School 27,917 followers Rutgers University 267,981 followers Franklin Templeton Investments 96,844 followers Ocean County College 15,555 followers See all See all following
More Actions Thomas has a account Thomas Martin Oil & Gas Equity Research Analyst (E&P) Numis Securities Imperial College London London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Oil and gas equity research analyst with 15 years of experience, an engineering background and a focus on detail. I have researched the operational and financial performance of oil and gas companies globally and have wide experience of building valuation models and discussing my work with both senior management of oil companies and investors in the sector. With a thorough understanding of the oil and gas industry from a commercial and technical viewpoint I am able to clearly communicate with staff in technical disciplines, so a full evaluation of the commercial performance of the business can be undertaken. I am able to quickly assimilate new information from a variety of sources and rapidly incorporate this into an updated view of an investment decision. I have a good understanding of the equity and debt market´s perception of oil company strategic decisions and am comfortable working in a dynamic work environment with an unpredictable, but generally high, workload. I am keen to explore opportunities on both the sell and buy side of the finance industry and commercial opportunities within the oil and gas industry. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Oil & Gas Equity Research Analyst (E&P) Company Name Numis Securities Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Oil & Gas Equity Research Analyst (E&P) Company Name Canaccord Genuity Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Primary equity research responsibility for Tullow, Cairn, Premier, Lundin Petroleum, Ophir, Salamander, Soco, Lekoil, Afren, Petroceltic, Chariot, Gulfsands and Trapoil. Secondary coverage responsibility for a further 14 E&P companies.Evaluation, modelling and valuation of investment opportunities at the field and corporate level.Discussion of corporate strategy and my analytical conclusions with senior management and IR.Preparation of analytical reports evaluating strategy, financial performance and risks of investing in the equity and debt of oil and gas companies.Marketing analysis to buy-side investment analysts, portfolio managers, the internal salesforce and traders.Detailed modelling of oil and gas fields under numerous fiscal regimes (PSCs and tax/royalty regimes).Scenario analysis evaluating the impact of varying assumptions (commodity price, FX rates) on investment theses.Preparation of standard financial forecasts.Advising corporates on potential transactions.Successfully transitioned back to coverage of UK listed E&P companies, from North American listed companies, and rapidly built a reputation as one of the trusted E&P analysts in London.Secured votes for research analysis from major institutional investors.The team ranked number 3 in the 2014 Extel survey for mid/small cap oil and gas and I was the highest ranked research analyst within the team.Canaccord acquired Collins Stewart in March 2012 Oil & Gas Equity Research Analyst (E&P) Company Name Collins Stewart Dates Employed Jan 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Responsibilities as for Canaccord role, Collins Stewart was acquired by Canaccord in March 2012 International Oil & Gas Equity Research Analyst (E&P) Company Name Stifel Nicolaus Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Primary coverage responsibility for 7 North American listed, international E&P companies and secondary coverage responsibility for a further 20 North American listed, international E&Ps.Day to day responsibilities as per Canaccord role.My research contributed to our inclusion in syndicated equity raises for companies under coverage, securing significant fees.Successfully transitioned to coverage of a new universe of North American listed E&Ps, after previously covering UK/European listed companies.Stifel Nicolaus acquired Thomas Weisel Partners as of 1st Jul 2010 International Oil & Gas Equity Research Analyst (E&P) Company Name Thomas Weisel Partners Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Responsibilities as for Stifel Nicolaus role. Thomas Weisel Partners acquired Westwind Partners as of 1 Jan 2008 See more positions Education Imperial College London Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Petroleum Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 1999 Heriot-Watt University Degree Name BEng (Hons) Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 29 endorsements for Equity Research 29 Equity Research Endorsed by Alex Brooks, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Thomas’ colleagues at Canaccord Genuity Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 25 endorsements for Financial Modeling 25 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Damyan Dimitrov and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Thomas’ colleagues at Canaccord Genuity Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 16 endorsements for Equity Valuation 16 Equity Valuation Endorsed by Harold Hutchinson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Thomas’ colleagues at Canaccord Genuity Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests IGas Energy plc 1,821 followers Qatargas 90,622 followers Fairfield Energy 2,847 followers Saudi Aramco 516,868 followers S&P Global Platts 21,626 followers TGS 9,646 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sean has a account Sean Kammann Equity Research Analyst at Wellington Management Wellington Management University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Villanova, Pennsylvania 178 178 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Wellington Management Dates Employed 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs National Team Athlete Company Name United States National Rowing Team Dates Employed Jul 1993 – Oct 2000 Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos World Champion in 1999.World Championship Silver medallist in 1998.World Cup Silver medallist in 2000.Alternate for 2000 Olympic Rowing Team (Sydney, Australia)Alternate for 1996 Olympic Rowing Team (Atlanta, GA USA)Multiple time national champion Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance and Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Fund FellowMember of the Investment Management Club Princeton University Degree Name Bachelor of Science and Engineering (BSE) Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Member of the Varsity Rowing Team. 2 undefeated regular seasons (1995 and 1996). 3 time Eastern Sprints Champion (1996, 1997, 1998). 3 time IRA Collegiate National Champion (1995, 1996, 1998). Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 7 endorsements for Equities 7 Equities Endorsed by William Foley, ASIP, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sean’s colleagues at Wellington Management Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 6 endorsements for Investments 6 Investments Endorsed by Ajay Shroff and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sean’s colleagues at Wellington Management Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Endorsed by William Foley, ASIP, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sean’s colleagues at Wellington Management Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Wellington Management 24,923 followers
More Actions Adam has a account Adam Platt Equity Research Analyst Value Line Brooklyn Law School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Value Line Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos Location New York, New York Attorney Company Name Shwal & Platt Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Education Brooklyn Law School Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 University of Florida Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Bloomberg See 12 endorsements for Bloomberg 12 Bloomberg Endorsed by 2 of Adam’s colleagues at Value Line Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 12 endorsements for Equities 12 Equities Endorsed by 3 of Adam’s colleagues at Value Line Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 12 endorsements for Equity Research 12 Equity Research Shai Dardashti and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Brooklyn Law School 15,534 followers Brooklyn Law School 16,329 followers University of Florida 341,801 followers Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 33,097 followers University of Florida 328,820 followers Value Line 1,693 followers
More Actions Mary has a account Mary Killian Global Equity Research Analyst, VP at Franklin Templeton Investments Franklin Templeton Investments Rutgers University - Newark Greater New York City Area 386 386 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President, Global Equity Research Analyst - Consumer Company Name Franklin Templeton Investments Dates Employed Feb 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 5 mos Senior member of the Global Large-Cap Institutional team with responsibility for fundamental research of the global Consumer sectors and providing investment ideas within the Consumer sectors. Equity Research Analyst - Consumer Company Name Merrill Lynch Investment Managers Dates Employed Oct 1998 – Apr 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Provided fundamental research of various industries with a principal focus on Beverages, Foods, Multi-Line and Specialty Apparel Retail and a secondary focus on REITs. Portfolio Administrator Company Name Merrill Lynch Investment Managers Dates Employed Mar 1994 – Oct 1998 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Education Rutgers University - Newark Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2008 Rowan University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Business Administration, Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1994 Ocean County College Degree Name AS Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 Volunteer Experience Board Member, Treasurer Company Name Toms River South Alumni Association Dates volunteered Oct 2013 – Jun 2015 Volunteer duration 1 yr 9 mos Cause Education Treasurer, Chair of Fundraising Committee Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 25 endorsements for Equities 25 Equities Endorsed by Andy Smith, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mary’s colleagues at BlackRock Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 22 endorsements for Equity Research 22 Equity Research Endorsed by Andy Smith, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mary’s colleagues at BlackRock Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 11 endorsements for Investments 11 Investments Endorsed by 3 of Mary’s colleagues at BlackRock Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Yan Lager, CFA Vice President, Equity Research Analyst at Franklin Templeton Investments June 8, 2011, Mary was senior to Yan but didn’t manage directly Mary's knowledge, experience, and advise has been instrumental in my professional development. This posting expresses my own personal opinion. It is not endorsed by Franklin Templeton Investments nor does it represent FTI information or viewpoints. Thomas D'Auria CFA Managing Partner at Tandem Investment Partners January 13, 2010, Thomas was senior to Mary but didn’t manage directly Mary was an extremely detail-oriented person. Her commitment to her job as well as her desire to increase her knowledge showed me that she would continue to advance in the investment research field. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rutgers University - Newark 46,725 followers Ocean County College 16,741 followers Rutgers University 303,121 followers Rutgers Business School 27,917 followers Rutgers University 267,982 followers Rowan University 50,996 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Campbell Equity Research Analyst at Stephens Inc. Stephens Inc. University of Mississippi - School of Business Administration Little Rock, Arkansas 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail John is a research analyst covering the real estate services sector. John joined Stephens in May 2011 as a research associate in the business services and insurance brokerage space. He was promoted into a lead analyst role in February 2014. Prior to joining Stephens Inc., John was a senior strategy planning analyst at FedEx Corporation where he focused on the development and implementation of corporate strategy. He graduated from the University of Mississippi in 2005 with a B.A. in banking & finance and later received an M.B.A. in 2011 from the University of Mississippi. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow John’s Activity 688 followers Good afternoon friends, I wanted to update you on my move into the Private Client Group at Stephens Inc. After 10 years as a high touch institutional equity sales-trader, I am excited to begin my journey into wealth management. Whether it's working to build a future, preserving capital or creating a legacy, Stephens has the capabilities to achieve both short and long-term goals. Please feel free to contact me and let me know if I can be of any assistance. Regards, George John liked See all activity Experience Senior Vice President, Equity Research Company Name Stephens Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Little Rock, Arkansas Vice President, Equity Research Analyst Company Name Stephens Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Little Rock, Arkansas Area Equity Research Associate Company Name Stephens Inc. Dates Employed May 2011 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Little Rock, Arkansas Area Sr. Strategy Planning Analyst Company Name FedEx Services Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Greater Memphis Area Education University of Mississippi - School of Business Administration Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 University of Mississippi - School of Business Administration Degree Name Banking and Finance Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Sigma Chi Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Barron's 85,931 followers University of Mississippi School of Law 9,544 followers Don TapscottDon Tapscott is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO The Tapscott Group 512,132 followers Ellie Mae 9,388 followers FedEx Services 47,914 followers Compass / 7,673 followers See all See all following
More Actions Carl has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Carl Guerin, CFA Vice President, Equity Research Analyst - The Boston Company The Boston Company University of Massachusetts Boston Greater Boston Area 270 270 connections InMail Highlights Experience Vice President, Research Analyst Company Name The Boston Company Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Boston Area Generalist on Small/Mid-Cap Opportunistic Value team Portfolio Coordinator Company Name The Boston Company Dates Employed May 2008 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Assistant Vice President Company Name Bank of New York Mellon Dates Employed Oct 2006 – May 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Senior Financial Analyst Company Name m-Qube Dates Employed 2006 – 2006 Employment Duration less than a year Senior Financial Analyst Company Name ICMA-RC Dates Employed 2004 – 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs See more positions Education University of Massachusetts Boston Degree Name Center for Collaborative Leadership Field Of Study Emerging Leaders Program Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute at Hartford Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Management, Concentration in Financial Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2004 Boston University Questrom School of Business Degree Name Bachaelors Field Of Study Business Administration, Concentration in Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Skills Equities Equities Click and drag to reorder skills Mutual Funds Mutual Funds Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management Asset Management Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis Financial Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Chris Sinclair President, The Anthem Group February 7, 2013, Carl and Chris were students together I've had the pleasure of having Chris as a team member for our group project along with interacting with him during the larger group sessions. Chris provided an unique perspective that was evident by his thought-provoking comments during the forum discussions. In both the sessions and our group project, he was able to seamlessly connect and work effectively with individuals spanning the private, public, & non-profit industries. Chris’ strong work ethic was very apparent in how he went about his individual assignments along with aiding in the completion of our final deliverable. Overall, it was a pleasure working with Chris and I look forward to working with him in the future. Accomplishments Interests FactSet User Network (Boston) 571 members Effective Networking 34 followers The Boston Company Asset Management, LLC 1,402 followers Scudder 1,073 members Boston University Questrom School of Business 41,064 followers Boston University Questrom School of Business Alumni 16,573 members See all See all following
More Actions Timothy W. has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Timothy W. Allen Experienced Investment Analyst & Business Development Professional BRICK HOUSE Frozen Yogurt LLC University of Iowa Greater San Diego Area 288 288 connections Send InMail HIGH-IMPACT INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL: with 10+ years highly regarded financial services experience as a top performing equity research analyst, wealth manager and entrepreneur. Proven ability to increase revenue due to sharp business intellect, strategic mindset and valuable client-focused ideas. In-depth knowledge of global financial markets including multiple asset classes, economics, investment strategy and market theory. Diverse financial markets experience across multiple asset classes, including equities, fixed income and alternative investments (real estate, commodity futures, options and forex) provides an edge when recognizing early signs of changing market trends and potential externalities impacting asset prices. Evaluate corporate strategy and growth opportunities based on skillful competitive intelligence. Thrive on identifying new investment ideas by continuously monitoring company/industry fundamentals, the economic outlook and looking ahead for emerging industry trends. STRENGTHS: Resourceful • Effective Under Pressure • C-Level Interaction • Asset Valuation • Idea Generation • Corporate Strategy • SWOT Analysis • Financial Modeling & Quant Analysis • Business Development Passed series 3, 7, 34, 63, 86 & 87 exams; passed levels I & II of CFA program Database & Software Skills: Bloomberg, Factset, S&P Capital IQ, Thomson Reuters, CRM and Microsoft Office ANALYTICAL FRAMEWORKS: Benchmarking, Balanced Scorecard/Strategy Mapping, Porter's Five Forces, SWOT Analysis, Gap Analysis and 4P's/4C's See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Co-Founder & Managing Partner Company Name BRICK HOUSE Frozen Yogurt LLC Dates Employed May 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Cedar Falls, IA Directed the strategy, planning, development and operation of family owned frozen yogurt shop.• Voted #1 yogurt shop based on premium product and magnetizing, customer-centric culture• Created multi-channel marketing tools to grow new and repeat traffic (e.g. digital, print, radio, etc.)• Partnered with local schools and non-profit groups to recruit talent and win core markets• Based strategies on SWOT analysis and the Golden Rule to succeed in competitive market Media (2) This position has 2 media Food Bank Fundraising Event Food Bank Fundraising Event This media is a document Toys For Tots Fundraising Event Toys For Tots Fundraising Event This media is a document Wealth Manager/CRM - Futures, Forex & Options Trading Company Name Peregrine Financial Group Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Cedar Falls, IA Top-producer due to product knowledge, effective marketing and proactive business development. Worked with Commodity Trading Advisors on derivative-based trading strategies.• Only employee fast-tracked through Wealth Management Training Program• Set records for new accounts (100+) and equity raised ($5M+), double department average• Improved productivity of sales campaigns by creating high-quality, client-focused marketing tools• Winner of company-wide option trading contest using credit spreads and volatility strategies Commercial Real Estate Analyst & Business Consultant Company Name HLA Investments LLC Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location New York, New York Analyzed property acquisitions and other businesses at investment firm primarily engaged in the acquisition, development and management of a $30M+ real estate portfolio while obtaining MBA.• Advised on acquisition of 17-home package generating a 40% ROI within one year of integration• Reversed profit declines at subsidiary through improved inventory and expense management• Valued investments using income, market and cost methods; equity reversion and alternate use Senior Equity Research Analyst, Consumer Group - 25 Retail & Restaurant Equities Company Name Jefferies Group LLC Dates Employed Aug 2004 – Nov 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location New York, NY Formulated Buy/Hold/Sell ratings and thought-provoking ideas based on top-down/bottom-up, data-driven analysis. Evaluated operational and business strategies among industry peers.• Ranked top five of 60+ associates based on marketability and institutional sales force poll• Generated a 25% increase in sales within nine months of promotion to senior role• Produced 150+ reports annually related to news events, investment ideas and sector themes• Led due diligence on initiation of restaurant industry coverage• Collaborated with capital market teams on public debt and equity offerings totaling $350M+• Built relationships with clients and C-Level Execs during marketing meetings and conferences Media (2) This position has 2 media Traders Find A Home At Home Depot Traders Find A Home At Home Depot This media is a link Circuit City's Job Cuts Backfiring, Analysts Say Circuit City's Job Cuts Backfiring, Analysts Say This media is a link Associate Equity Research Analyst, Hardline Retail -13 Equities Company Name A.G. Edwards & Sons (Wells Fargo Advisors) Dates Employed Jul 2000 – Aug 2004 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location St. Louis, MO Created detailed financial models of industry coverage, competitors, business partners and economic indicators to identify factors driving business fundamentals, and facilitate equity analysis.• Top associate on team recognized as “Best All-American Boutique” by Institutional Investor• Worked with development teams on new research product and website for corporate rebranding • Led productivity turnaround of Securities Reconciliation Dept as manager of six person team Education University of Iowa Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Finance - Emphasis in Accounting Grade GPA 3.57 Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 University of Northern Iowa Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Capstone Consulting Experience - Strategic Planning Grade GPA 3.63 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Studied characteristics of successful corporate turnarounds, strategic change, restructuring and building corporate buy-in Volunteer Experience Strategic Planning Consultant Company Name Beyond Pink TEAM Dates volunteered 2009 – 2010 Volunteer duration 1 yr Cause Health The Beyond Pink TEAM is nonprofit organization whose mission is to provide breast cancer prevention, education, support and advocacy for comprehensive quality care in the Cedar Valley and surrounding communities.Pursues its mission by: Taking action, Educating, Advocating, Making a difference (TEAM)Led comprehensive strategic evaluation to address the Beyond Pink TEAM's concerns.Facilitator during two days of strategic planning sessions to evaluate all nine subcommittees'​ goals:Day 1 Strategic Planning objectives:• Identify gaps/mismatches between current and desired mission, and subcommittee goals• Identify specific actions to more fully achieve desired goals and objectivesDay 2 Strategic Planning objectives:• Update mission statement based on desired goals members provided during Day 1• Observed board meetings and conducted one-on-one interviews with members to grasp issues• Implemented proprietary Task-Tracking Survey to determine specific actions and resources needed to carrying out programs and services (e.g. tasks, staff hours, funds and stakeholders involved)• Conducted Situational Analysis including: internal and external assessments, a review of its finances, marketing efforts, SWOT analysis and a stakeholder analysis• Delivered detailed strategic action-plans for all nine committees and their respective members to help achieve their objectivesThe value of our Strategic Plan lies in the blueprint or "Action-Plans" created after realistically answering the following questions:1) Where are we as an organization? 2) What do we want to be?, and3) How do we get there? Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 8 endorsements for Equity Research 8 Equity Research Endorsed by 2 of Timothy W.’s colleagues at Jefferies Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 13 endorsements for Investments 13 Investments Endorsed by Doug Allen and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Timothy W.’s colleagues at Jefferies Click and drag to reorder skills Business Development See 1 endorsement for Business Development 1 Business Development Kim Hager has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Timothy W. has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Adkins Diversified Capital LLC Green Point Corporation LLC - Strategic Market Development Business Startups Timothy W. has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Completed levels I and II of CFA program Passed Series 3, 7, 34, 63, 86 and 87 exams Timothy W. has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Dean's List Dean's List Timothy W. has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests University of Iowa 157,221 followers Traders Log | Stock Market, Forex and Futures Trading 25,967 members Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,639 followers E-mini S&P Futures Trading 2,374 members Proprietary Traders EU 671 members Mergers & Acquisitions Network 67,574 members See all See all following
More Actions Matteo has a account Matteo Bonizzoni, CFA Equity Research Analyst at Kepler Cheuvreux Kepler Cheuvreux CFA Institute Varese Area, Italy 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Kepler Cheuvreux Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Milan Capital goods, Cement / Construction, Refiners, Mid/Small Caps Equity Research Analyst Company Name Cheuvreux Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Milan Area, Italy Cement/Construction; Refiners Credit Risk Analyst Company Name Eurizon Capital SGR Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Milan Area, Italy OTC Derivatives: Counterparty and Settlement Risk Analysis Equity Analyst / Fund Manager Company Name Eurizon Capital SGR Dates Employed Jul 2004 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location Milan Area, Italy Italian Equities Equity Analyst Company Name Julius Baer - Kepler Equities Dates Employed Mar 2002 – Jul 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Italian Mid Small Caps See more positions Education CFA Institute Field Of Study CFA Charterholder Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Università Bocconi Degree Name Master Field Of Study Quantitative Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2001 Università Commerciale 'Luigi Bocconi' Degree Name BS Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 2000 CLEP Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 32 endorsements for Equities 32 Equities Endorsed by Alvaro Cifuentes Gomez 9K and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Matteo’s colleagues at Kepler Cheuvreux Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 30 endorsements for Equity Research 30 Equity Research Endorsed by Aldo Comi and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Matteo’s colleagues at Kepler Cheuvreux Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 22 endorsements for Bloomberg 22 Bloomberg Endorsed by Alvaro Cifuentes Gomez 9K and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Matteo’s colleagues at Kepler Cheuvreux Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Niccolo' Bossi Head of IR - Strategic Business Planning - Corporate Affairs at lastminute.com group September 30, 2010, Niccolo' worked with Matteo but at different companies It's always a pleasure to meet with Matteo in one to one meeting.His capability to fully understand the equity story and the specific aspects of the business of the Company he is evaluating, is a real great plus. Elena Di Vincenzo Credit Risk Analyst at Eurizon Capital SGR October 21, 2011, Matteo was senior to Elena but didn’t manage directly Elena is a very smart and talented person. Her main strength is definetely her curiosity: she is always striving to improve in new areas of knowledge. I definitely recommed Elena as a new resource in teams where passion and energy are needed. Niccolo' Bossi Head of IR - Strategic Business Planning - Corporate Affairs at lastminute.com group September 30, 2010, Niccolo' was a client of Matteo’s Niccolo' has always proved very professional, detailed and skillful in his position as IR Manager at Engineering. Accomplishments Matteo has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Emmanuel MacronEmmanuel Macron is a LinkedIn Influencer Président de la République française. 178,045 followers BNP Paribas 366,021 followers Equity Crowdfunding Group 1,247 members Banca IMI 21,964 followers Università Bocconi 122,654 followers Università Bocconi 95,270 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium David Readerman, CFA Portfolio Manager Endurance Capital Partners, LLC NYU Stern School of Business San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Endurance Capital Partners. General Partner, Portfolio Manager Endurance Fund. Marsico Capital Management. Senior Investment Analyst. Focus & Growth Funds 2003-2010 (Denver) Thomas Weisel Partners (TWP). Founding Partner. Equity Growth Strategist. 1999.2003 (San Francisco) Montgomery Securities Partner. Equity Research Analyst Software & Internet. 1992-1999 (San Francisco). Lehman Brothers. Equity Research Analyst. Software & Data Services. 1987-1992 (New York / San Francisco). Institutional Investor All Star ranked. Smith Barney. Equity Research Analyst. Software & Data Services. 1983- 1987 (New York). Institutional Investor All Star ranked. Specialties: Long / Short Technology Focused Hedge Fund, U.S. Growth Equities Institutional Investor. Industry Domain Expertise: Technology, Media & Telecom (TMT), Disruptive Tech across Consumer, Industrial, Energy and Financial Sectors. Global Growth: China, Emerging Markets. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow David’s Activity 1,716 followers Maiden flight around Manhattan on the new ICON A5 sport plane. New category of plane that lands on water and has folding wings for storage. Good to see my friend Kirk Hawkins, founder of this Silicon Valley start up and former fighter pilot, finally get to take off. Today Show feature his past Saturday. David liked U.S. exit from Paris Climate Agreement? We (+350mn) are better than that! Top emitters that signed but never ratified: Russia 7.5%, Iran 1.3% & Turkey 1.2% total global emissions. U.S. ranks 2nd @ 17.9%. Own it - solve it. A big, tough problem for generations ahead. David shared this See all activity Experience Managing Member, Portfolio Manager Company Name Endurance Capital Partners, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location One SF Ferry Building, San Francisco, California Technology long / short hedge fundFocus on emerging growth sectors Concentration on Silicon Valley - SF Bay Area Media (1) This position has 1 media https://www.endurancecp.com https://www.endurancecp.com This media is a link Portfolio Manager Long / Short Hedge Funds Company Name Forward Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Long / Short Equity Hedge FundsForward Endurance LP and '40 Act. Founding Partner Company Name dReaderman Capital Management Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 9 mos Location DIA > SFO > DIA > SFO..... Family office focus on private and public high growth tech companies Senior Investment Analyst Company Name Marsico Capital Management Dates Employed Aug 2003 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos Location Denver, Colorado Senior Investment AnalystTechnology, Media & Telecom domain specialtyGrowth generalistChina & Emerging markets co-founder Company Name Environmental Entrepreneurs (E2) Dates Employed 2006 – 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Denver - Boulder, Colorado Environmental Entrepreneurs; non-partisan national organization of business professionals focused on smart, sensible solutions. See more positions Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1983 Activities and Societies: Trading options on the AMEX Colgate University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1974 – 1978 Volunteer Experience Juniors Little League Baseball - Marin Company Name Tiburon Peninsula Little League Baseball Dates volunteered Feb 2013 – Dec 2013 Volunteer duration 11 mos Cause Children Spring 2013 seasonDecember 2013 Intersession 2016 class "Money & Investing" Company Name The Bay School of San Francisco Dates volunteered Apr 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 3 mos Cause Education Intersession 2017: Buiness & Investing Company Name The Bay School of San Francisco Dates volunteered Apr 2017 – Apr 2017 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Hedge Funds See 60 endorsements for Hedge Funds 60 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Michael Liou and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of David’s colleagues at Salient Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 57 endorsements for Equities 57 Equities Endorsed by Michael Liou and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of David’s colleagues at Salient Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 48 endorsements for Equity Research 48 Equity Research Endorsed by Matt Robison and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of David’s colleagues at Salient Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Jess Kletz New Business Development Manager at Bloomberg LP May 16, 2012, David was a client of Jess’ Jess implemented our Bloomberg AIM Order Management System in 20111. Subsequently, Jess worked with us to further streamlined our business processes. Always attentive and responsive to the various portfolio management needs, Jess has been there for us. A 'true business partner'. Michi Rasmussen Senior Vice President,Head of Events, Bank of the West December 15, 2011, David was senior to Michi but didn’t manage directly I strongly recommend Michi for her outstanding work as head of marketing & corporate events BOTH at Montgomery Securities and Thomas Weisel Partners. The "Michi events" were world class with flawless execution. We worked directly in creating, launching and running the "Power of .com" Internet Conferences in Aspen. I welcome any inquiries and follow-up discussion with any prospective employer. A "true talent" in her field!/ dreaderman@forwardmgmt.com Accomplishments David has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst David has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish David has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization CFA Society San Francisco Interests Colgate University 29,310 followers Guy KawasakiGuy Kawasaki is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief evangelist 2,337,961 followers Salient 1,906 followers GE Digital 91,801 followers Trish ReganTrish Regan is a LinkedIn Influencer The Intelligence Report w/Trish Regan daily 2pm on THE FOX BUSINESS NETWORK & Columnist, USA Today 313,645 followers Ryan 11,463 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ian has a account Ian Venzon Equity Research Analyst at Big Sky Capital Investments LLC Big Sky Capital Investments LLC California State Polytechnic University-Pomona Orange County, California Area 90 90 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Ian’s Activity 90 followers This is not a drill! Activision joins Tesla and 18 other companies on the Fortune 500. Congrats to everyone! - https://lnkd.in/g-72Xrt Ian liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Big Sky Capital Investments LLC Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Irvine, CA Junior Analyst, Mergers & Acquisitions Company Name Harvey & Company LLC Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Newport Beach, CA - Valued businesses for Private Equity clients on EBITDA/Revenue multiples and comparative, completed deal metrics- Researched and estimated revenues for companies across the insurance and financial services spaces- Deal sourced privately held businesses for Private Equity clients in terms of fit, scalability, and product lines- Spoke to company owners as to their product mix, growth rates, margins, and ability to integrate with the platform- Conducted market research for expected sector growth rates and industry trends on both a Macro and Micro level Investment Analyst Company Name Turczan Investment Consulting Group of Wells Fargo Advisors Dates Employed Aug 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Pasadena, CA - Performed in depth analysis of Mutual Funds, ETF’s, SMA’s and stocks over a variety of different asset classes such as International & Domestic Fixed Income, MLPs, REITS, Small/Mid/Large-Cap Equity, International Equity, Emerging Markets, and Commodities- Created detailed spreadsheets for performance reporting, account insight, and rebalancing needs- Screened funds for outperforming managers with strategies most suited to the portfolio objectives- Developed, printed and bound reports for institutional client meetings- Utilized both Quantitative and Qualitative methodologies for investment research, including statistics based risk management Financial Assistant Company Name International Transport Workers Federation Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom - Entered credit receipts and generated reports- Created and maintained spreadsheets- Interacted with global region offices- Generated budget estimates and comparisons- Organized and filed financial documents for increased ease of reference Education California State Polytechnic University-Pomona Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Finance, Real Estate & Law Richmond, The American International University in London Field Of Study Study Abroad Workstudy Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 Work placement study abroad program. I worked at the International Transport Workers Federation (ITF) while taking a British Culture course as well as a Money & Banking course. For my term projects I wrote a 10 page research report on the causes of the 2009 Economic collapse, a 10 page paper on the history and current validity of the Monarchy, and a 15 page report + presentation on my learning experiences and work responsibilities at the ITF. Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 5 endorsements for Research 5 Research Colby Calisi and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 1 endorsement for Financial Modeling 1 Financial Modeling Isrrael Mendoza has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 2 endorsements for Finance 2 Finance Isrrael Mendoza and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ian has 12 courses 12 Expand courses section Courses Evaluation of Financial Policy Financial & Managerial Accounting Financial Derivatives Financial Modeling Fundamentals of Real Estate Internship in Finance Investment Analysis Managerial Statistics Micro & Macro Economics Money & Banking Ian has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Bloomberg Market Concepts Advanced Open Water Diver Interests Wells Fargo 569,442 followers Jim CliftonJim Clifton is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO at Gallup 166,405 followers Aberdeen Asset Management 45,413 followers Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 46,254 followers PIMCO 68,569 followers GQR Global Markets 69,072 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Troy Managing Director at Wells Fargo Wells Fargo Bucknell University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Wells Fargo Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Co Founder, Owner and CEO Company Name Peel Holdings LLC Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Executive Director Company Name Nomura Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Director Company Name Susquehanna Financial Group Dates Employed 2010 – May 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs Director Company Name Citi Investment Research Dates Employed 1998 – 2010 Employment Duration 12 yrs Location New York City Education Bucknell University Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 14 endorsements for Financial Modeling 14 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Lori Calvasina, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Matt’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 10 endorsements for Hedge Funds 10 Hedge Funds Endorsed by 6 of Matt’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 10 endorsements for Valuation 10 Valuation Endorsed by Basil Karatzas, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Matt’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests DHL 598,435 followers BNSF Logistics 14,227 followers Bucknell University 37,085 followers Pan Am Railways 1,478 followers Old Dominion Freight Line 18,924 followers Werner Enterprises 13,931 followers See all See all following
More Actions Georgia has a account Georgia Harris Equity Research Analyst at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bank of America Merrill Lynch University of Warwick Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom 161 161 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst - Oil & Gas Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Global Research Summer Analyst Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Communications Coordinator Company Name Warwick Economics Summit Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Money Editor Company Name The Boar Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Education University of Warwick Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Economics Grade First Class Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Dr Challoner's High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Social Media See 4 endorsements for Social Media 4 Social Media Emily Hyett and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Teamwork See 4 endorsements for Teamwork 4 Teamwork Endorsed by Maria Vittoria Foglia, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Georgia’s colleagues at Warwick Economics Summit Click and drag to reorder skills Social Networking See 2 endorsements for Social Networking 2 Social Networking Ethan Harris and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Georgia has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Warwick Economics Summit 2014 Interests Warwick Economics Summit 115 members Warwick Business School – University of Warwick 28,146 members Merrill Lynch 396,680 followers University of Warwick 114,029 followers The Boar 1,243 followers Warwick Economics Summit 328 followers See all See all following
More Actions Saul has a account Saul Rans Senior Equity Research Analyst at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley University of Cambridge London, United Kingdom 95 95 connections Send InMail I am a Senior Equity Research Analyst with six years of experience in researching the MENA region and 13 years’ prior experience in the European market. I am also qualified as a Chartered Accountant. My main focus is fundamental industry and company analysis. In addition to the expertise I have accumulated on the job, I am self-taught in advanced financial and valuation analysis using Damodaran, Buffett, Graham, Rappaport, Copeland and others. Similarly, I have built advanced level industry and corporate strategy analytical skills using Porter, Jarillo, Bruner and others. Specialties: Proficient in use of EXCEL and Word. Language skills: French (fluent spoken, business level written); and German (business level spoken). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom Senior Equity Research Analyst (Executive Director) - Saudi Arabian equities (based in London/ Dubai).Coverage of Consumer and Industrial stocks in Saudi Arabia, plus ad hoc thematic research. Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Dresdner Kleinwort Dates Employed Oct 2006 – May 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Senior Equity Research Analyst (Vice President) - German Mid & Small Caps (London).Worked as a generalist in a stock-picking role across multiple industry sectors. Took the primary analyst role on coverage of selected stocks in the following sectors: Fertilisers; Metals and Mining; Industrials; Specialty Chemicals; Consumer; and Alternative Financials. Dresdner Kleinwort's German Mid & Small Cap Equity Research Team was ranked #1 team in its sector in the EXTEL Survey of European institutional investors in 2008. In the same survey, I was ranked #4 individual analyst in the sector.My employment with Dresdner Kleinwort ended on 19 May 2009, due to redundancy. Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Commerzbank AG Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Sep 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Senior Equity Research Analyst (Vice President) - German Mid & Small Caps (London).Worked as a generalist in a stock-picking role across multiple industry sectors. Took the primary analyst role on coverage of selected stocks in the following sectors: Industrials; Support Services; Solar Energy; and Technology Hardware.Co-developed a value-oriented stock screening template for smaller companies, which was incorporated into all of the team's major published research. This including a detailed 'health check' of quarterly financials and accounting policies as well as a proprietary valuation model.Successfully executed the primary analyst role on the 2005 IPO of Conergy (solar energy sector), for which Commerzbank was the global co-ordinator of the banking syndicate. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Citi Dates Employed Feb 1996 – Mar 2004 Employment Duration 8 yrs 2 mos Equity Research Analyst - German Mid & Small Caps (London).Worked as a generalist in a stock-picking role across multiple industry sectors. Took the primary analyst role on coverage of selected stocks in the following sectors: Industrials; Support Services; Technology Hardware; Consumer; and Alternative Financials.Successfully executed the primary analyst role on the 2000 IPO of BKN International (media content sector), for which Citi was the global co-ordinator of the banking syndicate.Citi's German Mid & Small Cap Equity Research Team was ranked #1 team in its sector in the EXTEL Survey of European institutional investors in 1999, 2000 and 2001.For the period 1996-2000 I was employed by Schroder Securities and transfered to Citi as a consequence of Citi's acquisition of the capital markets and investment banking activities of Schroders plc in 2000. Audit Senior Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed Sep 1991 – Jan 1996 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Staff member, Audit and Business Advisory Services Division (London).Gained in-depth experience of the corporate financial reporting cycle and of business control processes across a range of non-financial industry sectors.Successfully completed a number of ad-hoc, non-audit projects (acquisition due diligence investigations, going concern reviews etc).Qualified as a Chartered Accountant (ACA) in September 2004. Education University of Cambridge Degree Name BA Hons IIi Field Of Study Modern Languages (French and German) Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Member of St John's College. Played for the College Hockey Club 1st XI. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Cambridge 293,210 followers Morgan Stanley 590,741 followers University of Cambridge 331,235 followers
More Actions Bobby has a account Bobby Eubank, CFA Equity Research Analyst Chevy Chase Trust Towson University Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Bobby’s Activity I was invited to be on the board for University of Maryland's business school and I CANNOT be more honored and excited!!!!! Bobby commented See all activity Experience Equity Research Associate Company Name Chevy Chase Trust Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Bethesda, MD Equity Research Analyst Company Name ASB Investment Management Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Bethesda, MD Para-Planner Company Name Heritage Financial Consultants, LLC Dates Employed Jun 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Baltimore, Maryland Area Portfolio Manager Company Name Towson University Investment Group Dates Employed May 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Towson, MD Equity Research Intern Company Name Blue Point Investment Management, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Towson, MD See more positions Education Towson University Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Finance (Economics minor) Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 The Community College of Baltimore County Degree Name Associate's Degree Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Bobby has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Financial and Valuation Modeling Training Program Series 65 Series 7 Bobby has 3 test scores 3 Expand test scores section Test Scores Series 65 Bloomberg Assesment Test Series 7 Bobby has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization CFA Society of Washington, DC Interests Yaskawa Motoman 12,859 followers FORTE, a Swisslog Company 2,814 followers Essex Community College 6,240 followers KUKA Flexible Production Systems 2,295 followers Key Energy Services 20,989 followers The Community College of Baltimore County 21,751 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Troy Managing Director at Wells Fargo Wells Fargo Bucknell University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Wells Fargo Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Co Founder, Owner and CEO Company Name Peel Holdings LLC Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Executive Director Company Name Nomura Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Director Company Name Susquehanna Financial Group Dates Employed 2010 – May 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs Director Company Name Citi Investment Research Dates Employed 1998 – 2010 Employment Duration 12 yrs Location New York City Education Bucknell University Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 14 endorsements for Financial Modeling 14 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Lori Calvasina, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Matt’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 10 endorsements for Hedge Funds 10 Hedge Funds Endorsed by 6 of Matt’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 10 endorsements for Valuation 10 Valuation Endorsed by Basil Karatzas, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Matt’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests CN 39,687 followers Bucknell University 36,583 followers Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members FedEx 215,656 followers CSX 55,339 followers Deutsche Post 16,043 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ian has a account Ian Venzon Equity Research Analyst at Big Sky Capital Investments LLC Big Sky Capital Investments LLC California State Polytechnic University-Pomona Orange County, California Area 90 90 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Ian’s Activity 90 followers This is not a drill! Activision joins Tesla and 18 other companies on the Fortune 500. Congrats to everyone! - https://lnkd.in/g-72Xrt Ian liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Big Sky Capital Investments LLC Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Irvine, CA Junior Analyst, Mergers & Acquisitions Company Name Harvey & Company LLC Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Newport Beach, CA - Valued businesses for Private Equity clients on EBITDA/Revenue multiples and comparative, completed deal metrics- Researched and estimated revenues for companies across the insurance and financial services spaces- Deal sourced privately held businesses for Private Equity clients in terms of fit, scalability, and product lines- Spoke to company owners as to their product mix, growth rates, margins, and ability to integrate with the platform- Conducted market research for expected sector growth rates and industry trends on both a Macro and Micro level Investment Analyst Company Name Turczan Investment Consulting Group of Wells Fargo Advisors Dates Employed Aug 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Pasadena, CA - Performed in depth analysis of Mutual Funds, ETF’s, SMA’s and stocks over a variety of different asset classes such as International & Domestic Fixed Income, MLPs, REITS, Small/Mid/Large-Cap Equity, International Equity, Emerging Markets, and Commodities- Created detailed spreadsheets for performance reporting, account insight, and rebalancing needs- Screened funds for outperforming managers with strategies most suited to the portfolio objectives- Developed, printed and bound reports for institutional client meetings- Utilized both Quantitative and Qualitative methodologies for investment research, including statistics based risk management Financial Assistant Company Name International Transport Workers Federation Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom - Entered credit receipts and generated reports- Created and maintained spreadsheets- Interacted with global region offices- Generated budget estimates and comparisons- Organized and filed financial documents for increased ease of reference Education California State Polytechnic University-Pomona Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Finance, Real Estate & Law Richmond, The American International University in London Field Of Study Study Abroad Workstudy Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 Work placement study abroad program. I worked at the International Transport Workers Federation (ITF) while taking a British Culture course as well as a Money & Banking course. For my term projects I wrote a 10 page research report on the causes of the 2009 Economic collapse, a 10 page paper on the history and current validity of the Monarchy, and a 15 page report + presentation on my learning experiences and work responsibilities at the ITF. Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 5 endorsements for Research 5 Research Colby Calisi and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 1 endorsement for Financial Modeling 1 Financial Modeling Isrrael Mendoza has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 2 endorsements for Finance 2 Finance Isrrael Mendoza and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ian has 12 courses 12 Expand courses section Courses Evaluation of Financial Policy Financial & Managerial Accounting Financial Derivatives Financial Modeling Fundamentals of Real Estate Internship in Finance Investment Analysis Managerial Statistics Micro & Macro Economics Money & Banking Ian has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Bloomberg Market Concepts Advanced Open Water Diver Interests California State Polytechnic University-Pomona 109,115 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,640 followers Mike BloombergMike Bloomberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur, philanthropist, and three-term mayor of New York City 800,728 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,241,948 followers SoftBank Group 13,599 followers Parallax Capital Partners 319 followers See all See all following
More Actions Saul has a account Saul Rans Senior Equity Research Analyst at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley University of Cambridge London, United Kingdom 95 95 connections Send InMail I am a Senior Equity Research Analyst with six years of experience in researching the MENA region and 13 years’ prior experience in the European market. I am also qualified as a Chartered Accountant. My main focus is fundamental industry and company analysis. In addition to the expertise I have accumulated on the job, I am self-taught in advanced financial and valuation analysis using Damodaran, Buffett, Graham, Rappaport, Copeland and others. Similarly, I have built advanced level industry and corporate strategy analytical skills using Porter, Jarillo, Bruner and others. Specialties: Proficient in use of EXCEL and Word. Language skills: French (fluent spoken, business level written); and German (business level spoken). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom Senior Equity Research Analyst (Executive Director) - Saudi Arabian equities (based in London/ Dubai).Coverage of Consumer and Industrial stocks in Saudi Arabia, plus ad hoc thematic research. Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Dresdner Kleinwort Dates Employed Oct 2006 – May 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Senior Equity Research Analyst (Vice President) - German Mid & Small Caps (London).Worked as a generalist in a stock-picking role across multiple industry sectors. Took the primary analyst role on coverage of selected stocks in the following sectors: Fertilisers; Metals and Mining; Industrials; Specialty Chemicals; Consumer; and Alternative Financials. Dresdner Kleinwort's German Mid & Small Cap Equity Research Team was ranked #1 team in its sector in the EXTEL Survey of European institutional investors in 2008. In the same survey, I was ranked #4 individual analyst in the sector.My employment with Dresdner Kleinwort ended on 19 May 2009, due to redundancy. Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Commerzbank AG Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Sep 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Senior Equity Research Analyst (Vice President) - German Mid & Small Caps (London).Worked as a generalist in a stock-picking role across multiple industry sectors. Took the primary analyst role on coverage of selected stocks in the following sectors: Industrials; Support Services; Solar Energy; and Technology Hardware.Co-developed a value-oriented stock screening template for smaller companies, which was incorporated into all of the team's major published research. This including a detailed 'health check' of quarterly financials and accounting policies as well as a proprietary valuation model.Successfully executed the primary analyst role on the 2005 IPO of Conergy (solar energy sector), for which Commerzbank was the global co-ordinator of the banking syndicate. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Citi Dates Employed Feb 1996 – Mar 2004 Employment Duration 8 yrs 2 mos Equity Research Analyst - German Mid & Small Caps (London).Worked as a generalist in a stock-picking role across multiple industry sectors. Took the primary analyst role on coverage of selected stocks in the following sectors: Industrials; Support Services; Technology Hardware; Consumer; and Alternative Financials.Successfully executed the primary analyst role on the 2000 IPO of BKN International (media content sector), for which Citi was the global co-ordinator of the banking syndicate.Citi's German Mid & Small Cap Equity Research Team was ranked #1 team in its sector in the EXTEL Survey of European institutional investors in 1999, 2000 and 2001.For the period 1996-2000 I was employed by Schroder Securities and transfered to Citi as a consequence of Citi's acquisition of the capital markets and investment banking activities of Schroders plc in 2000. Audit Senior Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed Sep 1991 – Jan 1996 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Staff member, Audit and Business Advisory Services Division (London).Gained in-depth experience of the corporate financial reporting cycle and of business control processes across a range of non-financial industry sectors.Successfully completed a number of ad-hoc, non-audit projects (acquisition due diligence investigations, going concern reviews etc).Qualified as a Chartered Accountant (ACA) in September 2004. Education University of Cambridge Degree Name BA Hons IIi Field Of Study Modern Languages (French and German) Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Member of St John's College. Played for the College Hockey Club 1st XI. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Morgan Stanley 590,741 followers University of Cambridge 293,220 followers University of Cambridge 331,235 followers
More Actions Bobby has a account Bobby Eubank, CFA Equity Research Analyst Chevy Chase Trust Towson University Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Bobby’s Activity I was invited to be on the board for University of Maryland's business school and I CANNOT be more honored and excited!!!!! Bobby commented See all activity Experience Equity Research Associate Company Name Chevy Chase Trust Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Bethesda, MD Equity Research Analyst Company Name ASB Investment Management Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Bethesda, MD Para-Planner Company Name Heritage Financial Consultants, LLC Dates Employed Jun 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Baltimore, Maryland Area Portfolio Manager Company Name Towson University Investment Group Dates Employed May 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Towson, MD Equity Research Intern Company Name Blue Point Investment Management, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Towson, MD See more positions Education Towson University Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Finance (Economics minor) Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 The Community College of Baltimore County Degree Name Associate's Degree Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Bobby has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Financial and Valuation Modeling Training Program Series 65 Series 7 Bobby has 3 test scores 3 Expand test scores section Test Scores Series 65 Bloomberg Assesment Test Series 7 Bobby has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization CFA Society of Washington, DC Interests AB Bernstein 12,844 followers Oil States Industries 19,303 followers Dematic 43,045 followers Dematic North America 9,074 followers NVIDIA AI 264 followers U.S. Poultry & Egg Association 1,073 followers See all See all following
More Actions Georgia has a account Georgia Harris Equity Research Analyst at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bank of America Merrill Lynch University of Warwick Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom 161 161 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst - Oil & Gas Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Global Research Summer Analyst Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Communications Coordinator Company Name Warwick Economics Summit Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Money Editor Company Name The Boar Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 9 mos Education University of Warwick Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Economics Grade First Class Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Dr Challoner's High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Social Media See 4 endorsements for Social Media 4 Social Media Emily Hyett and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Teamwork See 4 endorsements for Teamwork 4 Teamwork Endorsed by Maria Vittoria Foglia, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Georgia’s colleagues at Warwick Economics Summit Click and drag to reorder skills Social Networking See 2 endorsements for Social Networking 2 Social Networking Ethan Harris and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Georgia has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Warwick Economics Summit 2014 Interests University of Warwick 114,029 followers Bank of America Merrill Lynch 95,973 followers Warwick Economics Summit 115 members University of Warwick 121,417 followers Warwick Economics Summit 328 followers The Boar 1,243 followers See all See all following
More Actions Heping (Mark) has a account Heping (Mark) Yao Senior Equity Analyst - Non-banking Finance Evalueserve University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan-Flagler Business School Zhabei District, Shanghai, China 274 274 connections Send InMail Looking for a full-time position in Equity Research/PE investment Professional Area Feel free to contact me by 149569675@qq.com if you have suitable openings and look for candidates with integrity, exposure to non-banking finance industry of Mainland China/HK/Major ASEAN countries, decent technique skills in accounting/finance and great team work spirit. Specialties: Finance & Accounting related - Working in a first tier Equity Research Team (non-banking finance sector) in conducting company analysis. - Effectively read company documents and reports. - Initiated and updated the financial models and valuated work in database. - Drafted and promoted a variety of research reports. - Did channel check and market survey if necessary. - Performed and conducted ad hoc projects on an as-needed basis. - Audit & Tax; Financial Statement Analysis; CPA candidate; CFA candidate Financial Reporting (GAAP/IFRS) - Advanced level of Excel (including VBA); MS Office - Proficient in financial models: DCF, M&A dilution analysis, LBO model - Basic SQL (Oracle Database System) Experience Material Science Research related: - Experience in materials characterization techniques eg Optical techniques, SEM, TEM, XRD, SIMS, etc. - Experience in semiconductor, thin film, or photovoltaic industry - Experience with lithium ion batteries See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Financial Analyst Company Name Evalueserve Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Off-shore Equity Research associate analyst at UBS,Covering sector: Non-banking finance institutions listed on A/H market, including Insurance company and major Brokers. Daily duties: Model build-up and maintanance; financial results alert drafting; sector research report drafting; pre-IPO deal material preparation Prior covered sector:Oil & Gas Upstream service. Investment Bank Analyst Company Name Tobin and Company Investment Banking Group Dates Employed Jan 2012 – May 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Charlotte, North Carolina Area Associate Analyst Accounting Assistant Company Name Red Hat Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 1 mo Location Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area Junior Internal Auditor Business Analyst Company Name AICPA Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Durham, NC Developing and optimizing the customer data transition process of Oracle System Teaching Assistant for Managerial Accounting course (BUSI 101) Company Name Kenan-Flagler Business School Dates Employed Aug 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos • Held recitations for undergraduates to review learning materials.• Graded assignments. See more positions Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan-Flagler Business School Degree Name Master Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Master of Accounting Fudan University Degree Name Master Field Of Study Polymer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Master of Polymer Science Shanghai Jiao Tong University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Material Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Bachelor of Science See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 7 endorsements for Financial Reporting 7 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Nhan Chan Nguyen, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 2 endorsements for Microsoft Office 2 Microsoft Office Lucy (Lu) Tang, CPA, CMA and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills DCF See 2 endorsements for DCF 2 DCF Nhan Chan Nguyen and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Justine Tobin Investment Banker - Tobin & Company Investment Banking Group LLC January 23, 2013, Justine managed Heping (Mark) directly Mark interned with our firm for several months. Mark has an incredible talent at picking apart complicated financial statements of our clients. We had a client with three different legal entities and separate financials that needed to be consolidated and simplified, but which needed to stand up to rigorous due diligence. Mark was just the man for the job. We enjoyed having him in our shop. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Heping (Mark) has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification USCPA Heping (Mark) has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language 英语 Heping (Mark) has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization CFA; AICPA; FRM Interests ICIS 9,442 followers CFA Institute 165,490 followers Dell EMC 741,507 followers Deloitte 2,200,493 followers AIA 66,738 followers China Renaissance 华兴资本 7,787 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gary has a account Gary Taylor Managing Director - Equity Analyst at JP Morgan JP Morgan University of Missouri-Columbia New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Healthcare services/providers/managed care focus in equity research, investment banking and healthcare consulting since 1994. JP Morgan, Citigroup, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch, A.G. Edwards & Ernst & Young. Highlights Experience Managing Director - Equity Research Company Name JP Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location St. Louis, MO Publishing sellside equity analyst covering the healthcare facilities and managed care sector. Publish research reports, financial projections and valuation analysis for ~25 publicly-traded companies. Managing Director - Equity Research Company Name Citigroup Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Publishing equity research analyst covering the healthcare facilities sector. Publish research reports, financial projections and valuation analysis for approximately 20 publicly-traded companies. Managing Director - Equity Research Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed 1998 – 2008 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location New York, NY Publishing research analyst for approximately 25 publicly-traded healthcare facilities companies, including healthcare REITS. Vice President Investment Banking Company Name A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 1996 – Mar 1999 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location St Louis, MO Participated in the solicitation, structuring and execution of approximately 20 lead & co-managed taxable & tax-exempt bond offerings for healthcare facilities (including hospitals, nursing homes, assisted living facilities and CCRCs). Senior Consultant Company Name Ernst & Young LLC Dates Employed Jun 1994 – Feb 1996 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location St Louis, MO Served as project director and lead consultant for a variety of financial engagements, including: valuations, feasibility studies, and reimbursement enhancement for public and private healthcare companies. Education University of Missouri-Columbia Degree Name BHS, MBA, MHA Field Of Study Finance, Healthcare Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1994 BHS Summa Cum Laude University of Missouri-Columbia Degree Name MBA, MHA, BHS Field Of Study Finance, Healthcare Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 31 endorsements for Valuation 31 Valuation Endorsed by Mark Schoenebaum, MD and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Gary’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 24 endorsements for Equity Research 24 Equity Research Endorsed by Mark Schoenebaum, MD and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Gary’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 17 endorsements for Equities 17 Equities Endorsed by Mark Schoenebaum, MD and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Gary’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gary has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Interests Healthcare Investment Professionals 6,355 members Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members University of Missouri-Columbia 179,595 followers Citi 1,270,298 followers J.P. Morgan 833,559 followers University of Missouri-Columbia 168,991 followers See all See all following
More Actions Simeon has a account Simeon Siegel, CFA Executive Director, Equity Research at Nomura Securities Nomura Securities Columbia University in the City of New York Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Sell-Side Apparel, Broadlines & Specialty Retail Senior Equity Analyst Specialties: Licenses: Series 3, 7, 55, 66, 86, 87 Highlights Experience Executive Director, Senior Equity Analyst, Apparel, Broadlines & Specialty Retail Company Name Nomura Securities Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Institutional Investor "Rising Star of Wall Street" for Retailing/Specialty Stores (2014)Institutional Investor "Rising Star of Wall Street" for Retailing/Specialty Stores (2013) Vice President - Equity Research Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs #1 Institutional Investor Ranked Specialty Retail Team (2012)#1 Institutional Investor Ranked Specialty Retail Team (2011) Vice President - Equity Research Company Name Janney/FBR Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Team selected to WSJ’s “Best on the Street” list of top analysts (2009)Transitioned with senior analyst from FBR to Janney Capital Markets Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity Research Intern - Consumer Sector Company Name Telsey Advisory Group Dates Employed 2006 – 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics and Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 49 endorsements for Equity Research 49 Equity Research Endorsed by Gwen C. and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Simeon’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 33 endorsements for Equities 33 Equities Endorsed by Gabriela Bis, CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Simeon’s colleagues at Nomura Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 29 endorsements for Capital Markets 29 Capital Markets Endorsed by 2 of Simeon’s colleagues at Nomura Endorsed by 7 people who know Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Louis Giglio Research Chief Operating Officer at FBR June 27, 2010, Louis was senior to Simeon but didn’t manage directly Simeon's dedication and hard work always were apparent. He was an asset to the department and will be missed. Andrew Eisen Managing Director: Head of EDM Product Managment, Head of Financial Markets Cloud Strategy & Managed Services January 19, 2007, Andrew was senior to Simeon but didn’t manage directly Simeon was a pleasure to work with at TAG. He showed great initiative on several of the joint assignments we worked on, and was always willing to step up to the task. Since the first day on the job he demonstrated unusual commitment, drive and attention to detail. He will be very successful in whatever career he chooses, and has a lot to contribute to any organization, even in a junior role. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Simeon has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards "Rising Star of Wall Street" for Retailing/Specialty Stores "Rising Star of Wall Street" for Retailing/Specialty Stores Simeon has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests Columbia Alumni Association Network 55,902 members IvyLife Columbia 9,697 members Retail Industry Professionals Group 615,621 members Nomura 84,993 followers Global Investment Research 7,042 members Global Equity Research 14,441 members See all See all following
More Actions John has a account 3rd degree connection3rd John Larkin, CFA Managing Director, Research - Stifel at Stifel Financial Corp. Stifel Financial Corp. Harvard Business School Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Strategic Planning, Business Strategy, Financial Analysis, Transportation, Finance, Program Management, Negotiation, Investments, Analysis, Project Planning, Operations Management, Pricing, Business Planning, Logistics, Investment Banking, Executive Management, Venture Capital, Research, Strategy, Financial Modeling, Start-ups, Business Analysis, Competitive Analysis, Business Development, Entrepreneurship, Team Building, Project Management, Cross-functional Team Leadership, Mergers, Leadership, Private Equity, Corporate Finance, Valuation, Rail, Management, Mergers & Acquisitions, Management Consulting, Business Process Improvement, Contract Negotiation, Asset Management, Marketing, Forecasting, Due Diligence, Change Management, New Business Development, Process Improvement, Risk Management, Marketing Strategy See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow John’s Activity 4,325 followers J.B. Hunt Ranks #407 on Fortune 500 List John liked GlobalTranz Announces Acquisition of Worthington Logistics Solutions John liked Through participating and leading my trade association, I have experience testifying in Congress and meeting members of Congress, Senators and staffers. Spent two days on Capitol Hill this week. Today's shooting shook many to the core. I'm concerned that we are losing our civility and blurring lines that should never blur. Being a good American requires us to tolerate and and seek to learn from other peoples' opinions. You certainly don't need to agree. Violence and hatred are never appropriate. Members of Congress are so afraid to talk to the other party, it is crippling our nation. Far right and far left PAC-funded groups target you if you reach across the aisle and seek moderation and compromise. Far left and right protestors seek permits to demonstrate in front of Members' homes. Occasionally, crazies go to extremes. Madness. We can teach our children that there is news and news with opinion. The same goes for tweets and blogs. Opinions may lean left or right, or worse. Democrats, Republicans and Independents have to work together to solve issues the same way everybody else in the world does--by talking and finding common ground, and giving a little. Nobody gets everything he or she wants. Let's solve some problems. John liked Automation is killing jobs John liked See all activity Experience Managing Director, Research - Stifel Company Name Stifel Financial Corp. Dates Employed Oct 2001 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 9 mos Location Baltimore, Maryland Run the Transportation and Logistics Research Group Chairman and CEO Company Name RailWorks Corporation Dates Employed Feb 1998 – Aug 2001 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Baltimore, Maryland Area, United States Company sold railroad and rail transit products and services. Research Analyst Company Name Alex. Brown & Sons Dates Employed 1987 – 1998 Employment Duration 11 yrs Ran the Transportation and Logistics Research Group Assistant Vice President, Planning and Analysis Company Name CSX Transportation Dates Employed 1984 – 1987 Employment Duration 3 yrs Supervised the analysis of capital spending, the strategic planning process, and the business planning process. Education Harvard Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Business Strategy Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1984 The University of Texas at Austin Degree Name Master of Science in Engineering (M.S.E.) Field Of Study Transportation Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1978 Thesis Title: "Modeling Future Truck Weight Patterns as Influenced by Alternative Vehicle Weight Legislation" Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Ken Burk Chief Executive Officer | Engineering | Construction | Manufacturing | Transportation | American Bridge Holding Corporation| Arc Performance Group| April 20, 2016, John managed Ken directly Ken is a strong leader with a pleasant personality. He understands all aspects of the broader construction and manufacturing realm and was a valued teammate of mine. His communications skills are solid and his ablility to think strategically separates him from others in the construction/manufacturing space. I can, without reservation, give Ken high marks across the the board. Kevin X Jones VP Inbound Transportation at Dollar Tree/Family Dollar April 20, 2016, John worked with Kevin X but at different companies Kevin is a first rate logistics professional who continues to make major contributions towards the optimization of one of the world's largest and most complex supply chains. He is thoughtful, articulate, fair, and personable yet tough enough to extract excellent value from carriers and other service providers. I can, without reservation, give Kevin a strong recommendation as an excellent leader and a savvy manager within the broader logistics realm. Accomplishments John has 6 organizations 6 Expand organizations section Organizations Baltimore Security Analysts Society CRST International Chi Epsilon Comcar Industries Eno Transportation Foundation Tau Beta Pi John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst designation John has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award 7-time winner Interests Dinotrans 91 followers Transportation One LLC 1,327 followers Scott Logistics Corp. 738 followers Puerto Rico Ports Authority 212 followers Four Star Transportation 110 followers Landstar JRG Agency - Success Transportation, Inc. 86 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sherri has a account Sherri Malek Vice President, Equity Research Analyst at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bank of America Merrill Lynch Imperial College London London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs European Luxury Goods analyst, prior to which covered European Food Retail for 3 years. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Analyst in the European Automotive and Renewable Energy teams. Education Imperial College London Degree Name Masters of Chemical Engineering (MEng) Grade First Class Honours (1:1) Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 11 endorsements for Equity Research 11 Equity Research Endorsed by Andrew Byrne, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sherri’s colleagues at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 7 endorsements for Equities 7 Equities Endorsed by Andrew Byrne, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sherri’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Andrew Byrne, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sherri has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Additional Honors & Awards Interests Imperial College London 141,176 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Bank of America Merrill Lynch 95,973 followers Imperial College London 156,141 followers
More Actions MR has a account MR Sajid Equity Research Analyst/ Financial Analyst Landmark Arabia TASMAC Saudi Arabia 14 14 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent More than 10 years of experience in the field of Capital Markets. Highlights Experience Financial Analyst Company Name Landmark Arabia Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Al-Riyadh Governorate, Saudi Arabia Research and analyze macroeconomic factors to identify global investment opportunities for the firm’s tactical investment decision making process.Build quantitative models to monitor portfolio performance, and develop attribution analysis to explain portfolio’s out performance & under performance relative to benchmarks. Generate monthly and quarterly reports for global capital markets (equity, fixed income, and alternative investments), sector, industry performance, and macroeconomic fundamentals.Providing complete research support to equity analysts working in another sector/country of the organization, providing them the information about initiating factors, on-going coverage etc., and coordinating with them for preparing complete financial report of the organization.Preparing detailed financial models of company valuations and industrial case studies, along with preparing company details model for providing quality data assessment for research process involved in equity analysis. Equity Research Analyst Company Name AFA Investments Pvt Ltd Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Mangalore Area, India • Develop complex financial models for global investors and evaluate their portfolio.• DCF Valuation, NPV, IRR, ROI.• Trading clients Demat accounts on Indian markets. • Marketing of investment products. Equity Research Analyst/ Financial Analyst Company Name PAL GROUP OF COMPANIES Dates Employed Jun 2012 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Abu Dhabi • Creating new trading strategy and improving the existing ones to cope with the changing market scenario.• Develop financial models and assist in strategic initiatives and critical decisions.• Valuation analysis using DCF, ratio-based, comparables, building financial models.• Built financial valuation models and analyzed equity, derivatives, and debt investment opportunities• Knowledge of asset evaluation, market efficiency and the macroeconomic influences on asset returns, as well as economic factors affecting investment decisions and the securities markets• Built financial valuation models and analyzed equity, derivatives, and debt investment opportunities• DCF Valuation, NPV, IRR, ROI.• To analyze the market in a throughout manner, keeping in mind the social, economical and political factors that may influence the worth of a stock.• To make use of electronic spreadsheets and other fiscal modeling tools for generating reports in a logical manner.• To evaluate the involving financial risks in a transaction and making decision accordingly.• An equity trader always review the transactions made to ensure the accuracy of the market information.• Trading and executing orders on Interactive Brokers platform for proprietary desk.• Managing Equity & ETF Portfolio of the Company.• Trading intraday for Commodity Futures (Crude Oil & Natural Gas)• Trading for NYSE & NYMEX Exchanges.• Directly reporting to the Portfolio Manager.• Have knowledge Fundamental and Technical Analysis.• Have good knowledge of Bloomberg Terminal and Interactive Brokers Platform. Equity Research Analyst Company Name BIN ZAYED GROUP Dates Employed Aug 2007 – May 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Dubai • Trading and executing orders on Pershing platform for proprietary/ client trading desk.• Built financial valuation models and analyzed equity, derivatives.• Develop complex financial models for global investors and evaluate their portfolio.• Accomplishing selling / buying of securities as confirmed by the clients.• Performing equity research and monitoring news and market conditions, post-trade processing, and reviewing and analyzing transaction costs.• Maintained P&L statements using Excel spreadsheets for Equity, Options & Forex.• Carry out market trend to utilize short- term trading strategies to increase profitability.• Gathered and analyzed daily research and newsworthy events from major news and financial data sources. Prepared and delivered summary reports to portfolio manager.• Have knowledge Fundamental and Technical Analysis.• Have good knowledge of Bloomberg Terminal and Pershing Platform. Equity Research Associate Company Name IDAFA INVESTMENTS PVT LTD Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Feb 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Mumbai Area, India • Receiving and executing orders from the clients.• Providing market trends and information to clients. • Providing periodic feedbacks to clients about their assets status and assisting them with expertise advice.• Accomplishing selling / buying of securities as confirmed by the clients.• Controlled the depositary transactions and accounts opening.• Preparing P & L statements for clients.• Have knowledge of NEAT & BOLT Trading platform. Education TASMAC Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Mangalore University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 1 endorsement for Equities 1 Equities Sajid Baji has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office Microsoft Office No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Terminal No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments MR has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Urdu Interests Awad Capital 4,583 followers Al Rajhi International for Investment (RAII) 5,800 followers McGRIGOR group 229 followers Tawuniya 17,918 followers United Foods Company (PJSC) 4,544 followers KS Consulting 33 followers See all See all following
More Actions Xiao has a account Xiao Feng, CFA Equity Research Senior Associate at CLSA CLSA Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-Newark Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am interested in equity research and investment analysis Specialties: •Equity Research •Proficient in MS Office Suite, Excel VBA; Matlab; JAVA, C++ and EViews •Fluent in English, Mandarin and Cantonese Highlights Follow Follow Xiao’s Activity 864 followers Attention MQF Alumni, join us Tuesday, July 25 in NYC for our Summer Alumni Social. Contact Thomas Hill at thill@business.rutgers.edu for details! Xiao liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Senior Associate Company Name CLSA Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Metals, Mining, Coal, Steel and Railroads Equity Analyst Company Name Bloomberg Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Princeton NJ Asia Equity Fundamental Equity Research Analyst Company Name Dawson Herman Capital Management Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 7 mos • Covered energy sector by analyzing market data to assess and describe current and long term trends; attended company conference calls and follow up with company IRs and sell side analysts. • Conducted financial statement analysis using relevant historical information to create detailed operational and financial projections for gold mining companies, and financial valuation analysis on stocks within the sector. Quantitative Analyst Company Name Juno Mother Earth Asset Management Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 6 mos • Built back testing infrastructure to help portfolio manager develop global macro assets allocation and stock picking strategy. • Responsible for portfolio daily VAR calculation and correlation Analysis with HFR Global Hedge Fund index. • Analyzed portfolio daily P/L and exposure through historical simulation and scenario analysis and provided risk management report. Education Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-Newark Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Quantitative Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Member of Investment and Finance Club • GPA: 3.8• Member of Finance and Investment Club, Rutgers Business School• Emphasis on quantitative equity research and asset allocation strategy. South China University of Technology Degree Name B.A Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: • Vice President of the Students’ Union, S.C.U.T • GPA: 3.6 (Top 10% of class)• Vice President of the Students’ government; coordinated student outreach program. Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 21 endorsements for Equity Research 21 Equity Research Endorsed by 5 of Xiao’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 16 endorsements for Bloomberg 16 Bloomberg Endorsed by Sicong Song and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Xiao’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills VBA See 15 endorsements for VBA 15 VBA Srikanth Inaganti,CFA and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Phillips Johnston Senior E&P Analyst at Capital One Securities December 9, 2011, Phillips was senior to Xiao but didn’t manage directly In addition to working with other senior analysts during his internship at Dawson, Xiao helped me analyze both the energy and precious metals industries by performing detailed supply and demand analysis for both oil and gold. Alex Gorski Consultant October 11, 2012, Xiao reported directly to Alex Alex has board skill sets in both fundamental research and portfolio management. The time I spent on JME provided me the first lesson about money managing and equity research. Alex's critical and creative thinking set a great goal for me to work toward. Accomplishments Xiao has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests Franklin Templeton Investments 96,844 followers Third Avenue Management 4,493 followers South China University of Technology 37,803 followers Marathon Asset Management 7,100 followers Art of Speaking Toastmasters Club 47 members Raymond James 49,047 followers See all See all following
More Actions Philip has a account Philip Winslow, CFA Equity Research Analyst (Software) at Wells Fargo Securities Wells Fargo Securities The Wharton School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Philip Winslow is a Managing Director of Wells Fargo Securities, based in New York. Coordinating a team of five research professionals across the United States, Mr. Winslow serves as the head of the software team in the Research & Economics department. Mr. Winslow has consistently been ranked in the Top 10 in Intuitional Investor magazine's All-America Research Team since 2008 (including five years ranked runner-up or higher) and has also been recognized in Bloomberg Markets magazine's Top U.S. Analysts survey. He also ranks in the top decile of more than 4,000 analysts tracked by TipRanks across all sectors. Prior to joining Wells Fargo Securities, Mr. Winslow served as a Managing Director of Credit Suisse in the Investment Banking division, based in New York. Coordinating a team of nine research professionals across the United States and Europe, Mr. Winslow acted as the global head of the software team in the Equity Research department. He originally joined the Technology Group of Credit Suisse First Boston in June 2002 as an associate, covering the Internet infrastructure software sector. Mr. Winslow graduated from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania in May 2001. He is a CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst) charterholder. Specialties: Software See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Philip’s Activity 1,216 followers Here’s one from our Corporate Archives to wish all the hard working Dad’s a Happy Father’s Day. We appreciate all that you do! (Photo: The Central National Bank of Richmond, Virginia) Philip liked Tech Moves: Amperity preps for launch with new VP of marketing; Bungie CFO joins mixed reality startup; and more Philip liked Welcoming Tractable to the Ignition family. Philip liked David’s photo Philip liked See all activity Experience Managing Director Company Name Wells Fargo Securities Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location New York, New York Philip Winslow is a Managing Director of Wells Fargo Securities, based in New York. Coordinating a team of five research professionals across the United States, Mr. Winslow serves as the head of the software team in the Research & Economics department. Mr. Winslow has consistently been ranked in the Top 10 in Intuitional Investor magazine's All-America Research Team since 2008 (including five years ranked runner-up or higher) and has also been recognized in Bloomberg Markets magazine's Top U.S. Analysts survey. He also ranks in the top decile of more than 4,000 analysts tracked by TipRanks across all sectors. Managing Director -- Equity Research Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 14 yrs 5 mos Location New York, NY Philip Winslow is a Managing Director of Credit Suisse in the Investment Banking division, based in New York. Coordinating a team of eight research professionals across the United States and Europe, Mr. Winslow serves as the global head of the software team in the Equity Research department. Mr. Winslow has consistently been ranked in the Top 10 in Intuitional Investor magazine's All-America Research Team since 2008 (including five years ranked runner-up or higher) and has also been recognized in Bloomberg Markets magazine's Top U.S. Analysts survey.He originally joined the Technology Group of Credit Suisse First Boston in June 2002 as an associate, covering the Internet infrastructure software sector. Education The Wharton School Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Psi Upsilon (The Castle) Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 22 endorsements for Financial Modeling 22 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Kulbinder Garcha and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Philip’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 17 endorsements for Equity Research 17 Equity Research Endorsed by Brian Mansfield, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Philip’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 16 endorsements for Valuation 16 Valuation Endorsed by Todd M. Wickwire and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Philip’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Philip has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Interests Wells Fargo Securities 16,141 followers Wells Fargo 569,443 followers Josh JamesJosh James is a LinkedIn Influencer Domo; Founder/CEO Omniture Founder/CEO 104,894 followers Credit Suisse 453,190 followers Atlassian 86,144 followers Satya NadellaSatya Nadella is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Microsoft 1,402,988 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kate has a account Kate Jackson Hobbs Equity Research Analyst at MFS Investment Management MFS Investment Management Stanford University Graduate School of Business Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Experienced investment professional with a decade of investing experience and a track record of alpha generation. My current focus is on healthcare, while my 7 years of covering the energy sector supplements my 3 years of consumer investing experience. My functional investment expertise spans cyclical, capital intensive, and technology businesses. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Kate’s Activity 1,293 followers Last week I successfully defended my PhD in Nuclear Science and Engineering at MIT. My dissertation is titled "Nuclear Warhead Monitoring: A Study of Photon Emissions from Fission Neutron Interactions with High Explosives as a tool in Arms Control Verification." #MIT #WomeninSTEM #BlackinSTEM Kate liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location Boston, MA • Advise portfolio strategy and maintain investment recommendations on 180 U.S. small- and mid-cap equities in the healthcare and energy sectors across 7 long-only mutual funds with $12bn in assets, including growth, value, research, and sector funds. • Manage $30mm for MFS Core Equity, generating an average of 400 bps of superior performance vs. the Russell 3000 Index. • Conduct IPO due diligence and make participation recommendations on 30 IPOs annually. Index Equity Portfolio Manager Company Name BlackRock Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area • Managed $65bn across 19 commingled funds and separate accounts in US index equity.• Developed and executed trading strategies, quantitative techniques, and portfolio construction models to generate 15 bps of annual alpha while minimizing transaction costs and managing market impact. Research Associate Company Name Wellington Management Company Dates Employed Sep 2004 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Boston, MA • Analyzed consumer stocks, made investment recommendations for $5 billion small cap US equity portfolio. • Helped launch Global Perspectives portfolio, an all-cap global equity portfolio. Education Stanford University Graduate School of Business Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 • Appointed Arbuckle Leadership Fellow to teach and facilitate leadership course for 1st year MBA students.• Appointed Southern Africa Study Trip Leader to create and execute 10-day business immersion across 3 African countries for 26 students and faculty as part of MBA curriculum. • Served as Black Business Students Association Conference Co-Chair to create and execute annual conference for African-American students and alumni of Stanford GSB. Harvard University Degree Name A.B. Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Citation in French Volunteer Experience Board of Overseers Company Name Big Brothers Big Sisters of Massachusetts Bay Dates volunteered Oct 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 9 mos Cause Children Mentor Company Name SquashBusters Dates volunteered Jun 2013 – Jan 2016 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 8 mos Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 31 endorsements for Equities 31 Equities Endorsed by Reinier Dobbelmann, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kate’s colleagues at Wellington Management Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 17 endorsements for Financial Modeling 17 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Julia Collins, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 14 endorsements for Portfolio Management 14 Portfolio Management John Foley and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kate has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Interests Harvard University 607,420 followers MFS Investment Management 27,840 followers Leila JanahLeila Janah is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO of Samasource and Co-Founder and CEO of LXMI 468,128 followers Harvard University 492,931 followers Sarah TavelSarah Tavel is a LinkedIn Influencer General Partner at Benchmark 25,487 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members See all See all following
More Actions Sherri has a account Sherri Malek Vice President, Equity Research Analyst at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bank of America Merrill Lynch Imperial College London London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs European Luxury Goods analyst, prior to which covered European Food Retail for 3 years. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Analyst in the European Automotive and Renewable Energy teams. Education Imperial College London Degree Name Masters of Chemical Engineering (MEng) Grade First Class Honours (1:1) Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 11 endorsements for Equity Research 11 Equity Research Endorsed by Andrew Byrne, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sherri’s colleagues at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 7 endorsements for Equities 7 Equities Endorsed by Andrew Byrne, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sherri’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Andrew Byrne, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sherri has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Additional Honors & Awards Interests Imperial College London 156,141 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Imperial College London 141,176 followers Bank of America Merrill Lynch 95,973 followers
More Actions Simeon has a account Simeon Siegel, CFA Executive Director, Equity Research at Nomura Securities Nomura Securities Columbia University in the City of New York Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Sell-Side Apparel, Broadlines & Specialty Retail Senior Equity Analyst Specialties: Licenses: Series 3, 7, 55, 66, 86, 87 Highlights Experience Executive Director, Senior Equity Analyst, Apparel, Broadlines & Specialty Retail Company Name Nomura Securities Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Institutional Investor "Rising Star of Wall Street" for Retailing/Specialty Stores (2014)Institutional Investor "Rising Star of Wall Street" for Retailing/Specialty Stores (2013) Vice President - Equity Research Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs #1 Institutional Investor Ranked Specialty Retail Team (2012)#1 Institutional Investor Ranked Specialty Retail Team (2011) Vice President - Equity Research Company Name Janney/FBR Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Team selected to WSJ’s “Best on the Street” list of top analysts (2009)Transitioned with senior analyst from FBR to Janney Capital Markets Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity Research Intern - Consumer Sector Company Name Telsey Advisory Group Dates Employed 2006 – 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics and Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 49 endorsements for Equity Research 49 Equity Research Endorsed by Gwen C. and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Simeon’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 33 endorsements for Equities 33 Equities Endorsed by Gabriela Bis, CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Simeon’s colleagues at Nomura Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 29 endorsements for Capital Markets 29 Capital Markets Endorsed by Gabriela Bis, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Simeon’s colleagues at Nomura Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Louis Giglio Research Chief Operating Officer at FBR June 27, 2010, Louis was senior to Simeon but didn’t manage directly Simeon's dedication and hard work always were apparent. He was an asset to the department and will be missed. Andrew Eisen Managing Director: Head of EDM Product Managment, Head of Financial Markets Cloud Strategy & Managed Services January 19, 2007, Andrew was senior to Simeon but didn’t manage directly Simeon was a pleasure to work with at TAG. He showed great initiative on several of the joint assignments we worked on, and was always willing to step up to the task. Since the first day on the job he demonstrated unusual commitment, drive and attention to detail. He will be very successful in whatever career he chooses, and has a lot to contribute to any organization, even in a junior role. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Simeon has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards "Rising Star of Wall Street" for Retailing/Specialty Stores "Rising Star of Wall Street" for Retailing/Specialty Stores Simeon has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests Global Equity Research 14,441 members J.P. Morgan 833,560 followers Retail Industry Professionals Group 615,621 members CFA Institute Members 69,517 members Columbia University in the City of New York 257,523 followers Columbia University in the City of New York 286,871 followers See all See all following
More Actions MR has a account MR Sajid Equity Research Analyst/ Financial Analyst Landmark Arabia TASMAC Saudi Arabia 14 14 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent More than 10 years of experience in the field of Capital Markets. Highlights Experience Financial Analyst Company Name Landmark Arabia Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Al-Riyadh Governorate, Saudi Arabia Research and analyze macroeconomic factors to identify global investment opportunities for the firm’s tactical investment decision making process.Build quantitative models to monitor portfolio performance, and develop attribution analysis to explain portfolio’s out performance & under performance relative to benchmarks. Generate monthly and quarterly reports for global capital markets (equity, fixed income, and alternative investments), sector, industry performance, and macroeconomic fundamentals.Providing complete research support to equity analysts working in another sector/country of the organization, providing them the information about initiating factors, on-going coverage etc., and coordinating with them for preparing complete financial report of the organization.Preparing detailed financial models of company valuations and industrial case studies, along with preparing company details model for providing quality data assessment for research process involved in equity analysis. Equity Research Analyst Company Name AFA Investments Pvt Ltd Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Mangalore Area, India • Develop complex financial models for global investors and evaluate their portfolio.• DCF Valuation, NPV, IRR, ROI.• Trading clients Demat accounts on Indian markets. • Marketing of investment products. Equity Research Analyst/ Financial Analyst Company Name PAL GROUP OF COMPANIES Dates Employed Jun 2012 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Abu Dhabi • Creating new trading strategy and improving the existing ones to cope with the changing market scenario.• Develop financial models and assist in strategic initiatives and critical decisions.• Valuation analysis using DCF, ratio-based, comparables, building financial models.• Built financial valuation models and analyzed equity, derivatives, and debt investment opportunities• Knowledge of asset evaluation, market efficiency and the macroeconomic influences on asset returns, as well as economic factors affecting investment decisions and the securities markets• Built financial valuation models and analyzed equity, derivatives, and debt investment opportunities• DCF Valuation, NPV, IRR, ROI.• To analyze the market in a throughout manner, keeping in mind the social, economical and political factors that may influence the worth of a stock.• To make use of electronic spreadsheets and other fiscal modeling tools for generating reports in a logical manner.• To evaluate the involving financial risks in a transaction and making decision accordingly.• An equity trader always review the transactions made to ensure the accuracy of the market information.• Trading and executing orders on Interactive Brokers platform for proprietary desk.• Managing Equity & ETF Portfolio of the Company.• Trading intraday for Commodity Futures (Crude Oil & Natural Gas)• Trading for NYSE & NYMEX Exchanges.• Directly reporting to the Portfolio Manager.• Have knowledge Fundamental and Technical Analysis.• Have good knowledge of Bloomberg Terminal and Interactive Brokers Platform. Equity Research Analyst Company Name BIN ZAYED GROUP Dates Employed Aug 2007 – May 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Dubai • Trading and executing orders on Pershing platform for proprietary/ client trading desk.• Built financial valuation models and analyzed equity, derivatives.• Develop complex financial models for global investors and evaluate their portfolio.• Accomplishing selling / buying of securities as confirmed by the clients.• Performing equity research and monitoring news and market conditions, post-trade processing, and reviewing and analyzing transaction costs.• Maintained P&L statements using Excel spreadsheets for Equity, Options & Forex.• Carry out market trend to utilize short- term trading strategies to increase profitability.• Gathered and analyzed daily research and newsworthy events from major news and financial data sources. Prepared and delivered summary reports to portfolio manager.• Have knowledge Fundamental and Technical Analysis.• Have good knowledge of Bloomberg Terminal and Pershing Platform. Equity Research Associate Company Name IDAFA INVESTMENTS PVT LTD Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Feb 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Mumbai Area, India • Receiving and executing orders from the clients.• Providing market trends and information to clients. • Providing periodic feedbacks to clients about their assets status and assisting them with expertise advice.• Accomplishing selling / buying of securities as confirmed by the clients.• Controlled the depositary transactions and accounts opening.• Preparing P & L statements for clients.• Have knowledge of NEAT & BOLT Trading platform. Education TASMAC Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Mangalore University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 1 endorsement for Equities 1 Equities Sajid Baji has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office Microsoft Office No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Terminal No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments MR has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Urdu Interests HR Edge LLC 21 followers Saudi Talents 7,248 followers NAQEL Express 7,485 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,646 followers Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,238 followers Manafea Holding 3,775 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kate has a account Kate Jackson Hobbs Equity Research Analyst at MFS Investment Management MFS Investment Management Stanford University Graduate School of Business Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Experienced investment professional with a decade of investing experience and a track record of alpha generation. My current focus is on healthcare, while my 7 years of covering the energy sector supplements my 3 years of consumer investing experience. My functional investment expertise spans cyclical, capital intensive, and technology businesses. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Kate’s Activity 1,293 followers Last week I successfully defended my PhD in Nuclear Science and Engineering at MIT. My dissertation is titled "Nuclear Warhead Monitoring: A Study of Photon Emissions from Fission Neutron Interactions with High Explosives as a tool in Arms Control Verification." #MIT #WomeninSTEM #BlackinSTEM Kate liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location Boston, MA • Advise portfolio strategy and maintain investment recommendations on 180 U.S. small- and mid-cap equities in the healthcare and energy sectors across 7 long-only mutual funds with $12bn in assets, including growth, value, research, and sector funds. • Manage $30mm for MFS Core Equity, generating an average of 400 bps of superior performance vs. the Russell 3000 Index. • Conduct IPO due diligence and make participation recommendations on 30 IPOs annually. Index Equity Portfolio Manager Company Name BlackRock Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area • Managed $65bn across 19 commingled funds and separate accounts in US index equity.• Developed and executed trading strategies, quantitative techniques, and portfolio construction models to generate 15 bps of annual alpha while minimizing transaction costs and managing market impact. Research Associate Company Name Wellington Management Company Dates Employed Sep 2004 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Boston, MA • Analyzed consumer stocks, made investment recommendations for $5 billion small cap US equity portfolio. • Helped launch Global Perspectives portfolio, an all-cap global equity portfolio. Education Stanford University Graduate School of Business Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 • Appointed Arbuckle Leadership Fellow to teach and facilitate leadership course for 1st year MBA students.• Appointed Southern Africa Study Trip Leader to create and execute 10-day business immersion across 3 African countries for 26 students and faculty as part of MBA curriculum. • Served as Black Business Students Association Conference Co-Chair to create and execute annual conference for African-American students and alumni of Stanford GSB. Harvard University Degree Name A.B. Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Citation in French Volunteer Experience Board of Overseers Company Name Big Brothers Big Sisters of Massachusetts Bay Dates volunteered Oct 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 9 mos Cause Children Mentor Company Name SquashBusters Dates volunteered Jun 2013 – Jan 2016 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 8 mos Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 31 endorsements for Equities 31 Equities Endorsed by Reinier Dobbelmann, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kate’s colleagues at Wellington Management Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 17 endorsements for Financial Modeling 17 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Julia Collins, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 14 endorsements for Portfolio Management 14 Portfolio Management John Foley and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kate has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Interests Harvard University 492,931 followers Progress Investment Management Company 561 followers Joel PetersonJoel Peterson is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman, JetBlue Airways | Professor, Stanford GSB 301,131 followers Harvard University 607,421 followers Leila JanahLeila Janah is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO of Samasource and Co-Founder and CEO of LXMI 468,128 followers Stanford University Graduate School of Business 140,757 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sivan has a account Sivan Bruce Equity Research Analyst - US Medical Technology Bank of America Merrill Lynch Columbia University in the City of New York New York, New York 366 366 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst - US Medical Technology Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area Series 7, 63, 86, 87 certified Research Assistant Company Name Columbia Law School Dates Employed Oct 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Ira M. Millstein Center for Global Markets and Corporate Ownership - Manually classify key SEC fillings on executive compensation and corporate governance through online EDGAR repository to research data for the Economic Research team- Identify and ensure legitimacy of SEC fillings Equity Research Summer Analyst - US Biotechnology Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research - Biotechnology Special Projects Intern Company Name Seeds of Africa Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos - Work with outside accountants on monthly financial documentation - Assist Executive Director - Coordinate mailings and communications with donors, board members and staff Telefundraising Representative Company Name RuffaloCODY Dates Employed Sep 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Called Columbia alumni to update contact information in school wide database system- Provided institutional updates and encouraged alumni to give generously to the Annual Fund to support scholarships and financial aid (raising approximately $30K) See more positions Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Political Science & Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Treasurer of Columbia NAACP, Volunteer with Peer Health Exchange, Assistant Band Director for the Columbia University Gospel Choir National Cathedral School Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Peer Health Exchange Dates volunteered Aug 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 11 mos Cause Education Co-facilitate alcohol workshops of high school ninth graders every Friday with other peer mentors. Facilitator Company Name Operation Understanding DC Dates volunteered Jan 2011 – Jan 2012 Volunteer duration 1 yr 1 mo Cause Civil Rights and Social Action Led diversity workshops and gave speeches addressing these topics at synagogues, churches and schools after studying issues of discrimination and prejudice as it pertains to race, religion, and socioeconomic status with other African-American and Jewish students. Treasurer Company Name Columbia NAACP Dates volunteered Sep 2013 – May 2016 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 9 mos Cause Civil Rights and Social Action Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 15 endorsements for Research 15 Research Endorsed by Sofia Vegarra and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 9 endorsements for Strategy 9 Strategy Alexi Thomas and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media Marketing See 7 endorsements for Social Media Marketing 7 Social Media Marketing Leslie Ayuk-Takor and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sivan has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Series 63 Series 7 Series 86 Series 87 Interests Columbia University in the City of New York 257,523 followers Seeds of Africa 167 followers OIC International 863 followers Columbia Law School 28,463 followers NAACP 5,583 followers Columbia Law School 25,106 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nicole has a account Nicole DeBlase Director at Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank University of Maryland Baltimore County New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Lead Equity Research Analyst, US Machinery sector Executive Director Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jan 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location New York, NY Lead Equity Research Analyst, US Machinery sector Vice President Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location New York, NY Equity Research Analyst, Multi Industry/Electrical Equipment sector Vice President Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Equity Research Analyst, Multi-Industry/Electrical Equipment Associate Analyst Company Name PNC Advisors Dates Employed Jul 2006 – May 2007 Employment Duration 11 mos Equity Research Associate, Industrials, Consumer Staples & Technology Education University of Maryland Baltimore County Degree Name BS Field Of Study Financial Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Economics Honor Society, WMBC Student Radio Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 21 endorsements for Equity Research 21 Equity Research Endorsed by Nigel Coe and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Nicole’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 11 endorsements for Equities 11 Equities Endorsed by Igor Maryasis and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Nicole’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 6 endorsements for Valuation 6 Valuation Endorsed by Andrew Sutphin, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Maryland Baltimore County 62,660 followers Morgan Stanley Network 24,213 members Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members UMBC Alumni Network 7,853 members University of Maryland Baltimore County 59,529 followers Deutsche Bank 567,760 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account 3rd degree connection3rd John Larkin, CFA Managing Director, Research - Stifel at Stifel Financial Corp. Stifel Financial Corp. Harvard Business School Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Strategic Planning, Business Strategy, Financial Analysis, Transportation, Finance, Program Management, Negotiation, Investments, Analysis, Project Planning, Operations Management, Pricing, Business Planning, Logistics, Investment Banking, Executive Management, Venture Capital, Research, Strategy, Financial Modeling, Start-ups, Business Analysis, Competitive Analysis, Business Development, Entrepreneurship, Team Building, Project Management, Cross-functional Team Leadership, Mergers, Leadership, Private Equity, Corporate Finance, Valuation, Rail, Management, Mergers & Acquisitions, Management Consulting, Business Process Improvement, Contract Negotiation, Asset Management, Marketing, Forecasting, Due Diligence, Change Management, New Business Development, Process Improvement, Risk Management, Marketing Strategy See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow John’s Activity 4,325 followers J.B. Hunt Ranks #407 on Fortune 500 List John liked GlobalTranz Announces Acquisition of Worthington Logistics Solutions John liked Through participating and leading my trade association, I have experience testifying in Congress and meeting members of Congress, Senators and staffers. Spent two days on Capitol Hill this week. Today's shooting shook many to the core. I'm concerned that we are losing our civility and blurring lines that should never blur. Being a good American requires us to tolerate and and seek to learn from other peoples' opinions. You certainly don't need to agree. Violence and hatred are never appropriate. Members of Congress are so afraid to talk to the other party, it is crippling our nation. Far right and far left PAC-funded groups target you if you reach across the aisle and seek moderation and compromise. Far left and right protestors seek permits to demonstrate in front of Members' homes. Occasionally, crazies go to extremes. Madness. We can teach our children that there is news and news with opinion. The same goes for tweets and blogs. Opinions may lean left or right, or worse. Democrats, Republicans and Independents have to work together to solve issues the same way everybody else in the world does--by talking and finding common ground, and giving a little. Nobody gets everything he or she wants. Let's solve some problems. John liked Automation is killing jobs John liked See all activity Experience Managing Director, Research - Stifel Company Name Stifel Financial Corp. Dates Employed Oct 2001 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 9 mos Location Baltimore, Maryland Run the Transportation and Logistics Research Group Chairman and CEO Company Name RailWorks Corporation Dates Employed Feb 1998 – Aug 2001 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Baltimore, Maryland Area, United States Company sold railroad and rail transit products and services. Research Analyst Company Name Alex. Brown & Sons Dates Employed 1987 – 1998 Employment Duration 11 yrs Ran the Transportation and Logistics Research Group Assistant Vice President, Planning and Analysis Company Name CSX Transportation Dates Employed 1984 – 1987 Employment Duration 3 yrs Supervised the analysis of capital spending, the strategic planning process, and the business planning process. Education Harvard Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Business Strategy Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1984 The University of Texas at Austin Degree Name Master of Science in Engineering (M.S.E.) Field Of Study Transportation Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1978 Thesis Title: "Modeling Future Truck Weight Patterns as Influenced by Alternative Vehicle Weight Legislation" Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Ken Burk Chief Executive Officer | Engineering | Construction | Manufacturing | Transportation | American Bridge Holding Corporation| Arc Performance Group| April 20, 2016, John managed Ken directly Ken is a strong leader with a pleasant personality. He understands all aspects of the broader construction and manufacturing realm and was a valued teammate of mine. His communications skills are solid and his ablility to think strategically separates him from others in the construction/manufacturing space. I can, without reservation, give Ken high marks across the the board. Kevin X Jones VP Inbound Transportation at Dollar Tree/Family Dollar April 20, 2016, John worked with Kevin X but at different companies Kevin is a first rate logistics professional who continues to make major contributions towards the optimization of one of the world's largest and most complex supply chains. He is thoughtful, articulate, fair, and personable yet tough enough to extract excellent value from carriers and other service providers. I can, without reservation, give Kevin a strong recommendation as an excellent leader and a savvy manager within the broader logistics realm. Accomplishments John has 6 organizations 6 Expand organizations section Organizations Baltimore Security Analysts Society CRST International Chi Epsilon Comcar Industries Eno Transportation Foundation Tau Beta Pi John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst designation John has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award 7-time winner Interests GENCO, A FedEx Company 17,555 followers TransGroup Worldwide Logistics 3,670 followers Volkswagen of America, Inc 33,516 followers Stifel Financial Corp. 17,506 followers Piedmont Airlines 5,345 followers Mars Logistics 7,850 followers See all See all following
More Actions Spencer has a account Spencer Wang Vice President, Finance & Investor Relations at Netflix Netflix The Johns Hopkins University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President, Finance & Investor Relations Company Name Netflix Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Los Gatos, CA, Beverly Hills, CA, New York, NY Advisory Board Company Name Made in NY Media Center by IFP Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area The Advisory Board of the Made in NY Media Center by IFP is composed of leading venture capitalists, entrepreneurs, media executives, technologists, and artists, reflecting the Center’s cross-platform and cross-industry ethos. Led by Advisory Board Chairman Jon Miller, Advisory Board members provide insights and strategic vision to the Center. Managing Director/Head of U.S. Media & Internet Equity Research Company Name Credit Suisse First Boston Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Oversee and lead a team of equity research professionals focusing on the Internet and Media sectors. Communicate investment ideas to institutional investors.Company coverage includes Google, Amazon, Facebook, Walt Disney, Time Warner, News Corp., Comcast, eBay, Yahoo, Viacom, Groupon, and Discovery Communications.Present research analysis and findings to senior management of companies covered and industry executives at various public speaking engagements and conferences.Conduct due diligence on private companies. Media (1) This position has 1 media The Innovator s Dilemma The Innovator s Dilemma This media is a document Senior Managing Director Company Name Bear Stearns Dates Employed May 2006 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Senior Entertainment and Cable TV/DBS equity research analyst. Managing Director Company Name JPMorgan Dates Employed Mar 2002 – May 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Equity research analyst covering the entertainment, cable TV/DBS, and radio broadcasting sectors. Education The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study International Trade Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Competitive Analysis See 35 endorsements for Competitive Analysis 35 Competitive Analysis Endorsed by J. Skyler Fernandes and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Spencer’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 33 endorsements for Investments 33 Investments Endorsed by Delilah Rothenberg and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Spencer’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 29 endorsements for Equity Research 29 Equity Research Endorsed by Kulbinder Garcha and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Spencer’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Michael Kiernan Managing Director at Wolfe Research LLC August 10, 2008, Spencer worked with Michael in the same group Spencer is a top analysts on Wall Street. He has great contacts, does proprietary and meaningful work and is extremely thoughtful/respectful of clients' time. He is a team-player and a pleasure to work with. Clients and the salesforce love him because of his responsiveness and intellectual honesty. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Digital Media: Video Content Distribution Experts 23,051 members The Johns Hopkins University 137,876 followers Kristina SalenKristina Salen is a LinkedIn Influencer CFO, Etsy 310,247 followers Facebook 1,566,219 followers Netflix 449,910 followers The Johns Hopkins University 150,506 followers See all See all following
More Actions Philip has a account Philip Winslow, CFA Equity Research Analyst (Software) at Wells Fargo Securities Wells Fargo Securities The Wharton School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Philip Winslow is a Managing Director of Wells Fargo Securities, based in New York. Coordinating a team of five research professionals across the United States, Mr. Winslow serves as the head of the software team in the Research & Economics department. Mr. Winslow has consistently been ranked in the Top 10 in Intuitional Investor magazine's All-America Research Team since 2008 (including five years ranked runner-up or higher) and has also been recognized in Bloomberg Markets magazine's Top U.S. Analysts survey. He also ranks in the top decile of more than 4,000 analysts tracked by TipRanks across all sectors. Prior to joining Wells Fargo Securities, Mr. Winslow served as a Managing Director of Credit Suisse in the Investment Banking division, based in New York. Coordinating a team of nine research professionals across the United States and Europe, Mr. Winslow acted as the global head of the software team in the Equity Research department. He originally joined the Technology Group of Credit Suisse First Boston in June 2002 as an associate, covering the Internet infrastructure software sector. Mr. Winslow graduated from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania in May 2001. He is a CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst) charterholder. Specialties: Software See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Philip’s Activity 1,216 followers Here’s one from our Corporate Archives to wish all the hard working Dad’s a Happy Father’s Day. We appreciate all that you do! (Photo: The Central National Bank of Richmond, Virginia) Philip liked Tech Moves: Amperity preps for launch with new VP of marketing; Bungie CFO joins mixed reality startup; and more Philip liked Welcoming Tractable to the Ignition family. Philip liked David’s photo Philip liked See all activity Experience Managing Director Company Name Wells Fargo Securities Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location New York, New York Philip Winslow is a Managing Director of Wells Fargo Securities, based in New York. Coordinating a team of five research professionals across the United States, Mr. Winslow serves as the head of the software team in the Research & Economics department. Mr. Winslow has consistently been ranked in the Top 10 in Intuitional Investor magazine's All-America Research Team since 2008 (including five years ranked runner-up or higher) and has also been recognized in Bloomberg Markets magazine's Top U.S. Analysts survey. He also ranks in the top decile of more than 4,000 analysts tracked by TipRanks across all sectors. Managing Director -- Equity Research Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 14 yrs 5 mos Location New York, NY Philip Winslow is a Managing Director of Credit Suisse in the Investment Banking division, based in New York. Coordinating a team of eight research professionals across the United States and Europe, Mr. Winslow serves as the global head of the software team in the Equity Research department. Mr. Winslow has consistently been ranked in the Top 10 in Intuitional Investor magazine's All-America Research Team since 2008 (including five years ranked runner-up or higher) and has also been recognized in Bloomberg Markets magazine's Top U.S. Analysts survey.He originally joined the Technology Group of Credit Suisse First Boston in June 2002 as an associate, covering the Internet infrastructure software sector. Education The Wharton School Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Psi Upsilon (The Castle) Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 22 endorsements for Financial Modeling 22 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Kulbinder Garcha and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Philip’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 17 endorsements for Equity Research 17 Equity Research Endorsed by Brian Mansfield, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Philip’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 16 endorsements for Valuation 16 Valuation Endorsed by Todd M. Wickwire and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Philip’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Philip has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Interests Software + Services (SAAS) 15,065 members Wells Fargo 569,443 followers Datameer 21,501 followers The Wharton School 158,696 followers Mark V. HurdMark V. Hurd is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Oracle 433,677 followers Oracle Exadata Users 2,392 members See all See all following
More Actions Colin has a account Colin Sebastian Managing Director, Senior Equity Research Analyst - Internet and Interactive Entertainment (@colin_sebastian) Robert W. Baird & Co. UCLA Anderson School of Management San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Seasoned and award-winning equity research analyst, board member and thought leader with over 15 years of professional experience in Internet services, software development, and investment research. Top Ranked Analyst in Internet Software & Services per NASDAQ-Starmine; #1 Wall Street Analyst in Technology sector, as ranked by TipRanks/CNBC 2015 Survey (#2 Analyst overall out of 4,147 analysts http://blog.tipranks.com/2016/05/tipranks-ceo-uri-gruenbaum-appears-on-cnbcs-squawk-box-to-highlight-top-analysts/) Currently follow Internet, Digital Media and Interactive Entertainment at Robert W. Baird & Co in San Francisco. Specialties include: * Institutional equity research and investment management * Strong technology foundation and analytical approach for evaluating Internet companies and stock-picking * Emerging technology research focus * Rigorous fundamental and primary research * Corporate strategy and competitive positioning * Financial forecasting and valuation * Due diligence Industry expertise includes Internet, e-commerce, online advertising, digital media, cloud services, machine learning/artificial intelligence, interactive entertainment, video games. My team takes a technology-centric view of large cap, small cap and private Internet companies, and consistently produces thoughtful and differentiated research and investment recommendations. Frequently quoted in The Wall Street Journal, Financial Times, Investors Business Daily, New York Times, numerous online news sites; appearances on CNBC, Bloomberg, Fox, CNN, NPR. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Colin’s Articles 4,665 followers Revisiting Amazon's Opportunities in Transportation & Logistics Colin Sebastian on LinkedIn Publish dateApril 1, 2016 See 4 more articles Computers are learning...everyone in Silicon Valley is talking about it, Wall Street should take note Colin Sebastian on LinkedIn Publish dateMarch 11, 2016 Experience Managing Director, Senior Research Analyst, Internet and Interactive Entertainment Company Name Robert W. Baird & Co. Dates Employed May 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Senior Equity Research Analyst with 15 years Wall Street experience covering Internet (E-commerce, online advertising, online media) and Interactive Entertainment (video games). Coverage includes Amazon (AMZN), EBAY, Facebook (FB), Google (GOOG), Alibaba (BABA) Activision (ATVI), EA, etc. Published numerous visible, proprietary, and often-cited reports covering Emerging Technology themes, Machine Learning/AI, Online Marketplaces, Cloud Services, Social Media, Mobile Internet, among many others. Investor, Advisor Company Name Blink Inc Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Corte Madera, CA Board of Advisors Company Name Specialist Telemed Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Atlanta, GA Telemedicine startup currently in stealth mode Advisory Board Member Company Name MeWe Network Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Sgrouples.com is an all-in-one suite of services that combines many popular features on the Web in one easy-to-use place. From a single user-friendly dashboard, members can start their own private groups; manage their Facebook, Twitter and other social media accounts; and enjoy a free personal cloud to save and share photos, documents and important files. Member Board of Directors Company Name Dixie Terra Linda Little League Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Board Member, Coach, Parent in Dixie/Terra Linda little league. Serve as the Technology Advisor within the Board of Directors. See more positions Education UCLA Anderson School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Vanderbilt University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1989 Volunteer Experience Board Member, Coach Company Name Dixie Terra Linda Little League Dates volunteered Apr 2008 – Present Volunteer duration 9 yrs 3 mos Cause Children Actively volunteer in leadership roles for the local little league organization. Responsibilities include coaching, serving on the Board, and maintaining aspects of the league's website. Featured Skills & Endorsements E-commerce See 113 endorsements for E-commerce 99+ E-commerce Endorsed by Jon Nordmark and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Colin’s colleagues at Baird Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Media See 70 endorsements for Digital Media 70 Digital Media Endorsed by Tom Ham and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Colin’s colleagues at Baird Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 63 endorsements for Equity Research 63 Equity Research Endorsed by Isabelle Fymat and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Colin’s colleagues at Baird Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (3) Todd Brooks President at b.good Canada October 17, 2013, Todd was a client of Colin’s In my many years on the buy side, I have really enjoyed working with, and have profited from the analytical skills of Colin Sebastian. The in depth research that he has provided on many companies that I have invested in over my career has deepened my understanding of these companies and of the industries they belong to. Colin has been an instrumental research partner for me for two names specifically which we have had very successful investment returns in over the past two years. Additionally, Colin has an extremely well developed customer service mentality, making himself quickly accessible to clients when he is called upon. Overall a real pleasure to work with! Jeff Hemenway Vice President, Americas at Unity Technologies October 4, 2013, Jeff worked with Colin but at different companies Given Colin's expertise in the Gaming industry we've had numerous discussions on events and trends over several years. In my opinion, few possess his ability to formulate an understanding of today and likelihood of tomorrow the way he can. He has a talent for combining historical and current data with industry advancements and consumer trends that I have not seen in many others. I look forward to talking and working with Colin again soon and highly recommend him to anyone who wants to gain a thorough understanding of this and any industry he covers. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Peter Ausnit VP, Investor Relations at TiVo Corporation July 18, 2011, Colin worked with Peter but at different companies I am happy to recommend Peter based on my interactions with him at Electronic Arts. Peter was integral in the company developing and implementing an improved investor relations strategy, and along the way, I found Peter to be accessible, helpful and forthright. Geri Weinfeld Senior Director Investor Relations at Xperi Corporation (acquired DTS on 12/1/16) March 31, 2010, Colin worked with Geri but at different companies Geri is a pleasure to work with, and very helpful in discussing current industry trends and company issues. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Colin has 7 publications 7 Expand publications section Publications Amazon.com: Q4 Inventory Survey: Out of Stocks on the Rise Twitter: Taking Flight with #IPO Google Cloud: The Next AWS to Disrupt Enterprise I/T AWS and the Case of Evaporating Legacy IT Budgets EBAY: Proprietary Tracker Shows Some Softness Amazon Menu of Services Helping to Propel Flywheel Facebook: The Keyword Is Potential; Initiating Coverage Colin has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award #2-Ranked Wall Street Analyst Overall for 2015 (TipRanks/CNBC Performance Survey) Colin has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language German Interests Digital River 11,181 followers Internet Retailer Conference & Exhibition (IRCE) Networking 1,509 members Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,506,958 followers Search Engine Land 100,484 members LinkedIn 2,167,442 followers BIA/Kelsey 4,876 members See all See all following
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Hoskins, CFA Equity Research Analyst at River Road Asset Management River Road Asset Management Vanderbilt University - Owen Graduate School of Management Louisville, Kentucky 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity Research Analyst See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name River Road Asset Management Dates Employed 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Louisville, Kentucky Equity Research Associate, Entertainment and Casino Gaming Group Company Name BMO Capital Markets Dates Employed 2000 – 2012 Employment Duration 12 yrs Location Los Angeles, CA Equity Analyst, Media and Consumer Group Company Name The Seidler Companies Dates Employed 1999 – 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Los Angeles, CA Assistant Vice President, Equity Research, Special Situations Group Company Name SunTrust Equitable Securities Dates Employed 1997 – 1999 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Nashville, TN Associate Financial Analyst Company Name Brown-Forman Dates Employed 1993 – 1995 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Louisville, KY Brown-Forman International, Core and Advancing Markets Group Education Vanderbilt University - Owen Graduate School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Accounting/Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Vanderbilt University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study U.S. History Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Tom Brinkmann Pricing Manager at Daikin Applied January 23, 2013, Jeff worked with Tom in different groups Despite working from different offices (Tom in Boston, me in Los Angeles), we developed an excellent working relationship while at BMO. Tom's investment analysis knowledge and experience provided the basis for highly informative, useful, and enjoyable conversations. His insights often gave me a reason to view a company or industry from a different perspective, adding value to my work. Tom's ability to fully grasp and analyze a business goes well beyond what he covered at BMO, and his great passion for the work is evident. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Tom for any investment research position. Kara Anderson, CFA Senior Analyst at B. Riley & Co. August 3, 2012, Kara worked with Jeff in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Kara for the past six years. Kara has a tremendous work ethic, a vast knowledge of finance and industry research, and an uncanny ability to organize and execute multiple complex projects simultaneously. She is equally as adept working in a team setting as she is working independently. Kara's attention to detail is second-to-none, and she was an invaluable asset to the Entertainment & Casino Gaming research group. She is a wonderful colleague and a true professional. Accomplishments Jeff has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests GMO 5,497 followers Vanderbilt University 103,974 followers PIMCO 68,569 followers Vanderbilt Alumni Group 20,803 members CFA Institute Members 69,517 members TED Conferences 5,511,389 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew Rajnauth Strategic Financial Analysis at Scotiabank Canadian Banking Finance, Scotiabank McMaster University Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Manager, Strategic Financial Analysis Company Name Canadian Banking Finance, Scotiabank Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Equity Research Associate Company Name Global Banking and Markets, Scotiabank Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Coverage of the Canadian Banks, Lifecos and Brokers Associate, Global Capital Markets Rotational Program Company Name Global Banking and Markets, Scotiabank Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Toronto & New York Rotations through Equity Sales & Trading, Equity Derivatives, Equity Capital Markets, Fixed Income Sales & Trading, Credit Derivatives, Government Finance Co-op Associate, Global Equity Research Company Name Global Banking and Markets, Scotiabank Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Coverage of Transportation & Aerospace Co-op Associate, Global Equity Research Company Name Global Banking and Markets, Scotiabank Dates Employed May 2012 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Coverage of Transportation & Aerospace See more positions Education McMaster University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Fund Manager - Financial Sector, MAC Investment Club; Member DeGroote MBA Finance Association; MBA Association Junior-Senior Partner; Director of Academics, MBA Games 2013 BI Norwegian Business School Degree Name Master Exchange Program Field Of Study Strategic Business Valuation & Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 Ted Rogers School of Management, Ryerson University Degree Name B.Comm Field Of Study Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Capital Markets See 28 endorsements for Capital Markets 28 Capital Markets Endorsed by Jonathan Guilford, MFE, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Matthew’s colleagues at Scotiabank Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 19 endorsements for Investments 19 Investments Endorsed by 5 of Matthew’s colleagues at Scotiabank Endorsed by 6 people who know Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 17 endorsements for Equities 17 Equities Endorsed by 3 of Matthew’s colleagues at Scotiabank Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Steve Eng, CIWM, FCSI Investment Management Associate September 2, 2011, Matthew worked with Steve in the same group Matthew was a great guy to work with, he is a definitely a team player and a quick learner. He is very knowledgable with the markets. He has a bright future ahead of him in any role he decides to pursue. Karla Ng Associate, Investor Relations - FENGATE Real Asset Investments April 15, 2012, Matthew was senior to Karla but didn’t manage directly Karla is very reliable, knowledgable and eager to learn. She developed an excellent rapport with clients and took every effort to ensure their needs were met with each interaction.Was a pleasure working with her and would love the opportunity again in the future. Steve Eng, CIWM, FCSI Investment Management Associate September 3, 2011, Steve worked with Matthew in the same group Steve is one of those colleagues that you can absolutely count on. As an individual that works hard, is highly motivated and is dedicated to anything investment related, clients at the branch quickly took to Steve and asked for him specifically. I would love the opportunity to work with Steve again in the future. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Matthew has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Passed Level II CFA Interests CFA Program Candidates 215,077 members Ryerson University - Ted Rogers School of Management 6,050 members DeGroote MBA Finance Association 577 members MBA Games 2013 96 members CFA Institute 165,490 followers Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets 10,241 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brett has a account Brett Cottrell Equity Research Analyst at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs University of Melbourne Melbourne, Australia 441 441 connections Send InMail Equity Research Analyst specialising in Emerging Companies (previously Metals & Mining), providing investment advice to fund managers, hedge funds and superannuation funds. Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location Melbourne, Australia Base and Precious Metals Equity Analyst (Australian Resources Equities) Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Education University of Melbourne Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) Field Of Study Finance and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 15 endorsements for Equity Research 15 Equity Research Endorsed by Winston Chong, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Brett’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 12 endorsements for Equities 12 Equities Endorsed by Winston Chong, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Brett’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 10 endorsements for Financial Modeling 10 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Winston Chong, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Brett’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Melbourne 204,135 followers Old Camberwell Grammarians Football Club 51 members University of Melbourne Alumni 13,986 members University of Melbourne 226,945 followers Goldman Sachs 809,530 followers
More Actions Jairam has a account Jairam Nathan CFA Research Analyst- Capital Goods & Autos at Daiwa Daiwa Capital Markets CFA Charter holder 2005 Greater New York City Area 223 223 connections Send InMail Equity research analyst with diverse experience covering US and emerging market stocks across consumer durables, industrial and technology sectors. Well-versed in quantitative analysis with demonstrated application of econometric tools. Strong written and verbal communication skills. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director Company Name Daiwa Capital Markets Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location New York, New York Senior Analyst Company Name Sidoti & Company, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location New York, NY • Research of the semiconductor capital equipment industry with 13 companies under coverage• Gained a solid understanding of the technology cycle impacting front-end and back-end equipment spending• Organized non-deal road shows with management to meet with investors Senior Analyst, Emerging Markets Equity Research Company Name Kotak Institutional Equities Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Awarded the Top Overall Stock Picker Award for 2010 by Thomson Starmine Coverage of companies within the Indian automotive and components sector - Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors, Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, Hero Honda, Bajaj Auto, Ashok Leyland and Bharat ForgeReport on supply-demand dynamics of Indian auto market, discussing demand drivers and barriers to entryReport incorporating a detailed liquidity analysis and funding options available to Tata GroupGained a solid understanding of consumer and industrial sectors in emerging market economiesWorked on equity fund raising and IPOs for automotive and power equipment component manufacturers Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jun 2000 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs 9 mos Covered automotive industry globally including GM, Ford, Toyota, Honda, Daimler and 11 suppliersAdditional coverage of technology suppliers including Harman, Navteq, Garmin and rental companies Worked across the capital structure and looked at equity, debt, bank loans and CDSDesigned a proprietary 3-year Cost of Ownership framework for analyzing pricing power amongst automotive brandsAnalyzed capacity plans for automakers in the BRIC region to determine future market share directionDesigned a proprietary price elasticity model for the portable navigation device industry resulting in a successful Navteq call Analyst - High Yield Research Company Name KEA Capital Dates Employed Sep 1998 – Jun 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Researched high yield debt issues within the healthcare, automotive parts and metal industries Designed templates and established benchmarks to evaluate the financial viability and conducted coverage tests to assess the credit risk of securities Analyzed companies utilizing pro-forma financial statement models, peer group comparisons and common valuation techniquesContacted CFO's, industry analysts and company management to discuss financial performance, industry outlook and strategic initiatives See more positions Education CFA Charter holder 2005 The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 Chartered Accountant (Ranked 24th nationally) University of Rochester Degree Name Master of Business Administration Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 3 endorsements for Valuation 3 Valuation Patrick N. Miller and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 3 endorsements for Financial Modeling 3 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Puru Vashishtha, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 1 endorsement for Equity Research 1 Equity Research Andrea Martens has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jairam has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Barclays 469,007 followers Daiwa Capital Markets 766 followers University of Rochester 65,383 followers BB&T Capital Markets 6,483 followers Deutsche Bank 567,761 followers The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 225,461 followers See all See all following
More Actions Colin has a account Colin Sebastian Managing Director, Senior Equity Research Analyst - Internet and Interactive Entertainment (@colin_sebastian) Robert W. Baird & Co. UCLA Anderson School of Management San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Seasoned and award-winning equity research analyst, board member and thought leader with over 15 years of professional experience in Internet services, software development, and investment research. Top Ranked Analyst in Internet Software & Services per NASDAQ-Starmine; #1 Wall Street Analyst in Technology sector, as ranked by TipRanks/CNBC 2015 Survey (#2 Analyst overall out of 4,147 analysts http://blog.tipranks.com/2016/05/tipranks-ceo-uri-gruenbaum-appears-on-cnbcs-squawk-box-to-highlight-top-analysts/) Currently follow Internet, Digital Media and Interactive Entertainment at Robert W. Baird & Co in San Francisco. Specialties include: * Institutional equity research and investment management * Strong technology foundation and analytical approach for evaluating Internet companies and stock-picking * Emerging technology research focus * Rigorous fundamental and primary research * Corporate strategy and competitive positioning * Financial forecasting and valuation * Due diligence Industry expertise includes Internet, e-commerce, online advertising, digital media, cloud services, machine learning/artificial intelligence, interactive entertainment, video games. My team takes a technology-centric view of large cap, small cap and private Internet companies, and consistently produces thoughtful and differentiated research and investment recommendations. Frequently quoted in The Wall Street Journal, Financial Times, Investors Business Daily, New York Times, numerous online news sites; appearances on CNBC, Bloomberg, Fox, CNN, NPR. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Colin’s Articles 4,665 followers Revisiting Amazon's Opportunities in Transportation & Logistics Colin Sebastian on LinkedIn Publish dateApril 1, 2016 See 4 more articles Computers are learning...everyone in Silicon Valley is talking about it, Wall Street should take note Colin Sebastian on LinkedIn Publish dateMarch 11, 2016 Experience Managing Director, Senior Research Analyst, Internet and Interactive Entertainment Company Name Robert W. Baird & Co. Dates Employed May 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Senior Equity Research Analyst with 15 years Wall Street experience covering Internet (E-commerce, online advertising, online media) and Interactive Entertainment (video games). Coverage includes Amazon (AMZN), EBAY, Facebook (FB), Google (GOOG), Alibaba (BABA) Activision (ATVI), EA, etc. Published numerous visible, proprietary, and often-cited reports covering Emerging Technology themes, Machine Learning/AI, Online Marketplaces, Cloud Services, Social Media, Mobile Internet, among many others. Investor, Advisor Company Name Blink Inc Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Corte Madera, CA Board of Advisors Company Name Specialist Telemed Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Atlanta, GA Telemedicine startup currently in stealth mode Advisory Board Member Company Name MeWe Network Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Sgrouples.com is an all-in-one suite of services that combines many popular features on the Web in one easy-to-use place. From a single user-friendly dashboard, members can start their own private groups; manage their Facebook, Twitter and other social media accounts; and enjoy a free personal cloud to save and share photos, documents and important files. Member Board of Directors Company Name Dixie Terra Linda Little League Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Board Member, Coach, Parent in Dixie/Terra Linda little league. Serve as the Technology Advisor within the Board of Directors. See more positions Education UCLA Anderson School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Vanderbilt University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1989 Volunteer Experience Board Member, Coach Company Name Dixie Terra Linda Little League Dates volunteered Apr 2008 – Present Volunteer duration 9 yrs 3 mos Cause Children Actively volunteer in leadership roles for the local little league organization. Responsibilities include coaching, serving on the Board, and maintaining aspects of the league's website. Featured Skills & Endorsements E-commerce See 113 endorsements for E-commerce 99+ E-commerce Endorsed by Jon Nordmark and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Colin’s colleagues at Baird Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Media See 70 endorsements for Digital Media 70 Digital Media Endorsed by Tom Ham and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Colin’s colleagues at Baird Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 63 endorsements for Equity Research 63 Equity Research Endorsed by Isabelle Fymat and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Colin’s colleagues at Baird Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (3) Todd Brooks President at b.good Canada October 17, 2013, Todd was a client of Colin’s In my many years on the buy side, I have really enjoyed working with, and have profited from the analytical skills of Colin Sebastian. The in depth research that he has provided on many companies that I have invested in over my career has deepened my understanding of these companies and of the industries they belong to. Colin has been an instrumental research partner for me for two names specifically which we have had very successful investment returns in over the past two years. Additionally, Colin has an extremely well developed customer service mentality, making himself quickly accessible to clients when he is called upon. Overall a real pleasure to work with! Jeff Hemenway Vice President, Americas at Unity Technologies October 4, 2013, Jeff worked with Colin but at different companies Given Colin's expertise in the Gaming industry we've had numerous discussions on events and trends over several years. In my opinion, few possess his ability to formulate an understanding of today and likelihood of tomorrow the way he can. He has a talent for combining historical and current data with industry advancements and consumer trends that I have not seen in many others. I look forward to talking and working with Colin again soon and highly recommend him to anyone who wants to gain a thorough understanding of this and any industry he covers. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Peter Ausnit VP, Investor Relations at TiVo Corporation July 18, 2011, Colin worked with Peter but at different companies I am happy to recommend Peter based on my interactions with him at Electronic Arts. Peter was integral in the company developing and implementing an improved investor relations strategy, and along the way, I found Peter to be accessible, helpful and forthright. Geri Weinfeld Senior Director Investor Relations at Xperi Corporation (acquired DTS on 12/1/16) March 31, 2010, Colin worked with Geri but at different companies Geri is a pleasure to work with, and very helpful in discussing current industry trends and company issues. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Colin has 7 publications 7 Expand publications section Publications Amazon.com: Q4 Inventory Survey: Out of Stocks on the Rise Twitter: Taking Flight with #IPO Google Cloud: The Next AWS to Disrupt Enterprise I/T AWS and the Case of Evaporating Legacy IT Budgets EBAY: Proprietary Tracker Shows Some Softness Amazon Menu of Services Helping to Propel Flywheel Facebook: The Keyword Is Potential; Initiating Coverage Colin has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award #2-Ranked Wall Street Analyst Overall for 2015 (TipRanks/CNBC Performance Survey) Colin has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language German Interests Amazon Web Services (AWS) for Business 12,061 members Ecommerce and Online Marketing Experts 123,946 members Online Ad Professionals 132,446 members Amazon 2,278,675 followers Jeff JordanJeff Jordan is a LinkedIn Influencer General Partner at Andreessen Horowitz 96,580 followers Nexon America 10,591 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Hoskins, CFA Equity Research Analyst at River Road Asset Management River Road Asset Management Vanderbilt University - Owen Graduate School of Management Louisville, Kentucky 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity Research Analyst See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name River Road Asset Management Dates Employed 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Louisville, Kentucky Equity Research Associate, Entertainment and Casino Gaming Group Company Name BMO Capital Markets Dates Employed 2000 – 2012 Employment Duration 12 yrs Location Los Angeles, CA Equity Analyst, Media and Consumer Group Company Name The Seidler Companies Dates Employed 1999 – 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Los Angeles, CA Assistant Vice President, Equity Research, Special Situations Group Company Name SunTrust Equitable Securities Dates Employed 1997 – 1999 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Nashville, TN Associate Financial Analyst Company Name Brown-Forman Dates Employed 1993 – 1995 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Louisville, KY Brown-Forman International, Core and Advancing Markets Group Education Vanderbilt University - Owen Graduate School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Accounting/Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Vanderbilt University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study U.S. History Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Tom Brinkmann Pricing Manager at Daikin Applied January 23, 2013, Jeff worked with Tom in different groups Despite working from different offices (Tom in Boston, me in Los Angeles), we developed an excellent working relationship while at BMO. Tom's investment analysis knowledge and experience provided the basis for highly informative, useful, and enjoyable conversations. His insights often gave me a reason to view a company or industry from a different perspective, adding value to my work. Tom's ability to fully grasp and analyze a business goes well beyond what he covered at BMO, and his great passion for the work is evident. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Tom for any investment research position. Kara Anderson, CFA Senior Analyst at B. Riley & Co. August 3, 2012, Kara worked with Jeff in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Kara for the past six years. Kara has a tremendous work ethic, a vast knowledge of finance and industry research, and an uncanny ability to organize and execute multiple complex projects simultaneously. She is equally as adept working in a team setting as she is working independently. Kara's attention to detail is second-to-none, and she was an invaluable asset to the Entertainment & Casino Gaming research group. She is a wonderful colleague and a true professional. Accomplishments Jeff has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests GMO 5,497 followers Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. 24,764 followers PIMCO 68,570 followers Affiliated Managers Group 1,541 followers Brown-Forman 91,892 followers Vanderbilt Alumni Group 20,803 members See all See all following
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew Rajnauth Strategic Financial Analysis at Scotiabank Canadian Banking Finance, Scotiabank McMaster University Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Manager, Strategic Financial Analysis Company Name Canadian Banking Finance, Scotiabank Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Equity Research Associate Company Name Global Banking and Markets, Scotiabank Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Coverage of the Canadian Banks, Lifecos and Brokers Associate, Global Capital Markets Rotational Program Company Name Global Banking and Markets, Scotiabank Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Toronto & New York Rotations through Equity Sales & Trading, Equity Derivatives, Equity Capital Markets, Fixed Income Sales & Trading, Credit Derivatives, Government Finance Co-op Associate, Global Equity Research Company Name Global Banking and Markets, Scotiabank Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Coverage of Transportation & Aerospace Co-op Associate, Global Equity Research Company Name Global Banking and Markets, Scotiabank Dates Employed May 2012 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Coverage of Transportation & Aerospace See more positions Education McMaster University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Fund Manager - Financial Sector, MAC Investment Club; Member DeGroote MBA Finance Association; MBA Association Junior-Senior Partner; Director of Academics, MBA Games 2013 BI Norwegian Business School Degree Name Master Exchange Program Field Of Study Strategic Business Valuation & Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 Ted Rogers School of Management, Ryerson University Degree Name B.Comm Field Of Study Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Capital Markets See 28 endorsements for Capital Markets 28 Capital Markets Endorsed by Jonathan Guilford, MFE, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Matthew’s colleagues at Scotiabank Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 19 endorsements for Investments 19 Investments Endorsed by 5 of Matthew’s colleagues at Scotiabank Endorsed by 6 people who know Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 17 endorsements for Equities 17 Equities Endorsed by 3 of Matthew’s colleagues at Scotiabank Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Steve Eng, CIWM, FCSI Investment Management Associate September 2, 2011, Matthew worked with Steve in the same group Matthew was a great guy to work with, he is a definitely a team player and a quick learner. He is very knowledgable with the markets. He has a bright future ahead of him in any role he decides to pursue. Karla Ng Associate, Investor Relations - FENGATE Real Asset Investments April 15, 2012, Matthew was senior to Karla but didn’t manage directly Karla is very reliable, knowledgable and eager to learn. She developed an excellent rapport with clients and took every effort to ensure their needs were met with each interaction.Was a pleasure working with her and would love the opportunity again in the future. Steve Eng, CIWM, FCSI Investment Management Associate September 3, 2011, Steve worked with Matthew in the same group Steve is one of those colleagues that you can absolutely count on. As an individual that works hard, is highly motivated and is dedicated to anything investment related, clients at the branch quickly took to Steve and asked for him specifically. I would love the opportunity to work with Steve again in the future. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Matthew has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Passed Level II CFA Interests Scotiabank 221,961 followers MBA Games 2013 96 members Handelshøyskolen BI 104,776 followers Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets 10,241 followers CFA Institute 165,490 followers Scotiabank - Current and former employees 12,377 members See all See all following
More Actions Brett has a account Brett Cottrell Equity Research Analyst at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs University of Melbourne Melbourne, Australia 441 441 connections Send InMail Equity Research Analyst specialising in Emerging Companies (previously Metals & Mining), providing investment advice to fund managers, hedge funds and superannuation funds. Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location Melbourne, Australia Base and Precious Metals Equity Analyst (Australian Resources Equities) Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Education University of Melbourne Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) Field Of Study Finance and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 15 endorsements for Equity Research 15 Equity Research Endorsed by Winston Chong, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Brett’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 12 endorsements for Equities 12 Equities Endorsed by Winston Chong, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Brett’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 10 endorsements for Financial Modeling 10 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Winston Chong, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Brett’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Melbourne 226,945 followers Goldman Sachs 809,530 followers Old Camberwell Grammarians Football Club 51 members University of Melbourne Alumni 13,986 members University of Melbourne 204,135 followers
More Actions Jairam has a account Jairam Nathan CFA Research Analyst- Capital Goods & Autos at Daiwa Daiwa Capital Markets CFA Charter holder 2005 Greater New York City Area 223 223 connections Send InMail Equity research analyst with diverse experience covering US and emerging market stocks across consumer durables, industrial and technology sectors. Well-versed in quantitative analysis with demonstrated application of econometric tools. Strong written and verbal communication skills. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director Company Name Daiwa Capital Markets Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location New York, New York Senior Analyst Company Name Sidoti & Company, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location New York, NY • Research of the semiconductor capital equipment industry with 13 companies under coverage• Gained a solid understanding of the technology cycle impacting front-end and back-end equipment spending• Organized non-deal road shows with management to meet with investors Senior Analyst, Emerging Markets Equity Research Company Name Kotak Institutional Equities Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Awarded the Top Overall Stock Picker Award for 2010 by Thomson Starmine Coverage of companies within the Indian automotive and components sector - Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors, Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, Hero Honda, Bajaj Auto, Ashok Leyland and Bharat ForgeReport on supply-demand dynamics of Indian auto market, discussing demand drivers and barriers to entryReport incorporating a detailed liquidity analysis and funding options available to Tata GroupGained a solid understanding of consumer and industrial sectors in emerging market economiesWorked on equity fund raising and IPOs for automotive and power equipment component manufacturers Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jun 2000 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs 9 mos Covered automotive industry globally including GM, Ford, Toyota, Honda, Daimler and 11 suppliersAdditional coverage of technology suppliers including Harman, Navteq, Garmin and rental companies Worked across the capital structure and looked at equity, debt, bank loans and CDSDesigned a proprietary 3-year Cost of Ownership framework for analyzing pricing power amongst automotive brandsAnalyzed capacity plans for automakers in the BRIC region to determine future market share directionDesigned a proprietary price elasticity model for the portable navigation device industry resulting in a successful Navteq call Analyst - High Yield Research Company Name KEA Capital Dates Employed Sep 1998 – Jun 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Researched high yield debt issues within the healthcare, automotive parts and metal industries Designed templates and established benchmarks to evaluate the financial viability and conducted coverage tests to assess the credit risk of securities Analyzed companies utilizing pro-forma financial statement models, peer group comparisons and common valuation techniquesContacted CFO's, industry analysts and company management to discuss financial performance, industry outlook and strategic initiatives See more positions Education CFA Charter holder 2005 The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 Chartered Accountant (Ranked 24th nationally) University of Rochester Degree Name Master of Business Administration Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 3 endorsements for Valuation 3 Valuation Patrick N. Miller and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 3 endorsements for Financial Modeling 3 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Puru Vashishtha, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 1 endorsement for Equity Research 1 Equity Research Andrea Martens has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jairam has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests HGCI Ventures LLC 116 followers Deutsche Bank 567,761 followers Lord, Abbett & Co. LLC 10,286 followers CFA Institute Members 69,517 members American Century Investments 10,270 followers Barclays 469,007 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeffrey has a account Jeffrey Bernstein Equity Research Analyst at Barclays Capital Barclays Capital Greater New York City Area 0 0 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Barclays Capital Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Rich has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Rich Greenfield Media Futurist, Media & Tech Analyst at BTIG BTIG Brandeis University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Equity research analyst with a focus on the media and technology industries since 1995. Co-creator of the BTIG Research blog, which provides thought-provoking financial, market strategy, media, restructuring, telecom and technology research and commentary from analysts at BTIG. Coverage ranges from diversified media and entertainment conglomerates, movie studios, online video, cable and satellite distributors and advertising-based Internet media companies. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Rich’s Activity 5,985 followers #truth Rich shared this $SNAP 👻 Rich shared this Incredible group of follows to be included with -- thnx @JasonHirschhorn Rich shared this Has anyone else seen an iOS notification like this from @Snapchat "Stories from"? $SNAP https://t.co/j6Nc0MkZpM https://t.co/UDv9ocnnrN Rich shared this Honestly, for the next 2 1/2 months is there any reason to subscribe to linear TV? #goodluckbundle #goodluckTV Rich shared this Disney Acquisition Hopes Fading as Apple Ramps TV Production Talent #goodluckbundle $DIS Rich shared this See all activity Experience Managing Director, Media and Technology Analyst Company Name BTIG Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Location New York Equity Research Analyst Managing Director, Media Analyst Company Name Pali Capital Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location New York Equity Research Analyst Managing Director, Media Analyst Company Name Fulcrum Global Partners Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location New York Equity Research Analyst Vice President, Media Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 1995 – Feb 2003 Employment Duration 7 yrs 9 mos Location New York Equity Research Analyst Education Brandeis University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study History Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Digital Media See 37 endorsements for Digital Media 37 Digital Media Endorsed by Steve Rubel and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rich’s colleagues at Pali Capital Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 35 endorsements for Equity Research 35 Equity Research Endorsed by Brian Mansfield, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Rich’s colleagues at Pali Capital Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 31 endorsements for Equities 31 Equities Endorsed by Melanie Vangopoulos, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Rich’s colleagues at Pali Capital Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rich has 7 publications 7 Expand publications section Publications Sell Disney, Buy Viacom and Netflix How the Cable Industry Became a Monopoly Zynga reminds us to be careful what we wish for Future of Film: Studios Will Have to Take Their Cues From TV Networks Adding “Fast Lanes” Does Not Require Harming the Internet The Disequilibrium of Power CONTENT ANYWHERE: STERN, OPRAH, OLBERMANN, SHEEN, BECK AND THE FUTURE OF MEDIA DISRUPTION Interests Dan FrommerDan Frommer is a LinkedIn Influencer Editor in Chief at Recode 261,995 followers Ben HorowitzBen Horowitz is a LinkedIn Influencer Horowitz at Andreessen Horowitz 222,415 followers Rafat AliRafat Ali is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO & Founder, Skift 229,910 followers Kristina SalenKristina Salen is a LinkedIn Influencer CFO, Etsy 310,247 followers Anil DashAnil Dash is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO of Fog Creek Software 64,356 followers Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members See all See all following
More Actions Ashish has a account Ashish Desai CEO at Desai Capital Management Desai Capital Management Duke University - The Fuqua School of Business Atlanta, Georgia 354 354 connections Send InMail Dedicated equity research analyst that has contributed to outperforming funds. Also brings a unique mix of analytical skills having a M.S. in Economics, an MBA and CFA charterholder. Specialties: Equity research analysis, financial statement analysis, financial modeling, statistical modeling, See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CEO Company Name Desai Capital Management Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater Atlanta Area Managing and analyzing equity portfolios Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bretwood Capital Partners Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area • Generate and research ideas in all sectors for a fund investing in large-cap value equities and a long/short hedge fund• Highlighted Sectors: Consumer, Retail, Financial Services , Business Services, Technology, Energy• • Conduct financial statement analysis, create financial models and perform channel checks to value companies• Service institutional clients (endowments, pensions) and high net-worth individuals• Compile and analyze macroeconomic research to formulate economic forecast• Collaborate with portfolio manager to formulate portfolio strategy• Assist in training junior analysts in valuing equity securities Research Analyst Company Name Colony Capital Management Dates Employed May 2006 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area • Independently generated and researched all ideas for a $300 MM fund investing in large-cap and mid-cap equities that outperformed the S&P 500 for three consecutive years• Highlighted Sectors: Consumer, Retail, Financial Services, Industrials, Technology• Conducted all fundamental research including financial, statistical and economic modeling • Participated on the investment committee to make portfolio management decisions• Communicated with sell-side research analysts to gather more company-specific information Associate Company Name Adams Capital Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Apr 2006 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area • Created financial models (Discounted cash flow, comparable company analysis, comparable transaction analysis, capitalized cash flow) to value public and private equity companies in a variety of industries• Performed complete valuations, including completed reports for over thirty companies Business Development Manager Company Name Digital Broadband Resources Dates Employed Oct 2003 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater Atlanta Area • Created and maintained new business relationships to provide staffing resources to technology firms See more positions Education Duke University - The Fuqua School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Georgia Institute of Technology Degree Name MS Field Of Study Economics(Finance) Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 21 endorsements for Financial Modeling 21 Financial Modeling Alok Gupta and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 14 endorsements for Valuation 14 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Ashish’s colleagues at Desai Capital Management Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 9 endorsements for Equity Research 9 Equity Research Endorsed by 2 of Ashish’s colleagues at Desai Capital Management Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Suresh Subasinghe, MBA Enterprise Architect June 13, 2010, Suresh and Ashish were students together Ashish is a brilliant student. I think I speak for everyone, when I say that he has been a very helpful resource in our classes that is only second to the instructors. I appreciate his willingness to reach out to every student on and off class. Suresh Subasinghe, MBA Enterprise Architect June 15, 2010, Ashish and Suresh were students together Suresh is one of the bright lights of our class. Having worked with him in various capacities, I am very confident that he will be very successful in the consulting industry. He is a natural leader that will thrive in such an environment. Accomplishments Ashish has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Interests GVW Group 1,167 followers Duke University Alumni Network 39,779 members Georgia Institute of Technology 202,849 followers Kerrisdale Capital Management LLC 3,998 followers Callaway Capital Management, LLC 349 followers Global Equity Research 14,441 members See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Pitzer Managing Director at Credit Suisse Credit Suisse Harvard College New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Two key responsiblities: (1) Global Head of Technology Research at Credit Suisse interacting with approximately 30 Snr. Technology Analysts in the US, Europe, Japan, Asia and India to help define and analyze key technology trends and innovations in all six major Technology Sub-categories including Hardware, Software, Semiconductors, Telecom Equipment, IT Services and Internet. (2) US Semicondutor Analyst providing research reommendations on approximately 30 publically traded companies. Responsiblities include interacting with Public and Private management teams across technology, providing sector and company anlysis and interacting with Instituational Investors. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Mar 1999 – Present Employment Duration 18 yrs 4 mos Managing Director Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Mar 1999 – Present Employment Duration 18 yrs 4 mos Education Harvard College Degree Name BS Field Of Study Political Science/Latin American Studies Portsmouth Abbey Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 48 endorsements for Financial Modeling 48 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Philip Winslow, CFA and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of John’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 37 endorsements for Equities 37 Equities Endorsed by Al Jackson and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of John’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 35 endorsements for Valuation 35 Valuation Endorsed by Philip Winslow, CFA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of John’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Y T Boon Senior Equity Research Analyst at Neuberger Berman November 7, 2013, John was senior to Y T but didn’t manage directly I had the pleasure to work with YT for several years at Credit Suisse. YT was a significant asset to the Global Technology Research Group at Credit Suisse - Strong knowledge base in both technology trends and business implications specifically in the semiconductor and wireless/wireline infrastructure sectors in Asia and Globally. I would recommend YT as being extremely knowledge and equally important a strong team player who consistently placed the interest of the firm ahead of his own. He will clearly be successful in any endeavor. Accomplishments Interests Infineon Technologies 85,550 followers Becky QuickBecky Quick is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-anchor of CNBC's Squawk Box from 6-9amET 233,323 followers Altera 35,731 followers Micron Technology 82,017 followers NXP Semiconductors 31,448 members AMD 163,313 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeffrey has a account Jeffrey Cho, CFA Equity Research Analyst MFS Investment Management Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Boston Area Global Financials Sector LeaderFinancials coverage: Banks, Cards, P&C and Life Insurance Energy coverage: Integrated Oils, Refiners Adjunct Faculty Member Company Name Boston College Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Greater Boston Area Co-teach a 1st year MBA course on equity analysis - CIRM 1 Equity Research Associate Company Name UBS Dates Employed 2002 – 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Financials - Banks, Brokers, Asset Managers, Trust Banks, e-brokers Education Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Elected Student Council President, 2008Selected to be a Cayuga Fund Portfolio Manager, 2009Awarded the prestigious Albert Fried, Jr Fellowship, 2009 The University of Chicago Degree Name AB Field Of Study Economics Grade Graduated with Honors Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell 27,571 followers Northern Trust Wealth Management 17,621 followers Boston College 129,701 followers Cayuga MBA Fund, Johnson School 199 members The University of Chicago 117,305 followers Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management 17,408 followers See all See all following
More Actions Aaron has a account Aaron Schwartz, CFA Head of FinTech Research at PwC PwC New York, New York 169 169 connections Send InMail Financial tech and emerging tech research professional. Experienced sell-side equity research analyst with coverage of enterprise software, cybersecurity, big data, cloud, and FinTech. Aaron has authored multiple widely followed thematic publications and has been instrumental in developing the FinTech research practice at PwC. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Aaron’s Articles & Activity 210 followers Five potential FinTech surprises Aaron Schwartz, CFA on LinkedIn See 6 more articles @PwC #DeNovo says everybody has a bank branch in his pocket. Sadly, most incumbent banks still don’t realize it, and they are woefully ill-equipped to deal with this new reality. But there’s still time for big banks to evolve. Aaron shared this An interesting piece by my colleague Chris Martin on what everyone is missing in #InsurTech. Aaron shared this Lack of millennial enthusiasm for credit cards has created a large underserved market opportunity. Only 33% of Americans under 30 have a credit card. Card issuers have to find ways to bridge the gap, and fast. Read @PwC’s new FinTech Focus report for more: Aaron shared this See all activity Experience Head of FinTech Research and Analysis Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location New York, NY Media (1) This position has 1 media Real-time industry analysis | DeNovo | PwC Strategy& Real-time industry analysis | DeNovo | PwC Strategy& This media is a link SVP, Senior Equity Analyst Company Name Jefferies & Company Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed 2001 – 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs Vice President Company Name JPMorgan Dates Employed 1998 – 2008 Employment Duration 10 yrs Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 1 endorsement for Equities 1 Equities Anand Srinivasan has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Michael MoritzMichael Moritz is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner, Sequoia Capital 580,834 followers Reid HoffmanReid Hoffman is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur. Product Strategist. Investor. 1,435,764 followers Dockercon 9 members Jefferies 64,042 followers PwC 1,355,190 followers BLOCKCHAIN BUSINESS 12,641 members See all See all following
More Actions Liav has a account Liav Abraham Equity Research Analyst at Citi Citi Columbia University - Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst - Specialty Pharma Company Name Citi Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Institutional Investor "Rising Star of Wall Street", 2014 Equity Research Analyst Company Name Citi Dates Employed 2011 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location London, United Kingdom Member of #1 ranked EU pharmaceuticals equity research team. Equity Research Analyst - EU Pharmaceuticals Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Member of top-ranked EU pharmaceuticals research team Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 19 endorsements for Equity Research 19 Equity Research Endorsed by Joe Riccardo, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Liav’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 16 endorsements for Valuation 16 Valuation Endorsed by Megan M. Capay, CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Liav’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 12 endorsements for Financial Modeling 12 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Carl A. Burton, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Liav’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Dan Nadav VP Sales and Marketing at Qnergy July 30, 2005, Liav managed Dan directly I supervised Dan on various large valuations and strategic projects. Dan possesses impressive business acumen and a keen business sense. He has excellent interpersonal skills and is diligent in all his endeavors. It was a pleasure for me to oversee Dan's work throughout his employment at Ernst & Young, and he was definitely an asset to both my team as well as the organization as a whole. Accomplishments Liav has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Institutional Investor "Rising Star of Wall Street", Specialty Pharma Interests Columbia Business School 83,291 followers Citi 1,270,298 followers Columbia Business School 74,053 followers IvyLife Columbia 9,697 members Columbia Business School - MBA Class of 2009 775 members Citi Alumni 84,254 members See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Sarran Equity Research Analyst Westwood Holdings Group, Inc. University of Rochester Chicago, Illinois 498 498 connections Send InMail I am an experienced investor with a broad range of industry exposures, including expertise in the Financials, Industrials, and Consumer sectors. Highlights Experience Research Analyst Company Name Westwood Holdings Group, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area US Value Equity Research Analyst Company Name Mesirow Financial Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Chicago US Value Equity• Equity research analyst for Micro, Small, SMid and Mid Cap Value portfolios• Generalist with an emphasis on Financials, Industrials and Consumer -- Sector responsibility for Financials with an established expertise in Banks and Insurance-- Coverage responsibilities for subsectors of Industrials and Consumer Equity Research Analyst Company Name Evercore Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Chicago • Equity research analyst covering US life and multi-line insurance companies.-- Publishing analyst on five small and mid cap stocks, supporting analyst on 12 additional large cap stocks Equity Research Associate / Equity Research Analyst Company Name Macquarie Group Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Chicago • Equity research analyst covering US life and multi-line insurance companies.-- Publishing analyst on five small and mid cap stocks, supporting analyst on 15 additional mid and large cap stocks Associate / Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Chicago • Actuarial consultant on the Health & Welfare team• Project work included active and retiree healthcare liability valuation, employer healthcare strategy, commercial health plan pricing, and Medicaid managed care rate setting Education University of Rochester Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Major: Mathematics, Minors: Economics and Art History• Certificate for Mathematical Modeling in Political Science and Economics• Rush Rhees Scholarship for academic excellence• Director and President of the Hartnett Gallery, an on-campus professional art gallery• Teaching Assistant in Mathematics and Physics departments Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 14 endorsements for Equity Research 14 Equity Research Endorsed by Eugene Koysman, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at Evercore Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 12 endorsements for Financial Modeling 12 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Tracy Young, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at Evercore Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 10 endorsements for Equities 10 Equities Endorsed by Eugene Koysman, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at Evercore Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Paul has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Associate Series 7, 63, 86, 87 Interests Greenlight Capital 3,243 followers School of the Art Institute of Chicago 31,890 followers UBS 456,531 followers BCS Financial Corporation 669 followers ValueAct Capital 913 followers Harris Associates 3,775 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jason has a account Jason McGorman, CFA Equity Research Analyst, Health Care at Bloomberg LP | MBA Candidate at Duke University - The Fuqua School of Business Bloomberg LP Duke University - The Fuqua School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Equity Research Financial Modeling Medical Devices Highlights Follow Follow Jason’s Articles & Activity 886 followers Healthcare Research in Paris, London Jason McGorman, CFA on LinkedIn See 2 more articles Health Sector Management Around the World - Duke Cross Continent MBA Student Blog Jason liked Mickelson to miss US Open for daughter's graduation Jason liked The Misery of Money Managers Spelled Out In Two Charts Jason liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst, Medical Devices & Health Care Services Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Princeton Equity Research Analyst, Medical Devices Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos Location Princeton Build and maintain detailed financial models to quantify market opportunities for various medical devicesWrite analysis on industry trends and estimated future impacts of product launches and other catalystsAnalyze clinical data and product information to identify unique strengths and weaknesses differentiating companiesCreate a global database making Bloomberg a leading source for medical device research and data Identify and acquire a medical device research data set to provide market share and pricing data for clients Equity Research Associate, Medical Devices Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity Data Analyst, Medical Devices & Supplies Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Securities Examination Intern Company Name US Securities and Exchange Commission Dates Employed May 2007 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 4 mos Education Duke University - The Fuqua School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2018 Liberty University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Sigma Beta Delta, Int'l Honor Society in Business, Summa Cum Laude with Honors, Most Outstanding Graduate in Finance, Treasurer of LU chapter of Financial Management Association Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 20 endorsements for Equity Research 20 Equity Research Endorsed by 12 of Jason’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 19 endorsements for Financial Modeling 19 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 12 of Jason’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 18 endorsements for Bloomberg 18 Bloomberg Endorsed by Seth Pitkow, CPA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Jason’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Paola Silva Barajas Supply Chain Research at Bloomberg LP June 26, 2011, Jason managed Paola directly Paola did a fantastic job leading her team for a summer-long project which included detailed user analysis, potential additional terminal sales, and required programming resources which was presented to the entire Global Data Management team of Bloomberg. Her attention to detail and international expertise was also truly invaluable to our industry research product. I highly recommend Paola for her knowledge and work ethic. Accomplishments Jason has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Charterholder Interests Fidelity Investments 311,698 followers Liberty University 134,783 followers The Economist 4,116,335 followers CFA Institute Members 69,517 members BlackRock 335,668 followers T. Rowe Price 50,281 followers See all See all following
More Actions Aaron has a account Aaron Schwartz, CFA Head of FinTech Research at PwC PwC New York, New York 169 169 connections Send InMail Financial tech and emerging tech research professional. Experienced sell-side equity research analyst with coverage of enterprise software, cybersecurity, big data, cloud, and FinTech. Aaron has authored multiple widely followed thematic publications and has been instrumental in developing the FinTech research practice at PwC. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Aaron’s Articles & Activity 210 followers Five potential FinTech surprises Aaron Schwartz, CFA on LinkedIn See 6 more articles @PwC #DeNovo says everybody has a bank branch in his pocket. Sadly, most incumbent banks still don’t realize it, and they are woefully ill-equipped to deal with this new reality. But there’s still time for big banks to evolve. Aaron shared this An interesting piece by my colleague Chris Martin on what everyone is missing in #InsurTech. Aaron shared this Lack of millennial enthusiasm for credit cards has created a large underserved market opportunity. Only 33% of Americans under 30 have a credit card. Card issuers have to find ways to bridge the gap, and fast. Read @PwC’s new FinTech Focus report for more: Aaron shared this See all activity Experience Head of FinTech Research and Analysis Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location New York, NY Media (1) This position has 1 media Real-time industry analysis | DeNovo | PwC Strategy& Real-time industry analysis | DeNovo | PwC Strategy& This media is a link SVP, Senior Equity Analyst Company Name Jefferies & Company Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed 2001 – 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs Vice President Company Name JPMorgan Dates Employed 1998 – 2008 Employment Duration 10 yrs Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 1 endorsement for Equities 1 Equities Anand Srinivasan has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests TechCrunch 1,693,965 followers Michael MoritzMichael Moritz is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner, Sequoia Capital 580,834 followers PwC 1,355,191 followers Galactic Fog 76 followers WIRED 1,077,582 followers Reid HoffmanReid Hoffman is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur. Product Strategist. Investor. 1,435,764 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Sarran Equity Research Analyst Westwood Holdings Group, Inc. University of Rochester Chicago, Illinois 498 498 connections Send InMail I am an experienced investor with a broad range of industry exposures, including expertise in the Financials, Industrials, and Consumer sectors. Highlights Experience Research Analyst Company Name Westwood Holdings Group, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area US Value Equity Research Analyst Company Name Mesirow Financial Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Chicago US Value Equity• Equity research analyst for Micro, Small, SMid and Mid Cap Value portfolios• Generalist with an emphasis on Financials, Industrials and Consumer -- Sector responsibility for Financials with an established expertise in Banks and Insurance-- Coverage responsibilities for subsectors of Industrials and Consumer Equity Research Analyst Company Name Evercore Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Chicago • Equity research analyst covering US life and multi-line insurance companies.-- Publishing analyst on five small and mid cap stocks, supporting analyst on 12 additional large cap stocks Equity Research Associate / Equity Research Analyst Company Name Macquarie Group Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Chicago • Equity research analyst covering US life and multi-line insurance companies.-- Publishing analyst on five small and mid cap stocks, supporting analyst on 15 additional mid and large cap stocks Associate / Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Chicago • Actuarial consultant on the Health & Welfare team• Project work included active and retiree healthcare liability valuation, employer healthcare strategy, commercial health plan pricing, and Medicaid managed care rate setting Education University of Rochester Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Major: Mathematics, Minors: Economics and Art History• Certificate for Mathematical Modeling in Political Science and Economics• Rush Rhees Scholarship for academic excellence• Director and President of the Hartnett Gallery, an on-campus professional art gallery• Teaching Assistant in Mathematics and Physics departments Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 14 endorsements for Equity Research 14 Equity Research Endorsed by Eugene Koysman, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at Evercore Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 12 endorsements for Financial Modeling 12 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Tracy Young, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at Evercore Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 10 endorsements for Equities 10 Equities Endorsed by Eugene Koysman, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at Evercore Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Paul has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Associate Series 7, 63, 86, 87 Interests CNA Insurance 39,770 followers Harris Associates 3,775 followers Pershing Square Capital Management 5,829 followers Guggenheim Partners 25,215 followers Ray DalioRay Dalio is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & Chief Investment Officer at Bridgewater Associates, L.P. 280,837 followers ValueAct Capital 913 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kyle has a account Kyle O'Brien Equity Research Analyst at Keefe Bruyette & Woods Keefe Bruyette & Woods NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 56 56 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Keefe Bruyette & Woods Education NYU Stern School of Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 New York University Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests New York University 434,831 followers NYU Stern School of Business 100,903 followers KBW 3,363 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,949 followers New York University 465,700 followers
More Actions Mehdi has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Mehdi Menouar Equity Research - Large Cap Exploration & Production (E&P) Coverage at Barclays Barclays University of Tampa - John H. Sykes College of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity Research, Oil and Gas Team - Large Cap E&Ps - Barclays Certifications: FINRA Series 7, 63, 86, 87 Passed CFA Level 1 & 2 Specialties: Financial Analysis, Upstream Oil & Gas, Exploration & Development (E&P), Drilling & Oilfield Services, Commodities: Oil & Gas Software: Bloomberg, ThomsonOne, Woodmac, DrillingInfo, Rystadt - Cube, PLS See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research - North American Large Cap E&Ps Company Name Barclays Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Perform fundamental equity research by analyzing industry and company fundamentals for 22 Large Cap North American E&PsBuild and maintain financial models for coverage universe Write thoughtful/investable research as well as communicate investment ideas to sales/traders & external clients Meet with/host senior management for coverage as part of corporate access events or during industry events Equity Research Analyst - Energy: Drilling, Oilfield Services & Equipment Company Name Bloomberg Research Dates Employed Apr 2012 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Initiated coverage and managed the Bloomberg Industries Oil & Gas Services research platformPerformed fundamental analysis on Offshore/Onshore Drillers and Oilfield Services & Equipment companiesIdentified, evaluated and analyzed industry & company drivers and wrote thematic research on sector for Bloomberg clientsServed as Lead analyst for space, and as main point of contact for the energy sector for Bloomberg’s client base (Buy-Side, Sell Side and internal departments)Bloomberg Research Links: BI DRIL <GO> or BI SERV <GO> Equity Research Associate - Oil & Gas E&Ps (Exploration and Production) Company Name Bloomberg Research Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Worked with Senior Analyst to research & analyze North American Exploration & Production companies (Oil & Gas)Performed industry analysis on Hub Pricing Differentials, Inventories, Supply & Demand, LNG Projects, Breakeven analysis Compiled Shale play reports (i.e. Marcellus) by analyzing Prod. Decline curves, Leverage to acreage, Permits & Well completionsBloomberg Research Links: BI OILSN <GO> or BI NGASN <GO> Equity Fundamentals Analyst - Metals & Mining Company Name Bloomberg Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Finance and Accounting Intern Company Name WEDU Dates Employed May 2006 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 4 mos Education University of Tampa - John H. Sykes College of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Member of the MBA Association & the Student Organization for MBAs Graduate Assistanship Award Philadelphia University Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Varsity Tennis Skills Bloomberg Bloomberg Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis Financial Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mehdi has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English French Spanish Interests TIE New York (Tri-State) 1,497 members The Culinary Institute of America 44,847 followers The Food Craftsmen 10 followers The Exploration & Production Professionals Network 2,064 members ForkTrotter 7 followers Christopher M. SchroederChristopher M. Schroeder is a LinkedIn Influencer Internet/Media CEO; Venture Investor; Writer on Startups, Emerging Markets and the Middle East 485,825 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vishakha has a account Vishakha Yadav Equity Research Analyst at Barclays Investment Bank Barclays Investment Bank Luxembourg School of Finance Mumbai Area, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Barclays Investment Bank Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Equity Research - European General Retail, EMEA Equity Research Analyst Company Name Barclays Investment Bank Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Equity Research - Real Estate and Real Estate Investment Trust (REITs), Singapore Market Analyst Company Name Barclays Investment Bank Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Securitized Products Origination - Debt Capital Market, Investment Banking Division Intern - Corporate Finance Department Company Name ArcelorMittal Dates Employed May 2012 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Luxembourg Analyst Company Name Northern Trust Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Bangalore, India Mandatory Corporate Actions See more positions Education Luxembourg School of Finance Degree Name Master of Science in Banking and Finance St Joseph's College of Commerce, Bangalore, India Degree Name Masters in International Business Christ College, Bangalore, India Degree Name Bachelors in Commerce See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Finance See 21 endorsements for Corporate Finance 21 Corporate Finance Endorsed by 2 of Vishakha’s colleagues at Barclays Investment Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 15 endorsements for Finance 15 Finance Endorsed by 3 of Vishakha’s colleagues at ArcelorMittal Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 12 endorsements for Investment Banking 12 Investment Banking Endorsed by 3 of Vishakha’s colleagues at Northern Trust Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Indian Business Chamber of Luxembourg 1,018 members ArcelorMittal 210,631 followers Banking Careers 625,922 members Alumni Community of Luxembourg School of Finance 334 members Barclays Investment Bank 255,077 followers Global Equity Research 14,441 members
More Actions Liav has a account Liav Abraham Equity Research Analyst at Citi Citi Columbia University - Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst - Specialty Pharma Company Name Citi Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Institutional Investor "Rising Star of Wall Street", 2014 Equity Research Analyst Company Name Citi Dates Employed 2011 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location London, United Kingdom Member of #1 ranked EU pharmaceuticals equity research team. Equity Research Analyst - EU Pharmaceuticals Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Member of top-ranked EU pharmaceuticals research team Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 19 endorsements for Equity Research 19 Equity Research Endorsed by Joe Riccardo, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Liav’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 16 endorsements for Valuation 16 Valuation Endorsed by Megan M. Capay, CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Liav’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 12 endorsements for Financial Modeling 12 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Carl A. Burton, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Liav’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Dan Nadav VP Sales and Marketing at Qnergy July 30, 2005, Liav managed Dan directly I supervised Dan on various large valuations and strategic projects. Dan possesses impressive business acumen and a keen business sense. He has excellent interpersonal skills and is diligent in all his endeavors. It was a pleasure for me to oversee Dan's work throughout his employment at Ernst & Young, and he was definitely an asset to both my team as well as the organization as a whole. Accomplishments Liav has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Institutional Investor "Rising Star of Wall Street", Specialty Pharma Interests Citi Alumni 84,254 members Columbia Business School - MBA Class of 2009 775 members The Hebrew University 60,453 followers Columbia Business School 83,291 followers IvyLife Columbia 9,697 members The Hebrew University 64,034 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jason has a account Jason McGorman, CFA Equity Research Analyst, Health Care at Bloomberg LP | MBA Candidate at Duke University - The Fuqua School of Business Bloomberg LP Duke University - The Fuqua School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Equity Research Financial Modeling Medical Devices Highlights Follow Follow Jason’s Articles & Activity 886 followers Healthcare Research in Paris, London Jason McGorman, CFA on LinkedIn See 2 more articles Health Sector Management Around the World - Duke Cross Continent MBA Student Blog Jason liked Mickelson to miss US Open for daughter's graduation Jason liked The Misery of Money Managers Spelled Out In Two Charts Jason liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst, Medical Devices & Health Care Services Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Princeton Equity Research Analyst, Medical Devices Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos Location Princeton Build and maintain detailed financial models to quantify market opportunities for various medical devicesWrite analysis on industry trends and estimated future impacts of product launches and other catalystsAnalyze clinical data and product information to identify unique strengths and weaknesses differentiating companiesCreate a global database making Bloomberg a leading source for medical device research and data Identify and acquire a medical device research data set to provide market share and pricing data for clients Equity Research Associate, Medical Devices Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity Data Analyst, Medical Devices & Supplies Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Securities Examination Intern Company Name US Securities and Exchange Commission Dates Employed May 2007 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 4 mos Education Duke University - The Fuqua School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2018 Liberty University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Sigma Beta Delta, Int'l Honor Society in Business, Summa Cum Laude with Honors, Most Outstanding Graduate in Finance, Treasurer of LU chapter of Financial Management Association Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 20 endorsements for Equity Research 20 Equity Research Endorsed by 12 of Jason’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 19 endorsements for Financial Modeling 19 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 12 of Jason’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 18 endorsements for Bloomberg 18 Bloomberg Endorsed by Seth Pitkow, CPA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Jason’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Paola Silva Barajas Supply Chain Research at Bloomberg LP June 26, 2011, Jason managed Paola directly Paola did a fantastic job leading her team for a summer-long project which included detailed user analysis, potential additional terminal sales, and required programming resources which was presented to the entire Global Data Management team of Bloomberg. Her attention to detail and international expertise was also truly invaluable to our industry research product. I highly recommend Paola for her knowledge and work ethic. Accomplishments Jason has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Charterholder Interests Liberty University 125,973 followers Capital Group | American Funds 58,030 followers Medtronic 418,993 followers McKinsey & Company 1,398,368 followers CFA Institute Members 69,517 members Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,655 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dan has a account Dan Breen Portfolio Administrator/Jr. Equity Research Analyst at Calamos Investments Calamos Investments CFA Institute Greater Chicago Area 338 338 connections Send InMail Covering Consumer Staples and Consumer Discretionary companies. Specialties: Completed coursework in college including: Applied Equity Valuation, Corporate Finance, Dynamics of Negotiations, Futures and Options, Strategic Human Resource Management, Investment Management. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Institutional Portfolio Administrator/Jr. Research Analyst Company Name Calamos Investments Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Naperville, IL Research Consumer Staples and Consumer Discretionary companies. Scan the investment universe for equity, high yield and convertible bond opportunities. Administer Convertible/Equity strategies with assets of $4.5B. Financial Analyst Company Name Wells Fargo Capital Finance Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Analyzed trends in accounts receivables in order to find distressed customers or seasonalityProcessed daily collateral activity into an availability statusMonitored inventory flow to find problems converting raw materials into finished goodsReconciled collateral statements and loan balances for revolving lines of creditCalculated ineligible accounts receivable for clients in various lines of business General Manager Company Name 808 Restaurant and Nightclub Dates Employed Sep 2004 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Managed 30 employees including cooks, wait staff, bartenders, and security personnelNegotiated promotions and prices with beer distributors and liquor suppliersResponsible for investing retained earnings back into the businessUsed cost effective and efficient advertising medias to increase businessMaintained up to date books for performance evaluation Student Research Analyst Company Name University of Iowa Krause Fund Dates Employed Feb 2007 – May 2007 Employment Duration 4 mos Researched and analyzed two companies in the oil drilling industryConstructed a valuation model from historical financial data along with expected future earnings using both macroeconomic and industry specific trendsCalculated target prices for two companies using DCF valuation and P/E valuation Quality Control Technician Company Name Central Ink Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Jan 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Used different types of equipment to test quality of ink after productionCreated lab samples of ink to test additions to formulas Education CFA Institute Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 University of Iowa - Henry B. Tippie College of Business Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Management and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Worked full time during school. Featured Skills & Endorsements Portfolio Management See 11 endorsements for Portfolio Management 11 Portfolio Management Endorsed by John Mussery, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 8 endorsements for Valuation 8 Valuation RYAN HENNESSY and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 8 endorsements for Equities 8 Equities Michael LaFido and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Ron Berger Midwest Regional Field Exam Manager at Wells Fargo March 24, 2009, Ron was senior to Dan but didn’t manage directly Ron gave me extra instruction on how to analyze clients with more complicated perpetual inventories. This helped me understand my work alot more when I started at Wachovia. Accomplishments Interests University of Iowa Tippie College of Business 20,809 followers University of Iowa Tippie College of Business 19,621 followers CFA Program Candidates 215,077 members CFA Institute Members 69,517 members University of Iowa Alumni Networking 27,130 members Calamos Investments 5,858 followers
More Actions Betty has a account Betty Jiang Energy Equity Research Analyst at UBS UBS Securities Co., Ltd Cornell University New York, New York 426 426 connections Send InMail Equity research analyst with experience covering E&Ps and Integrated Oils. Highlights Experience Equity Research - Mid/Small-Cap E&Ps - Lead Analyst Company Name UBS Securities Co., Ltd Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location New York, NY - Lead coverage of 17 Mid/Small-Cap US E&Ps, with focus on Permian and Williston Basin operators- Publish proprietary research on the covered companies and industry trends Energy Research Anaylst Company Name Illumine Capital Group Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Energy analyst on long/short equity team with primary responsibility for the coverage of US E&Ps and oil macro analysis Equity Research – Mid/Small-Cap E&Ps – Lead Analyst, Director Company Name UBS Securities Co., Ltd Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location New York, NY • Named to the list of "Rising Stars of Wall Street" in 2014 by Institutional Investor magazine • Team ranked #2 for E&Ps in 2013-2014 Institutional Investor surveys• Lead coverage of Small/MidCap E&Ps• As part of the initiation, published an in-depth comparative operational and economicanalysis of Williston and Permian Basins• Conduct investment banking IPO vetting Equity Research – E&Ps/Integrated Oils – Associate Director Company Name UBS Securities Co., Ltd Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location New York, NY • Team ranked #3 in 2010-2012 and #2 in 2009 for E&Ps; RU for IntegratedOils in 2009 Institutional Investor surveys• Senior associate with primary responsibility for both subsectors• Authored initiation of coverage for RRC including Marcellus deep dive Equity Research – Global Integrated Oils/ E&Ps – FA Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location New York, NY • Associate with primary responsibility for both sectors• Primary authorship of the weekly commentary on DOE oil & gas inventory data releases• Authored an initiation of coverage note and created a model for Bill Barnett Corp• Created a comprehensive global deepwater production outlook Education Cornell University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Grade 3.3 Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Forest Hills High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 8 endorsements for Equity Research 8 Equity Research Endorsed by Elvira Scotto, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modeling 6 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Andrea Himmel, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 4 endorsements for Valuation 4 Valuation Endorsed by Andrea Himmel and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cornell University 266,196 followers Cornell University 295,531 followers UBS Securities Co., Ltd 2,852 followers
More Actions Trevor has a account Trevor Young, CFA Consumer Equity Research Analyst Currently seeking new opportunity Gettysburg College Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Former professional athlete and CFA Charterholder with hedge fund and sell-side equity research experience. Industry coverage experience includes consumer, automotive, and business services. Actively seeking new equity research role. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Currently seeking new opportunity Dates Employed 2017 – Present Employment Duration less than a year Vice President, Consumer Equity Research Analyst Company Name Jefferies Dates Employed 2013 – 2017 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Lead analyst on Consumer and Leisure companies: Powersports, Toys and Beauty/Personal Care. Research frequently quoted by Barron's, CNBC and the Wall Street Journal.Previous coverage includes Autos & Auto Parts, Business Services. Media (3) This position has 3 media Polaris Hopes New Focus Will Rev Up Motorcycle Sales Polaris Hopes New Focus Will Rev Up Motorcycle Sales This media is a link Avon: Still Attractive After Selloff, Says Jefferies Avon: Still Attractive After Selloff, Says Jefferies This media is a link Hasbro's strong sales prove that reports of industry-wide weakness are 'overblown' Hasbro's strong sales prove that reports of industry-wide weakness are 'overblown' This media is a link Director Company Name Ardsley Capital Dates Employed 2011 – 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Analyst/Portfolio Company Operations Manager Company Name Capstone Trade Partners Dates Employed 2008 – 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs Financial Analyst Company Name The Lighthouse Group Dates Employed 2007 – 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr See more positions Education Gettysburg College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Cum LaudeHonors in Management Skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis Financial Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Trevor has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Financial Analyst ® Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design Accredited Professional (LEED AP) Microsoft Certified Application Specialist in Excel Interests Renaissance Technologies LLC 6,726 followers Honeycomb Asset Management LP 102 followers J. Goldman & Co., L.P. 4,512 followers Pershing Square Capital Management 5,829 followers Viking Global Investors 4,249 followers Gettysburg College 20,334 followers See all See all following
More Actions Leah has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Leah Fuhlbrugge, CFA Associate Director, Marketing and Client Service at Impax Asset Management Impax Asset Management Columbia University in the City of New York Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Leah’s Activity 725 followers Impax’s perspective on President’s Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement Leah liked This is how Big Oil will die – Seth Miller – Medium Leah liked Grateful to be a part of such an esteemed academic community and recognized as an alumni volunteer leader. I'd like to thank my Dean Jason Wingard and the Columbia School of Professional Studies faculty for your continuous support and the opportunities provided. Leah liked Rob’s photo Leah liked See all activity Experience Associate Director, Marketing and Client Service Company Name Impax Asset Management Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Portfolio Analyst - Multi Asset Solutions Company Name Russell Investments Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior Client Service Analyst, Americas Institutional Company Name Russell Investments Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 12 mos Location New York, NY Client Service Analyst, Americas Institutional Company Name Russell Investments Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location New York, NY Equity Research Analyst/Index Analyst Company Name Renaissance Capital Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Sustainability Management Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Net Impact, Columbia Divest for Climate Justice Coursework:Global Environmental MarketsEconomics of Sustainability ManagementFinancing Natural InfrastructureESG & Responsible Investing PracticesSustainable Operations (value chain analysis) The Earth's Climate SystemPracticum of Innovative Sustainability LeadershipScience of Urban EcologySustainability Management Harvard Extension School Field Of Study Sustainability Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Coursework:Global Climate Change: The Science, Social Impact and Diplomacy of a World Environmental CrisisEnergy and Carbon in the New Economy Sacred Heart University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Mathematics & Finance Grade 3.8 Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Classroom Learning Assistant (CLA) for Calculus-based Physics I & II (PY 252 & 152). Tutor for Mathematics & Economics. Habitat for Humanity. Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Covenant House Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Jan 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Mock interview sessions; charity events Volunteer Company Name High Water Women Foundation/ Investing for Impact Symposium Dates volunteered Jan 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 6 mos Cause Economic Empowerment Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 25 endorsements for Equities 25 Equities Endorsed by Julian Sanguedolce, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Leah’s colleagues at Russell Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 17 endorsements for Investments 17 Investments Endorsed by Mike Ruff, CFA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Leah’s colleagues at Russell Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Allocation See 16 endorsements for Asset Allocation 16 Asset Allocation Endorsed by Mike Ruff, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Leah’s colleagues at Russell Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (3) Melanie Hase GIBC Digital November 15, 2012, Leah worked with Melanie in the same group Leah’s friendly personality and team spirit, coupled with her remarkable problem-solving skills, attention to detail and substantial knowledge of the global equity markets, made her an invaluable asset to the index design and development team at Renaissance Capital. Leah was able to handle various responsibilities simultaneously without losing focus, and she met every deadline with ease. I greatly enjoyed working with Leah, and I commend her work ethic and strong dedication. Nicole M. Serrette Head of Americas Partnership at FTSE Americas May 24, 2011, Nicole M. worked with Leah but at different companies I have had the opportunity to work with Leah for the last 3 years on the successful launch and ongoing Partnership of the FTSE Renaissance IPO Index Series. Leah is a consummate professional with a rare blend of knowledge, experience and strong analytical skills. She is an excellent resource, both professionally and technically and has always brought a strong sense of development process to any project we have worked on together. She’s a person that exudes a definitive “Can Do” attitude and always cognizant of the core goals of all our joint endeavors. I highly recommend both her work and professionalism. Melanie Hase GIBC Digital January 14, 2014, Leah reported directly to Melanie Melanie was my direct supervisor at Renaissance Capital, LLC for three years. She created a work environment that was pleasant while extremely constructive and efficient. Her heritage as an equity research analyst and extensive knowledge of the capital markets was crucial to the design, development and construction of the Renaissance Global IPO Index Series and the products launched on the indices thereafter. Melanie’s enthusiasm for her work kept our team on the cutting edge, as she was always looking to improve and streamline processes and was not interested in shortcuts. Her attention to detail is without comparison. Aside from her strong quantitative skill set and resilient work ethic, she is also exceptionally talented at managing and mentoring people-- a quality that is rare in the financial industry. She never left a question unanswered and we tackled every project as a team. Any employer would be lucky to have Melanie. Andrew Le Petit Team Lead Index Data, Data Services UK at Schroders January 10, 2013, Leah worked with Andrew but at different companies I had the pleasure of working with Andrew on a joint relationship between Renaissance Capital and FTSE. His operational expertise were crucial in the completion of the FTSE Renaissance Global IPO Index Series. In all of our interaction, Andrew exhibited a high level of professionalism and responsiveness. His deep knowledge of the financial markets and strong analytical skills helped us jointly craft a product set that not only captured the essence of the asset class, but also was practical from an operational standpoint. His positive attitude and interpersonal skills will not disappoint, and he will surely be a valuable addition to any employer. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Leah has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Series 63 Series 7 Leah has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Net Impact NYC WNYC Interests Trucost 2,325 followers Sustainability Professionals 185,546 members Investment Management professionals 35,482 members Sacred Heart Pioneer Connection 920 members Impax Asset Management 1,818 followers Sustainable Insight Capital Management 389 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Espiritu Capital Markets & Div. Financials Equity Research at Credit Suisse Credit Suisse The Johns Hopkins University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a motivated, hard working, and resourceful individual pursuing a career in macroeconomic and financial analysis. I graduated Cum Laude from Bates College in 2013 with a degree in Economics, and am a member of Phi Beta Kappa academic honour society. I am also an internationally competitive snowboard racer, and have attained success competing at World Cup and World Championship events. This includes winning the 2012 U.S. Collegiate National Snowboarding Championship in Sunday River, Maine. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area M&A Brokers, Financial Intelligence, Market Structure & Trust Banks Consultant Company Name The World Bank Dates Employed May 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Macro Modelling and Statistics Group Research Analyst Company Name International Monetary Fund Dates Employed Jun 2013 – May 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Research Analyst in the Expenditure Policy Division of the Fiscal Affairs Department at the IMF• Analyzed policy reforms by building dynamic models to support economists and country teams• Constructed and maintained databases in Excel, Stata, and EViews to perform econometric analysis for contributions to 15 country reports and 14 publications (varying from books, policy papers, technical notes, externally published journal articles, and IMF Flagship publications)• Published independent research on the role of investment and infrastructure on business potential• Created “Pension Reform Modeling Engine” to forecast macrofiscal effects of reform scenarios for 188 countries• Developed experience and expertise in public expenditure topics, including pension spending and reform, inequality and distributional analysis, investment and capital spending, and public-private-partnerships• Participated in Financial Statement Modelling (Wall Street Prep) and Macroeconomic Modelling and Forecasting (in EViews) training programs Residence Coordinator Company Name Bates College Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos • Created educational and social programs to foster integration of students in campus involvement• Provided a resource for residents and served as a liaison between students and staff, faculty, and the Dean of Students’ office• Facilitated mediation and conflicts within the residence Teaching Assistant Company Name Bates College Economics Department Dates Employed Jan 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos • Tutored and assisted individuals or small groups to reinforce learning concepts presented by the professor of Intermediate Macroeconomic Theory• Graded weekly problem sets, logged and analyzed results, and returned to class in accordance with established deadlines See more positions Education The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Applied Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 MS in Applied Economics, with concentrations in Quantitative Methods and Finance.Selected Coursework: Financial Economics, Derivatives, Financial Econometrics, Time Series Econometrics, Panel Data Econometrics, Investments and Financial Management Bates College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa, Bates College Knit Wits, Residence Life Staff, Competitive Club Ski Team, Bates College Track & Field • Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa, Dean's List - 8 consecutive semesters• Fall Semester Abroad - Nantes, France, 2011; Intensive study of Language, History, and Identity• 2012 USCSA Collegiate Snowboarding National Champion - Giant Slalom• Member of Track and Field team (Javelin); contributed to 2013 State Championship and 2nd place conference championship finish• Co-President of Knitting Club St. George's School Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Snowboard Team Captain, Rugby Team, Swim Team 2 time provincial snowboarding champion (2008, 2009) Featured Skills & Endorsements Economics See 12 endorsements for Economics 12 Economics Endorsed by 3 of Ryan’s colleagues at Bates College Click and drag to reorder skills Stata See 10 endorsements for Stata 10 Stata Endorsed by Elliott West and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 8 endorsements for Statistics 8 Statistics Megan Gallagher and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ryan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Ryan has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Unlocking Business Potential: Infrastructure Needs for Corporations around the World Fiscal Policy and Income Inequality Ryan has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Phi Beta Kappa Interests Kerrisdale Capital Management LLC 3,998 followers Morgan Stanley 590,744 followers The Financial Economics Association 38,144 members Boston Bates Business Network 1,855 members Citadel LLC 43,094 followers CIBC 139,444 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tim has a account Tim Nollen Senior Media Analyst at Macquarie Bank Macquarie Bank Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity research - US and European Media. Coverage of TV/entertainment, advertising and publishing tocks. Specialties: financial modeling, corporate relations, client service, writing Highlights Experience Senior Analyst Company Name Macquarie Bank Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Location New York, NY Senior analyst - US and European media Vice President Company Name JPMorgan Dates Employed 2008 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Equity research analyst - European Media (publishing & advertising) Managing Director Company Name Bear Stearns International Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs European equity research - publishing & advertising Associate Director Company Name Bear Stearns & Co. Dates Employed 2001 – 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs US equity research analyst - publishing & advertising Education Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Georgetown University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Woodrow Wilson high school Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 25 endorsements for Equity Research 25 Equity Research Endorsed by Mark Schoenebaum, MD and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Tim’s colleagues at Macquarie Group Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 23 endorsements for Financial Modeling 23 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Mark Schoenebaum, MD and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Tim’s colleagues at Macquarie Group Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 19 endorsements for Equities 19 Equities Endorsed by David Chermont and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Tim’s colleagues at Macquarie Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) Daniel Carter Investment Director at Saudi Aramco Energy Ventures April 15, 2009, Daniel worked with Tim but at different companies Tim cuts to the chase and does not waste a minute to update his clients on developments and their implications in his coverage universe. This is a breath of fresh air in the City of London, where all too often price targets and analysis arrives late, untidy and after the fact. And, he's a very sociable person to have an after work drink with too! Arnaud de Lepinay Co-Head France & BeNeLux - Global Cash Equity at J.P. Morgan March 26, 2009, Tim worked with Arnaud in the same group Tim is hard worker, efficient and businees focused analyst. He is able to quickly adapt to its clients and audience to make the best of their time. He knows his subjects from top to bottom and is always available to provide clarity. A great analyst. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Nick Stone Partner at Child & Child October 23, 2011, Tim was a client of Nick’s Nick was on the front foot all the time, thorough, and dedicated in our property sale. I highly recommend him. Michael Kiernan Managing Director at Wolfe Research LLC April 14, 2009, Michael was senior to Tim but didn’t manage directly Mike was an excellent product manager at Bear Stearns equity research. I always found him extremely helpful, going out of his way to provide thoughtful insight to my research work and strategy in promoting it. He is extraordinarily well connected, and has a thorough understanding of both investment and management concepts on both the buy-side and the sell-side. A valuable manager. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Tim has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Czech Interests Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business 20,845 followers Georgetown University 153,936 followers Georgetown University 140,187 followers Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business 20,209 followers Bear Stearns Network 6,386 members Georgetown University City Alliance 336 members See all See all following
More Actions Catalin has a account Catalin Diaconu, CFA Equity Research Analyst at Raiffeisen Bank Romania Bucharest, Romania 280 280 connections Send InMail I am currently working in the Research department at Raiffeisen Bank as an equity analyst. Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Raiffeisen Bank Romania Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Bukarest, Rumänien - To compile research reports for listed companies on the Bucharest Stock Exchange, including investment recommendations, first impressions after quarterly results etc.;- To contribute to daily reports sent to investors, which include the most recent news impacting listed companies;- Contributions to sector reports and annual reports regarding the evolution of the local equity market;- Constant interaction with clients after issuing research reports or whenever deemed necessary;- Other tasks related to investment banking activities. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Raiffeisen Capital & Investment Dates Employed Jul 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Bukarest, Rumänien - To compile research reports for listed companies on the Bucharest Stock Exchange, including investment recommendations, first impressions after quarterly results etc.;- To contribute to daily reports sent to investors, which include the most recent news impacting listed companies;- Contributions to sector reports and annual reports regarding the evolution of the local equity market;- Constant interaction with clients after issuing research reports or whenever deemed necessary;- Other tasks related to investment banking activities. Financial Controller Company Name Raiffeisen Bank Romania Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Bukarest, Rumänien - Compile the operating expenses annual budget;- Compile the capital expenses annual budget;- Analyze the deviations of actual figures compared to planning;- Cost-benefit analyses;- Cost management activities. Financial Analyst Company Name ICAP Romania Dates Employed May 2008 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Bukarest, Rumänien Compile credit risk analysis reports based on publicly available information. Financial Analyst Company Name Alphacredit Financial Services srl Dates Employed Nov 2007 – May 2008 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Bukarest, Rumänien Compile credit risk analysis reports based on publicly available information. See more positions Education Academia de Studii Economice din București Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Financial Analysis and Valuation Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 In depth study of financial statement analysis and asset valuation. Graduated with a dissertation work on scoring methodologies, applied on a complete financial statement analysis for a romanian public company. The program was developed together with ANEVAR (Romanian Chartered Valuation Professionals Association). Academia de Studii Economice din București Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Academia de Studii Economice din București Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Public Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 7 endorsements for Valuation 7 Valuation Endorsed by 6 of Catalin’s colleagues at Raiffeisen Bank Romania Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 5 endorsements for Corporate Finance 5 Corporate Finance Endorsed by 3 of Catalin’s colleagues at Raiffeisen Bank Romania Click and drag to reorder skills Forecasting See 4 endorsements for Forecasting 4 Forecasting Endorsed by 4 of Catalin’s colleagues at Raiffeisen Bank Romania Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Catalin has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Academia de Studii Economice din București 74,279 followers CFA Society Romania 2,581 members Credit Risk Group 97,795 members Professionals - Director Finance/ CEO/ MD/ ED/ CFO/ VP/ DF/ CF/ FM/ MF/ MA/- CMA, CA, CIMA, MBA 56,626 members Raiffeisen Bank Romania 9,683 followers CFA Institute 165,491 followers See all See all following
More Actions Milan has a account Milan Shah Equity Research Analyst at Scandium Research, MORSE Student at University of Warwick Scandium Research University of Warwick London, United Kingdom 93 93 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Scandium Research Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos • Research specific small-cap equities.• Assist in writing market wrap-up publications. Junior Equity Analyst Company Name Warwick Investment Fund Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos • Analysed the equity market, looking for potential trade opportunities.• Pitched trade ideas for our virtual portfolio at weekly meetings which were backed by fundamental and technical analysis. Trading Simulation Workshop Company Name Nomura Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 mo Location Coventry, United Kingdom • Built an algorithm to price the product we were trading (the sum of 4 random playing cards).• Created an order book and MTM P&L report. Banking Uncovered Insight Programme Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 mos Location London, United Kingdom • Gained an insight into the various divisions of an investment bank.• Work shadowed members of the compliance team, learning of their role and how they work with the FCA.• Learnt about the use of technology in an investment bank through an interactive presentation by the Director of Global Markets Technology. Lifeguard Company Name Greenhouse Charity - Developing young people through sport Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location London, United Kingdom • Ensured the constant safety of swimmers through vigilance. • Helped with the organisation of special events such as seasonal parties and swimming galas.• Provided emergency medical aid to swimmers during incidents and injuries.• Maintained a clean and safe environment for everyone through the correct placing of equipment. See more positions Education University of Warwick Degree Name BSc Mathematics, Operational Research, Statistics and Economics (MORSE) Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2018 Activities and Societies: Warwick Finance Societies, Warwick MORSE Society, Warwick Economics Society. • Hindu Society - Events Coordinator.• Member of Warwick University Rifle Club Woodhouse College Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 • Tutor representative - Transferred ideas between students and staff management.• Member of the College Working Party - Discussed ideas on improving the college.• Top member at Investment Club - Used virtual money to invest in stocks and create a portfolio.• Collaborated with the College Council in ideas for fundraising. Park High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Table Tennis Club. • Deputy Head Prefect - Led and directed Senior Prefects and Prefects in maintaining the school.• Young Leader Representative - Attended an entrepreneur workshop held at the Indigo O2 Arena.• Selected as a Young, Gifted and Talented (YG&T) student.• Appointed as a Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) Leader.• Participated in BBC School Report where exceptional English students experienced the role of news reporters. Volunteer Experience Scout Leader Company Name The Scout Association Dates volunteered Mar 2002 – Present Volunteer duration 15 yrs 4 mos • Currently a Scout Leader. • Assist in annual fundraising and the daily running and leadership of troop meetings. • Help with organising and running of camping trips. Arctic Trek Company Name Breast Cancer Now Dates volunteered May 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 2 mos Cause Health • Will be travelling to the Arctic Circle in April 2017 to complete a trek involving snowshoeing and dog sledding.• Currently in the process of raising over £2500 to help support the work of Breast Cancer Now. Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word Microsoft Word No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Milan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Gujarati Milan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Open Water Diver Milan has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course National Pool Lifeguard Qualification Milan has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score Bloomberg Aptitude Test (BAT) Interests Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,942,361 followers University of Warwick 114,029 followers Daniel GolemanDaniel Goleman is a LinkedIn Influencer What Makes a Leader? Emotional and Social Intelligence 3,956,284 followers EY 1,746,949 followers Bloomberg 1,264,353 followers Harvard Business Review 4,252,307 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Richter Equity Research Analyst Exane Research Institute for Capital Markets (ISK) Paris Area, France 294 294 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research - Midcaps Germany Company Name Exane Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Equity Research Analyst Company Name Berenberg Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos General MidCap Corporate & Investmentbanking Trainee Company Name Berenberg Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Rotations: Structured Finance, DCM, Equity Research, Fixed Income Research, M&A, ECM Equity Research Intern Company Name BHF Bank Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Corporate Finance Intern Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos See more positions Education Research Institute for Capital Markets (ISK) Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Portfolio Management Program CFA Institute Passed Level III Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests ModelOff 4,403 followers WU (Wirtschaftsuniversität Wien) 45,169 followers Mango Capital, Inc. 10 followers WU (Vienna University of Economics and Business) 47,270 followers Ray DalioRay Dalio is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & Chief Investment Officer at Bridgewater Associates, L.P. 280,837 followers Global Equity Research 14,441 members See all See all following
More Actions Betty has a account Betty Jiang Energy Equity Research Analyst at UBS UBS Securities Co., Ltd Cornell University New York, New York 426 426 connections Send InMail Equity research analyst with experience covering E&Ps and Integrated Oils. Highlights Experience Equity Research - Mid/Small-Cap E&Ps - Lead Analyst Company Name UBS Securities Co., Ltd Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location New York, NY - Lead coverage of 17 Mid/Small-Cap US E&Ps, with focus on Permian and Williston Basin operators- Publish proprietary research on the covered companies and industry trends Energy Research Anaylst Company Name Illumine Capital Group Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Energy analyst on long/short equity team with primary responsibility for the coverage of US E&Ps and oil macro analysis Equity Research – Mid/Small-Cap E&Ps – Lead Analyst, Director Company Name UBS Securities Co., Ltd Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location New York, NY • Named to the list of "Rising Stars of Wall Street" in 2014 by Institutional Investor magazine • Team ranked #2 for E&Ps in 2013-2014 Institutional Investor surveys• Lead coverage of Small/MidCap E&Ps• As part of the initiation, published an in-depth comparative operational and economicanalysis of Williston and Permian Basins• Conduct investment banking IPO vetting Equity Research – E&Ps/Integrated Oils – Associate Director Company Name UBS Securities Co., Ltd Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location New York, NY • Team ranked #3 in 2010-2012 and #2 in 2009 for E&Ps; RU for IntegratedOils in 2009 Institutional Investor surveys• Senior associate with primary responsibility for both subsectors• Authored initiation of coverage for RRC including Marcellus deep dive Equity Research – Global Integrated Oils/ E&Ps – FA Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location New York, NY • Associate with primary responsibility for both sectors• Primary authorship of the weekly commentary on DOE oil & gas inventory data releases• Authored an initiation of coverage note and created a model for Bill Barnett Corp• Created a comprehensive global deepwater production outlook Education Cornell University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Grade 3.3 Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Forest Hills High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 8 endorsements for Equity Research 8 Equity Research Endorsed by Elvira Scotto, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modeling 6 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Andrea Himmel, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 4 endorsements for Valuation 4 Valuation Endorsed by Andrea Himmel and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests UBS Securities Co., Ltd 2,852 followers Cornell University 295,531 followers Cornell University 266,196 followers
More Actions Tim has a account Tim Nollen Senior Media Analyst at Macquarie Bank Macquarie Bank Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity research - US and European Media. Coverage of TV/entertainment, advertising and publishing tocks. Specialties: financial modeling, corporate relations, client service, writing Highlights Experience Senior Analyst Company Name Macquarie Bank Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Location New York, NY Senior analyst - US and European media Vice President Company Name JPMorgan Dates Employed 2008 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Equity research analyst - European Media (publishing & advertising) Managing Director Company Name Bear Stearns International Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs European equity research - publishing & advertising Associate Director Company Name Bear Stearns & Co. Dates Employed 2001 – 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs US equity research analyst - publishing & advertising Education Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Georgetown University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Woodrow Wilson high school Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 25 endorsements for Equity Research 25 Equity Research Endorsed by Mark Schoenebaum, MD and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Tim’s colleagues at Macquarie Group Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 23 endorsements for Financial Modeling 23 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Mark Schoenebaum, MD and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Tim’s colleagues at Macquarie Group Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 19 endorsements for Equities 19 Equities Endorsed by David Chermont and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Tim’s colleagues at Macquarie Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) Daniel Carter Investment Director at Saudi Aramco Energy Ventures April 15, 2009, Daniel worked with Tim but at different companies Tim cuts to the chase and does not waste a minute to update his clients on developments and their implications in his coverage universe. This is a breath of fresh air in the City of London, where all too often price targets and analysis arrives late, untidy and after the fact. And, he's a very sociable person to have an after work drink with too! Arnaud de Lepinay Co-Head France & BeNeLux - Global Cash Equity at J.P. Morgan March 26, 2009, Tim worked with Arnaud in the same group Tim is hard worker, efficient and businees focused analyst. He is able to quickly adapt to its clients and audience to make the best of their time. He knows his subjects from top to bottom and is always available to provide clarity. A great analyst. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Nick Stone Partner at Child & Child October 23, 2011, Tim was a client of Nick’s Nick was on the front foot all the time, thorough, and dedicated in our property sale. I highly recommend him. Michael Kiernan Managing Director at Wolfe Research LLC April 14, 2009, Michael was senior to Tim but didn’t manage directly Mike was an excellent product manager at Bear Stearns equity research. I always found him extremely helpful, going out of his way to provide thoughtful insight to my research work and strategy in promoting it. He is extraordinarily well connected, and has a thorough understanding of both investment and management concepts on both the buy-side and the sell-side. A valuable manager. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Tim has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Czech Interests Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business 20,845 followers Bear Stearns Network 6,386 members Macquarie Group 156,042 followers Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business 20,209 followers Georgetown University City Alliance 336 members Georgetown University 140,187 followers See all See all following
More Actions Trevor has a account Trevor Young, CFA Consumer Equity Research Analyst Currently seeking new opportunity Gettysburg College Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Former professional athlete and CFA Charterholder with hedge fund and sell-side equity research experience. Industry coverage experience includes consumer, automotive, and business services. Actively seeking new equity research role. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Currently seeking new opportunity Dates Employed 2017 – Present Employment Duration less than a year Vice President, Consumer Equity Research Analyst Company Name Jefferies Dates Employed 2013 – 2017 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Lead analyst on Consumer and Leisure companies: Powersports, Toys and Beauty/Personal Care. Research frequently quoted by Barron's, CNBC and the Wall Street Journal.Previous coverage includes Autos & Auto Parts, Business Services. Media (3) This position has 3 media Polaris Hopes New Focus Will Rev Up Motorcycle Sales Polaris Hopes New Focus Will Rev Up Motorcycle Sales This media is a link Avon: Still Attractive After Selloff, Says Jefferies Avon: Still Attractive After Selloff, Says Jefferies This media is a link Hasbro's strong sales prove that reports of industry-wide weakness are 'overblown' Hasbro's strong sales prove that reports of industry-wide weakness are 'overblown' This media is a link Director Company Name Ardsley Capital Dates Employed 2011 – 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Analyst/Portfolio Company Operations Manager Company Name Capstone Trade Partners Dates Employed 2008 – 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs Financial Analyst Company Name The Lighthouse Group Dates Employed 2007 – 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr See more positions Education Gettysburg College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Cum LaudeHonors in Management Skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis Financial Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Trevor has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Financial Analyst ® Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design Accredited Professional (LEED AP) Microsoft Certified Application Specialist in Excel Interests Moore Capital Management 7,393 followers Davidson Kempner Capital Management 2,422 followers The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) 750,085 followers Maverick Capital 2,822 followers Jefferies 64,042 followers J. Goldman & Co., L.P. 4,512 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Espiritu Capital Markets & Div. Financials Equity Research at Credit Suisse Credit Suisse The Johns Hopkins University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a motivated, hard working, and resourceful individual pursuing a career in macroeconomic and financial analysis. I graduated Cum Laude from Bates College in 2013 with a degree in Economics, and am a member of Phi Beta Kappa academic honour society. I am also an internationally competitive snowboard racer, and have attained success competing at World Cup and World Championship events. This includes winning the 2012 U.S. Collegiate National Snowboarding Championship in Sunday River, Maine. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area M&A Brokers, Financial Intelligence, Market Structure & Trust Banks Consultant Company Name The World Bank Dates Employed May 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Macro Modelling and Statistics Group Research Analyst Company Name International Monetary Fund Dates Employed Jun 2013 – May 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Research Analyst in the Expenditure Policy Division of the Fiscal Affairs Department at the IMF• Analyzed policy reforms by building dynamic models to support economists and country teams• Constructed and maintained databases in Excel, Stata, and EViews to perform econometric analysis for contributions to 15 country reports and 14 publications (varying from books, policy papers, technical notes, externally published journal articles, and IMF Flagship publications)• Published independent research on the role of investment and infrastructure on business potential• Created “Pension Reform Modeling Engine” to forecast macrofiscal effects of reform scenarios for 188 countries• Developed experience and expertise in public expenditure topics, including pension spending and reform, inequality and distributional analysis, investment and capital spending, and public-private-partnerships• Participated in Financial Statement Modelling (Wall Street Prep) and Macroeconomic Modelling and Forecasting (in EViews) training programs Residence Coordinator Company Name Bates College Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos • Created educational and social programs to foster integration of students in campus involvement• Provided a resource for residents and served as a liaison between students and staff, faculty, and the Dean of Students’ office• Facilitated mediation and conflicts within the residence Teaching Assistant Company Name Bates College Economics Department Dates Employed Jan 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos • Tutored and assisted individuals or small groups to reinforce learning concepts presented by the professor of Intermediate Macroeconomic Theory• Graded weekly problem sets, logged and analyzed results, and returned to class in accordance with established deadlines See more positions Education The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Applied Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 MS in Applied Economics, with concentrations in Quantitative Methods and Finance.Selected Coursework: Financial Economics, Derivatives, Financial Econometrics, Time Series Econometrics, Panel Data Econometrics, Investments and Financial Management Bates College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa, Bates College Knit Wits, Residence Life Staff, Competitive Club Ski Team, Bates College Track & Field • Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa, Dean's List - 8 consecutive semesters• Fall Semester Abroad - Nantes, France, 2011; Intensive study of Language, History, and Identity• 2012 USCSA Collegiate Snowboarding National Champion - Giant Slalom• Member of Track and Field team (Javelin); contributed to 2013 State Championship and 2nd place conference championship finish• Co-President of Knitting Club St. George's School Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Snowboard Team Captain, Rugby Team, Swim Team 2 time provincial snowboarding champion (2008, 2009) Featured Skills & Endorsements Economics See 12 endorsements for Economics 12 Economics Endorsed by 3 of Ryan’s colleagues at Bates College Click and drag to reorder skills Stata See 10 endorsements for Stata 10 Stata Endorsed by Elliott West and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 8 endorsements for Statistics 8 Statistics Megan Gallagher and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ryan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Ryan has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Unlocking Business Potential: Infrastructure Needs for Corporations around the World Fiscal Policy and Income Inequality Ryan has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Phi Beta Kappa Interests National Bank Financial 8,383 followers Balyasny Asset Management L.P. 5,895 followers Friends of Bates Athletics 902 members Oliver Wyman 142,681 followers Bureau of Economic Analysis 5,046 followers Bates College 16,742 followers See all See all following
More Actions Cory has a account Cory Kasimov Biotechnology Analyst at JPMorgan JPMorgan Tulane University - A.B. Freeman School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Biotechnology Analyst Company Name JPMorgan Dates Employed May 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 2 mos Biotechnology Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Oppenheimer & Co. Dates Employed 2004 – 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education Tulane University - A.B. Freeman School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Tulane University School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine Degree Name MPH Field Of Study Health Systems Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Tulane University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Cellular and Molecular Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Biotechnology See 60 endorsements for Biotechnology 60 Biotechnology Endorsed by Simos Simeonidis, PhD, MBA and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Cory’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 42 endorsements for Valuation 42 Valuation Endorsed by Raghuram Selvaraju, PhD, MBA and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Cory’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 29 endorsements for Financial Modeling 29 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Raghuram Selvaraju, PhD, MBA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Cory’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Paul Manfredi The Galt Group- Healthcare Retained Search for Financial Services and Industry. Strategic Career Mgnt Srvs. November 19, 2013, Cory worked with Paul but at different companies I've known Paul for roughly 10 years and always found him to be an insightful and diligent resource in the life sciences industry. I continue to be impressed by breadth of his relationships. He's also highly proactive and fully up to speed on all the latest trends in the business. Accomplishments Interests Tulane University - A.B. Freeman School of Business 17,672 followers Healthcare Investment Professionals 6,355 members Tulane University 78,936 followers Tulane University School of Medicine 14,992 followers BIO Investor Forum 749 members Jamie DimonJamie Dimon is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 526,748 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sumeet has a account Sumeet Jain Equity research analyst at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs CFA Institute Mumbai Area, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Associate Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Lead analyst on India IT Services Equity Research Associate Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Mumbai Area, India Lead analyst on auto components and secondary on OEMs Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Bangalore Covered US hospitals being a secondary analyst. Involved in writing research report on $20Bn IPO listing on NYSE Summer Intern Company Name Cadbury plc. Dates Employed Apr 2009 – May 2009 Employment Duration 2 mos Proposed the most efficient business model for contract manufacturing at Cadburyo Built financial model to assess the business risk(Beta&amp; Ratio analysis)for contractor &amp; proposed ROI based on risk profileo Benchmarked the major FMCG companies (HUL, P&amp;G, Marico, Britannia &amp; Coke)to explore the best practices Assistant manager Company Name Maruti Suzuki Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Member of Strategic sourcing &amp; procurement team for new model development in engineering division Negotiated on pricing issues for auto components with major tier-1 suppliers of Maruti Suzuki Standardized the costing norms for Machining &amp; sintering products across various vendors of Maruti Suzuki Education CFA Institute Degree Name Level 2 Field Of Study Finance,Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Cleared Level-1 in December 2010 followed by Level-2 in June 2011 Cleared both the levels in first attempt Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Coordinator, Sports Committee’08 Captain, Tennis team SDA Bocconi Degree Name MBA-Student exchange Field Of Study Finance& Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2009 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 17 endorsements for Financial Modeling 17 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Shelley Gnall and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Sumeet’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 10 endorsements for Project Management 10 Project Management Saurabh Pathak and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 9 endorsements for Valuation 9 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Sumeet’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Mudit Kumar Senior Director at GEP Worldwide May 1, 2010, Mudit worked with Sumeet in different groups I worked with Sumeet on multiple projects where he helped us developing cost models and he proved to be great asset to the team. He had an eye for details, superior project management skills and was a great team player. I am sure he will do well with his skills and learning abilities. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Investment Bankers Network 9,381 members Pan IIM Alumni Association 7,064 members SDA Bocconi 49,853 followers Goldman Sachs Alumni Networking Group 20,679 members Delhi College of Engineering 24,621 followers SDA Bocconi 69,788 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alan has a account Alan Wai Equity Research Analyst at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs York University - Schulich School of Business Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Salt Lake City Area Real Estate Sr. Chief Investment Strategist Company Name York Finance Club Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area The York University Student Investment Fund (YUSIF), in affiliation with the York Finance Club, is an endowment managed by students and supported by alumni and friends. Students will apply course theory and learn to manage the real-life risks and rewards of asset management.YUSIF's purpose: 1. To provide live decision-making investment experience to students.2. To foster practical knowledge by educating York University students by means of authentic industry and security analysis. Media (1) This position has 1 media Learn more about YUSIF Learn more about YUSIF This media is a document Equity Research Associate Company Name Canalyst Financial Modelling Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2015 – May 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Portfolio Manager Company Name York Finance Club Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area • Initiating management of a student-run York University endowment fund ($100K donation target) • Working closely with the CIS to recruit, train and oversee a team of 20 investment analysts• For more information, please visit our website: http://yusif.ca/ Portfolio Analyst Intern Company Name CPP Investment Board Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Energy, Industrials and Materials group See more positions Education York University - Schulich School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Activities and Societies: York Finance Club, Schulich Protégé Program, York University Student Tax Association, AIESEC YORK, Accounting Society • Dean’s Honour List • Awarded the York University Renewable Entrance Scholarship for high school averages of at least 90% ($8,000) as well as the Queen Elizabeth II Aiming for the Top Scholarship awared to students who have demonstrated academic excellence at the high school level ($12,000) Brebeuf College Catholic Secondary School Degree Name O.S.S. Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Graduated with honours, obtaining a 93% cumulative average in the final year (top 1% of graduating class) Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 17 endorsements for Teamwork 17 Teamwork Endorsed by Jethro Kwan and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alan’s colleagues at York Finance Club Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 11 endorsements for Financial Modeling 11 Financial Modeling Edward R. Zhu and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 11 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 11 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 2 of Alan’s colleagues at York Finance Club Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alan has 37 courses 37 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Corporate Finance Business Ethics Business History Conflict and Negotiation Corporate Finance Corporate Social Responsibility in a Global Context Creating Global Capitalism Economic Growth and Development Elementary Chinese Entertainment Marketing Alan has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Passed Level I of the CFA Program Series 7, 63 Chartered Investment Manager, CIM Canadian Investment Funds Course, CIFC Canadian Securities Course, CSC Alan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Interests AP3 - Third Swedish National Pension Fund 1,138 followers Schulich School of Business - York University 42,633 followers Schulich School of Business (YorkU) Alumni 5,014 members Johnson Investment Counsel 1,296 followers Schulich School of Business - York University 37,665 followers Brebeuf College School 341 members See all See all following
More Actions John has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd John Blackledge Managing Director and Senior Equity Research Analyst: Internet and New Media at Cowen and Company Cowen and Company Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst: Internet and New Media Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior Internet analyst covering Amazon, eBay, Facebook, Google, IAC Corp, JD.com, LinkedIn, Match Group, Netflix, Pandora, TrueCar, Twitter, Wayfair and Yahoo!. Senior Equity Research Analyst: SMID Cap Internet Sector Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location New York City Senior analyst covering Internet stocks since 2008. Coverage universe includes Netflix, Pandora Media, AOL, IAC Corp, Monster Worldwide, Dice Holdings, comScore, Loopnet, QuinStreet and Boingo Wireless.Senior analyst on Credit Suisse lead managed IPO's: QuinStreet (2010), Boingo Wireless (2011). Senior Equity Research Analyst: Media and Broadcasting Company Name JPMorgan Dates Employed 2002 – 2008 Employment Duration 6 yrs Senior analyst covering the radio and TV broadcasting sectors, as well as the outdoor sector at JPMorgan from 2006-2008. Coverage universe included CBS Corp, Clear Channel, Clear Channel Outdoor, Lamar, Sinclair Broadcasting, Entercom, Live Nation, etc.Lead associate on the media equity research team from 2002-2006. Coverage universe included Time Warner, Disney, Viacom, News Corp, Pixar, Dreamworks, Liberty Media, etc. Equity Research Associate Company Name ABN AMRO Bank N.V. Dates Employed 2001 – 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr Equity research associate covering media companies, including AOL Time Warner, Disney, Viacom, News Corp. Equity Research Associate Company Name ING Barings Dates Employed 1999 – 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity research associate on the IT Services equity research team. Companies covered included EDS, Sapient, Viant, etc. See more positions Education Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Varsity football, accounting society Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 47 endorsements for Equity Research 47 Equity Research Endorsed by Ken Sena and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of John’s colleagues at Cowen and Company Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 19 endorsements for Investment Banking 19 Investment Banking Endorsed by 4 of John’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 15 endorsements for Equities 15 Equities Endorsed by Tom O'Mara and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of John’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Nicole Glenn Acquisitions Manager at NG Home Solutions Corp. January 18, 2012, John managed Nicole directly Nicole is a great resource for our entire team. She is focused, detail oriented and organized. She is able to execute all of her tasks in a timely fashion for a large team of individuals, which has helped improve the overall efficiency of my team and our overall franchise. Accomplishments Interests LinkedIn 2,167,451 followers Jeff JordanJeff Jordan is a LinkedIn Influencer General Partner at Andreessen Horowitz 96,580 followers Wayfair 34,307 followers Chris FralicChris Fralic is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at First Round - Investing in Great Entrepreneurs in New York 127,102 followers David MarcusDavid Marcus is a LinkedIn Influencer Head of Messenger @ Facebook 273,753 followers eBay 277,296 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Katzman Portfolio Manager & Corporate Strategy Rockingstone Advisors NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Partner & Co-Chief Investment Officer Company Name Rockingstone Advisors Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location 200 Park Avenue, Suite 1700, NY, NY, 10166 Portfolio Management & Corporate Strategy Equity Research Analyst - Food & Agribusiness Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Sep 2000 – May 2016 Employment Duration 15 yrs 9 mos Equity Research Analyst - Food & Agribusiness Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed May 1990 – Sep 2000 Employment Duration 10 yrs 5 mos Economist Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed Jul 1987 – Jun 1989 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1990 Oberlin College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics & Government Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 Volunteer Experience Board of Trustees Member Company Name Oberlin College Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs Investment Management Committee NY State Board of Trustees Company Name The Nature Conservancy Dates volunteered Dec 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 7 mos Cause Environment Former Board Chair of ENY ChapterFormer Board finance leader of ENY Chapter Treasurer Company Name West 80's Neighborhood Association Dates volunteered Dec 2011 – Present Volunteer duration 5 yrs 7 mos Cause Social Services Non-profit focused on variety of issues to help UWS including anti-graffiti, environmental work & beautification, community organizing. Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 16 endorsements for Equity Research 16 Equity Research Endorsed by Bill Dreher and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Eric’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 8 endorsements for Investment Banking 8 Investment Banking Endorsed by Francis (Frank) Kelly, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Eric’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 8 endorsements for Equities 8 Equities Endorsed by Bill Dreher, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests NYU Stern School of Business 100,903 followers i(x) investments 154 followers Deutsche Bank 567,761 followers Oberlin College 25,625 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,949 followers Rockingstone Advisors 19 followers See all See all following
More Actions Martin has a account Martin Zhang Investment Manager, Financial Institution Department, Bank of Ganzhou Bank of Ganzhou Pepperdine University, The George L. Graziadio School of Business and Management Jing’an District, Shanghai, China 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Martin Zhang has over 4 years' professional experience including an asset management firm, a SaaS startup company and Fortune 500 companies such as Greenland and Bank of America Merrill Lynch. He has a master's degree in finance from Pepperdine University and 2 years' working experience in Los Angeles. He is a CFA Level 3 Candidate and CPA Candidate. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Investment Manager Company Name Bank of Ganzhou Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Shanghai City, China Financial Institution Department Investment Manager Company Name X-Rock Capital Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Shanghai X-Rock Capital is a boutique PE fund investing in TMT industry. Analyst Company Name naked Group Dates Employed Apr 2016 – May 2016 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Shanghai Successfully helped naked Hub raise 33mn USD for its first tranche B round funding Research Analyst - Offshore Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Shanghai City, China Covered over 20 stocks in Gaming, Lodging and Leisure sector and wrote over 100 reports Analyst Company Name CLAROS Communications, Inc Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Involved in 6 SaaS (Software as a Service) projects including Claros MedTech, Mold Watch, Games 2 Give, Kkorus etc. and successfully raised capital for Claros MedTech through acquisition See more positions Education Pepperdine University, The George L. Graziadio School of Business and Management Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Finance Grade 3.6 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Member of Finance Club, Participant of seminar on Financial Modeling with Training The Street • Semifinalist, ACG Cup-Investment Banking Case Competition at Pepperdine • Mastered Vlookup, Pivot Table and VBA Programming in Financial Modeling projects• Utilized Excel to perform cash budgeting and forecasting in accounting projects• Constructed the Discounted Cash Flow(DCF) model to conduct corporate valuation Jiangxi University of Finance and Economics Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Finance Grade 3.5 Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: VP of Academic Department of Student Government • Excellent Reporter of 2008, University Journalist Association• Academic Merit Scholarship recipient Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 18 endorsements for Financial Modeling 18 Financial Modeling Sukrit Tantisuwitkul and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 11 endorsements for Data Analysis 11 Data Analysis Endorsed by Yabin Zheng, M.S. and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills SPSS See 5 endorsements for SPSS 5 SPSS Tommy Pikes III and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Lisa R. Creach Consultant October 11, 2012, Lisa R. was Martin’s teacher Martin was one of my best students. He is articulate, professional and received the highest grade possible in my class. I recommend Martin for any position. Levan Efremidze Assistant Professor of Finance at Pepperdine University Graziadio School of Business and Management October 5, 2012, Levan was Martin’s teacher Martin was my student at Graziadio School of Business, Pepperdine University, in the program of Master of Science in Applied Finance. He is a great person as well as a smart and hard working finance professional. He has extensive training and sure to be a great asset wherever he becomes an organization member. In addition, his positive personality, fluent English and Chinese and familiarity with both cultures makes him a great candidate for multinational organizations. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Martin has 22 courses 22 Expand courses section Courses Accounting for Working Capital Advanced Financial Accounting Advanced Financial Management Applied Data Analysis Business Valuation Capital Markets Contemporary Issues Derivatives E2B Accounting Equity and Bond Investments Financial Accounting Martin has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Chinese Martin has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores GMAT TOEFL Martin has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Level III Candidate Interests Siemer & Associates 2,292 followers Pepperdine Private Capital Markets Project 12,899 members Bloomberg LP 720,505 followers Pepperdine Graziadio School of Business and Management 25,898 followers Ian BremmerIan Bremmer is a LinkedIn Influencer President at Eurasia Group 1,551,956 followers Kforce Inc 107,751 followers See all See all following
More Actions Satyam has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Satyam Arora, CFA Vice President Equity Research Rafferty Capital Markets CFA Institute, US New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail -Vice President Equity Research (North American Financial Services) with Rafferty Capital Market, LLC -Lead Analyst for US Mid Cap Financial Services -CFA Charterholder -Equity Research Experience of over 7 years -Finra Series 7, 86, 87 Specialties: Equity, Banking, Financial Services, Macro Research See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Satyam’s Activity 3,218 followers Looking for an experienced (7+) Stress Testing Business Analyst ( London based). Pls inbox if interested. Thanks! Satyam liked See all activity Experience Vice President Equity Research Company Name Rafferty Capital Markets Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research Analyst- Responsible for coverage of north American financial services firms including universal banks, regional banks, investment banks, trust banks, advisory firms, credit card companies and community banks.- Successfully initiated coverage of 36 stocks- Perform fundamental value-oriented research of publicly-traded companies in the financial services sector - Produce industry notes on macro picture, economic outlook and broader market analysis- Publish research reports and contribute to daily research note, generating actionable recommendations- Communicate investment ideas to clients and sales force and oversee preparation of marketing materials- Utilize bottom-up fundamental research to generate investment ideas and identify potential research candidates- Create and maintain financial models for covered companies, utilizing earnings and comparable methodologies- Creating proprietary tools for analyzing investment opportunities in the financial services sector- Working with Dick Bove- well renowned Wall Street analyst Financial Analyst Company Name Rochdale Securities, LLC Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area Equity Research Associate responsible for coverage of US large cap banks, investment firms, and trust banks- Initiated coverage on Canadian bank stocks using fundamental value research- Produce industry research on macro economic variables and their impact on banking industry- Responsible for creating cash based valuation tool for US banking- Developing CDS pair trading strategies by creating a unique bank ranking model- Produce state-wise economic reports covering housing, economic recovery and demographic developments Analyst Company Name Langham Capital Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Gurgaon, India M&A Analyst responsible for PE fund raising, conduct valuation and due diligence, capital markets, economic and statistical analysis, and M&A Valuations Equity Research Analyst Company Name Evalueserve Dates Employed Jun 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Gurgaon, India Equity Research Associate responsible to assist senior bank analyst covering US equities- Initiated coverage of banks, PE firms and asset managers listed in US and Europe- Conduct breakup analysis to gauge bank valuation in an unconventional way- Produce industry notes on global financial services space- Experience of dealing with clients at CXO Level- Employee Performance Awards (July-December 2010)- In recognition of "Outstanding Performance"Worked with Innovation Fund instituted by Govt. of India to initiate funding ideas for midcap enterprisesConducted industry analysis of financial service sector of Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region. Accounting Associate Company Name The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 7 mos Foreign Exchange AccountingPrepared Monthly Analysis Report (MAR), Bank Reconciliation, I/O Reco, Forex Revaluation, R-Return for submission to RBI. See more positions Education CFA Institute, US Degree Name CFA Field Of Study Finance Grade CFA Charterholder Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Cleared Level 3 in June 2012 (1st Attempt)Cleared Level 2 in June 2011 (1st Attempt)Cleared Level 1 in June 2010 (1st Attempt) Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies (CBS) - Delhi University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Studies Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 UNIVERSITY GOLD MEDALIST for BBS programFounder President (FinX – The Financial Xperts, Financial Market Society of S. S. College of Business Studies; 2007, 2008) Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 37 endorsements for Financial Modeling 37 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Shreyas Goel and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Satyam’s colleagues at Evalueserve Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 29 endorsements for Valuation 29 Valuation Endorsed by 4 of Satyam’s colleagues at Evalueserve Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 21 endorsements for Equity Research 21 Equity Research Endorsed by 3 of Satyam’s colleagues at Evalueserve Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Ramanreet Singh, CFA Senior Consultant at Duff & Phelps February 15, 2012, Ramanreet worked with Satyam but at different companies Satyam's way of teaching stands out. He made sure that every student was understanding the concepts irrespective of the diverse educational backgrounds they had. He has great confidence and real depth knowledge of what he teaches. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Satyam has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications BankUnited stock recovers following retirement announcement Value Proposition – Stock Buybacks Do Not Create Value Florida Becoming An Economic Powerhouse Are Our Mortgage Markets Broken? White Paper on A Macro Examination of Financial Reporting in India Satyam has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores FINRA Series 86/87 FINRA Series 7 Satyam has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Awards and Achievements Satyam has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language German Satyam has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization New York Society of Security Analysts Satyam has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Asset Classes Price Determination Interests The Connor Group 12,161 followers Harris Williams & Co. 4,406 followers Aventine Hill Partners 7,887 followers ECG Resources, Inc. 3,571 followers Evalueserve 36,416 followers The Richman Group 1,550 followers See all See all following
More Actions Douglas has a account Douglas Wagner, CFA Senior Vice President, Equity Analyst at AllianceBernstein LP AllianceBernstein Washington University in St. Louis - Olin Business School Greater Chicago Area 407 407 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Vice President, Equity Analyst Company Name AllianceBernstein Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Chicago Area Analyst covering financial services, cable, media and telecom companies for AB Growth Equities. Vice President, Senior Analyst Company Name FAF Advisors Dates Employed Feb 2004 – May 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Analyst covering financial services broadly. Research Analyst Company Name American Express Financial Advisors Dates Employed Feb 2003 – Nov 2003 Employment Duration 10 mos Analyst covering banks. Research Analyst Company Name UBS O'Connor Dates Employed Sep 2001 – Jan 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Analyst covering financial services companies. Research Associate Company Name Lincoln Capital Managment Dates Employed May 1999 – Aug 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Research associate covering financial services companies. See more positions Education Washington University in St. Louis - Olin Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1992 Chosen as the Wall Street Journal Outstanding Finance Graduate Student. University of Missouri-Columbia, College of Business Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Finance and Banking Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Activities and Societies: Pi Kappa Phi Fraternity Volunteer Experience Assistant Scoutmaster, BSA Company Name BSA Troop 14, Elmhurst, IL Dates volunteered Feb 2011 – Present Volunteer duration 6 yrs 5 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 16 endorsements for Equities 16 Equities Endorsed by Alex Kramm and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Douglas’ colleagues at AB Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 13 endorsements for Portfolio Management 13 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Saurin D. Shah, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Douglas’ colleagues at AB Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management See 12 endorsements for Asset Management 12 Asset Management Endorsed by Rob McDougall and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Douglas’ colleagues at FAF Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Aryeh Glatter Equity Portfolio Manager at JP Morgan January 4, 2010, Aryeh was senior to Douglas but didn’t manage directly I found Aryeh to be a skilled and astute portfolio manager. He asked pointed questions that got to the heart of the matter. This led to several very key moves on the portfolio positioning side during the financial crisis that added significant alpha to several portfolios. Accomplishments Douglas has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests Finance Club 1,037,789 members Elmhurst Banking Professionals 95 members Washington University in St. Louis - Olin Business School 14,542 followers University of Missouri-Columbia, College of Business 9,040 followers Washington University in St. Louis - Olin Business School 14,978 followers Investment Management and Portfolio Analytics 32,667 members See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Katzman Portfolio Manager & Corporate Strategy Rockingstone Advisors NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Partner & Co-Chief Investment Officer Company Name Rockingstone Advisors Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location 200 Park Avenue, Suite 1700, NY, NY, 10166 Portfolio Management & Corporate Strategy Equity Research Analyst - Food & Agribusiness Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Sep 2000 – May 2016 Employment Duration 15 yrs 9 mos Equity Research Analyst - Food & Agribusiness Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed May 1990 – Sep 2000 Employment Duration 10 yrs 5 mos Economist Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed Jul 1987 – Jun 1989 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1990 Oberlin College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics & Government Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 Volunteer Experience Board of Trustees Member Company Name Oberlin College Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs Investment Management Committee NY State Board of Trustees Company Name The Nature Conservancy Dates volunteered Dec 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 7 mos Cause Environment Former Board Chair of ENY ChapterFormer Board finance leader of ENY Chapter Treasurer Company Name West 80's Neighborhood Association Dates volunteered Dec 2011 – Present Volunteer duration 5 yrs 7 mos Cause Social Services Non-profit focused on variety of issues to help UWS including anti-graffiti, environmental work & beautification, community organizing. Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 16 endorsements for Equity Research 16 Equity Research Endorsed by Bill Dreher and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Eric’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 8 endorsements for Investment Banking 8 Investment Banking Endorsed by Francis (Frank) Kelly, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Eric’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 8 endorsements for Equities 8 Equities Endorsed by Bill Dreher, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests NYU Stern School of Business 100,903 followers i(x) investments 154 followers Rockingstone Advisors 19 followers Oberlin College 24,927 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,949 followers Oberlin College 25,625 followers See all See all following
More Actions Douglas has a account Douglas Wagner, CFA Senior Vice President, Equity Analyst at AllianceBernstein LP AllianceBernstein Washington University in St. Louis - Olin Business School Greater Chicago Area 407 407 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Vice President, Equity Analyst Company Name AllianceBernstein Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Chicago Area Analyst covering financial services, cable, media and telecom companies for AB Growth Equities. Vice President, Senior Analyst Company Name FAF Advisors Dates Employed Feb 2004 – May 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Analyst covering financial services broadly. Research Analyst Company Name American Express Financial Advisors Dates Employed Feb 2003 – Nov 2003 Employment Duration 10 mos Analyst covering banks. Research Analyst Company Name UBS O'Connor Dates Employed Sep 2001 – Jan 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Analyst covering financial services companies. Research Associate Company Name Lincoln Capital Managment Dates Employed May 1999 – Aug 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Research associate covering financial services companies. See more positions Education Washington University in St. Louis - Olin Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1992 Chosen as the Wall Street Journal Outstanding Finance Graduate Student. University of Missouri-Columbia, College of Business Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Finance and Banking Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Activities and Societies: Pi Kappa Phi Fraternity Volunteer Experience Assistant Scoutmaster, BSA Company Name BSA Troop 14, Elmhurst, IL Dates volunteered Feb 2011 – Present Volunteer duration 6 yrs 5 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 16 endorsements for Equities 16 Equities Endorsed by Alex Kramm and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Douglas’ colleagues at AB Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 13 endorsements for Portfolio Management 13 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Saurin D. Shah, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Douglas’ colleagues at AB Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management See 12 endorsements for Asset Management 12 Asset Management Endorsed by Rob McDougall and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Douglas’ colleagues at FAF Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Aryeh Glatter Equity Portfolio Manager at JP Morgan January 4, 2010, Aryeh was senior to Douglas but didn’t manage directly I found Aryeh to be a skilled and astute portfolio manager. He asked pointed questions that got to the heart of the matter. This led to several very key moves on the portfolio positioning side during the financial crisis that added significant alpha to several portfolios. Accomplishments Douglas has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests WIRED 1,077,583 followers Xavier R. RoletXavier R. Rolet is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO, London Stock Exchange Group 23,572 followers CFA Institute Members 69,517 members Mizzou Alumni 30,918 members University of Missouri-Columbia, College of Business 9,040 followers AllianceBernstein Alumni 2,505 members See all See all following
More Actions John has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd John Blackledge Managing Director and Senior Equity Research Analyst: Internet and New Media at Cowen and Company Cowen and Company Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst: Internet and New Media Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior Internet analyst covering Amazon, eBay, Facebook, Google, IAC Corp, JD.com, LinkedIn, Match Group, Netflix, Pandora, TrueCar, Twitter, Wayfair and Yahoo!. Senior Equity Research Analyst: SMID Cap Internet Sector Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location New York City Senior analyst covering Internet stocks since 2008. Coverage universe includes Netflix, Pandora Media, AOL, IAC Corp, Monster Worldwide, Dice Holdings, comScore, Loopnet, QuinStreet and Boingo Wireless.Senior analyst on Credit Suisse lead managed IPO's: QuinStreet (2010), Boingo Wireless (2011). Senior Equity Research Analyst: Media and Broadcasting Company Name JPMorgan Dates Employed 2002 – 2008 Employment Duration 6 yrs Senior analyst covering the radio and TV broadcasting sectors, as well as the outdoor sector at JPMorgan from 2006-2008. Coverage universe included CBS Corp, Clear Channel, Clear Channel Outdoor, Lamar, Sinclair Broadcasting, Entercom, Live Nation, etc.Lead associate on the media equity research team from 2002-2006. Coverage universe included Time Warner, Disney, Viacom, News Corp, Pixar, Dreamworks, Liberty Media, etc. Equity Research Associate Company Name ABN AMRO Bank N.V. Dates Employed 2001 – 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr Equity research associate covering media companies, including AOL Time Warner, Disney, Viacom, News Corp. Equity Research Associate Company Name ING Barings Dates Employed 1999 – 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity research associate on the IT Services equity research team. Companies covered included EDS, Sapient, Viant, etc. See more positions Education Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Varsity football, accounting society Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 47 endorsements for Equity Research 47 Equity Research Endorsed by Ken Sena and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of John’s colleagues at Cowen and Company Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 19 endorsements for Investment Banking 19 Investment Banking Endorsed by 4 of John’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 15 endorsements for Equities 15 Equities Endorsed by Michael Fox and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of John’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Nicole Glenn Acquisitions Manager at NG Home Solutions Corp. January 18, 2012, John managed Nicole directly Nicole is a great resource for our entire team. She is focused, detail oriented and organized. She is able to execute all of her tasks in a timely fashion for a large team of individuals, which has helped improve the overall efficiency of my team and our overall franchise. Accomplishments Interests Mark MobiusMark Mobius is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, Templeton Emerging Markets Group at Franklin Templeton Investments 412,979 followers eBay for Business 9,398 followers Twitter 500,091 followers Jeff JordanJeff Jordan is a LinkedIn Influencer General Partner at Andreessen Horowitz 96,580 followers LinkedIn 2,167,451 followers Pandora 116,217 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Boss Equity Research Analyst at JPMorgan JPMorgan Greater New York City Area 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name JPMorgan Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests J.P. Morgan 833,566 followers
More Actions Satyam has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Satyam Arora, CFA Vice President Equity Research Rafferty Capital Markets CFA Institute, US New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail -Vice President Equity Research (North American Financial Services) with Rafferty Capital Market, LLC -Lead Analyst for US Mid Cap Financial Services -CFA Charterholder -Equity Research Experience of over 7 years -Finra Series 7, 86, 87 Specialties: Equity, Banking, Financial Services, Macro Research See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Satyam’s Activity 3,218 followers Looking for an experienced (7+) Stress Testing Business Analyst ( London based). Pls inbox if interested. Thanks! Satyam liked See all activity Experience Vice President Equity Research Company Name Rafferty Capital Markets Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research Analyst- Responsible for coverage of north American financial services firms including universal banks, regional banks, investment banks, trust banks, advisory firms, credit card companies and community banks.- Successfully initiated coverage of 36 stocks- Perform fundamental value-oriented research of publicly-traded companies in the financial services sector - Produce industry notes on macro picture, economic outlook and broader market analysis- Publish research reports and contribute to daily research note, generating actionable recommendations- Communicate investment ideas to clients and sales force and oversee preparation of marketing materials- Utilize bottom-up fundamental research to generate investment ideas and identify potential research candidates- Create and maintain financial models for covered companies, utilizing earnings and comparable methodologies- Creating proprietary tools for analyzing investment opportunities in the financial services sector- Working with Dick Bove- well renowned Wall Street analyst Financial Analyst Company Name Rochdale Securities, LLC Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area Equity Research Associate responsible for coverage of US large cap banks, investment firms, and trust banks- Initiated coverage on Canadian bank stocks using fundamental value research- Produce industry research on macro economic variables and their impact on banking industry- Responsible for creating cash based valuation tool for US banking- Developing CDS pair trading strategies by creating a unique bank ranking model- Produce state-wise economic reports covering housing, economic recovery and demographic developments Analyst Company Name Langham Capital Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Gurgaon, India M&A Analyst responsible for PE fund raising, conduct valuation and due diligence, capital markets, economic and statistical analysis, and M&A Valuations Equity Research Analyst Company Name Evalueserve Dates Employed Jun 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Gurgaon, India Equity Research Associate responsible to assist senior bank analyst covering US equities- Initiated coverage of banks, PE firms and asset managers listed in US and Europe- Conduct breakup analysis to gauge bank valuation in an unconventional way- Produce industry notes on global financial services space- Experience of dealing with clients at CXO Level- Employee Performance Awards (July-December 2010)- In recognition of "Outstanding Performance"Worked with Innovation Fund instituted by Govt. of India to initiate funding ideas for midcap enterprisesConducted industry analysis of financial service sector of Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region. Accounting Associate Company Name The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 7 mos Foreign Exchange AccountingPrepared Monthly Analysis Report (MAR), Bank Reconciliation, I/O Reco, Forex Revaluation, R-Return for submission to RBI. See more positions Education CFA Institute, US Degree Name CFA Field Of Study Finance Grade CFA Charterholder Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Cleared Level 3 in June 2012 (1st Attempt)Cleared Level 2 in June 2011 (1st Attempt)Cleared Level 1 in June 2010 (1st Attempt) Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies (CBS) - Delhi University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Studies Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 UNIVERSITY GOLD MEDALIST for BBS programFounder President (FinX – The Financial Xperts, Financial Market Society of S. S. College of Business Studies; 2007, 2008) Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 37 endorsements for Financial Modeling 37 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Shreyas Goel and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Satyam’s colleagues at Evalueserve Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 29 endorsements for Valuation 29 Valuation Endorsed by 4 of Satyam’s colleagues at Evalueserve Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 21 endorsements for Equity Research 21 Equity Research Endorsed by 3 of Satyam’s colleagues at Evalueserve Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Ramanreet Singh, CFA Senior Consultant at Duff & Phelps February 15, 2012, Ramanreet worked with Satyam but at different companies Satyam's way of teaching stands out. He made sure that every student was understanding the concepts irrespective of the diverse educational backgrounds they had. He has great confidence and real depth knowledge of what he teaches. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Satyam has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications BankUnited stock recovers following retirement announcement Value Proposition – Stock Buybacks Do Not Create Value Florida Becoming An Economic Powerhouse Are Our Mortgage Markets Broken? White Paper on A Macro Examination of Financial Reporting in India Satyam has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores FINRA Series 86/87 FINRA Series 7 Satyam has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Awards and Achievements Satyam has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language German Satyam has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization New York Society of Security Analysts Satyam has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Asset Classes Price Determination Interests The Horizon Group 8,891 followers Sidoti & Company 2,592 followers C.L. King & Associates 1,441 followers Rand Thompson Consultants 144 followers Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana 8,477 followers JES Holdings, LLC 651 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brad has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Brad Carpenter, CFA Integrated Resource Planning Portland General Electric Carnegie Mellon University - Tepper School of Business Portland, Oregon 500+ 500+ connections InMail . Specialties: . Highlights Experience Integrated Resource Planning Company Name Portland General Electric Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Portland, Oregon Area Investment Banking, Energy Company Name Citi Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 7 mos Director, E&P Equity Research Company Name Cantor Fitzgerald Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater Denver Area Investment Banking, Energy Company Name Citi Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Houston, Texas Associate Equity Research Analyst Company Name Wells Fargo Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Denver, CO Partner with a Senior Analyst covering the Energy sector, specifically the US Exploration and Production (E&P) IndustryCreate, update, and maintain financial models for the group’s coverage universe, which includes ~28 E&P companies  Communicate the group’s company-specific views and broader macro outlook to clients, internal sales teams, and senior managementCreate company and industry reports, attend industry conferences, conduct fundamental and quantitative research See more positions Education Carnegie Mellon University - Tepper School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Investment Strategy Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Graduate Finance Association (President), Alpha Club, Admissions Volunteer President, Graduate Finance Association Bucknell University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 BA in Economics, Minor in Spanish Kent Denver Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 44 endorsements for Financial Modeling 44 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Brian Wirtz and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Brad’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 36 endorsements for Finance 36 Finance Endorsed by Erich Stolz and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Brad’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 35 endorsements for Financial Analysis 35 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Stephen Regan and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Brad’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jackie Goslin Director at Carnegie Mellon University October 12, 2009, Brad was a client of Jackie’s Brad Carpenter was one of my students while he was at Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of Business. I had the pleasure of watching Brad transform himself from a regional airline pilot to a well groomed business school candidate in the financial services industry at a very difficult time in the economy. Brad's focus is intense. Highly regarded by his peers at CMU, Brad was selected to the position of President for the Graduate Finance Association, a testament to his ability to commit and deliver results. He and some of his classmates were instrumental in handing down a legacy for the first years. They provided the first year class with a first ever recruiting guide to finance, which has turned into a huge success and subsequent classes have since adopted.Professionally, I was not surprised to witness Brad obtaining a summer internship well before his classmates. Additionally, I was not surprised to hear that Brad made a strong impression on his summer employer. Employers recognize they have a winner when they meet Brad - personable, smart, competitive and focused. I am privileged to have Brad in my network. We continue to stay in touch and his commitment to the school and our students remains strong. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brad has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Brad has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Charter Brad has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization CFA Society Colorado Interests ICAP 33,464 followers Allen Austin Power & Cleantech 1,451 members Kodiak Oil & Gas Corp 4,493 followers Third Avenue Management 4,493 followers London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) 30,110 followers 361 Services 1,882 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ken has a account Ken Goldman Managing Director - J.P. Morgan Equity Research J.P. Morgan NYU Stern School of Business New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Equity Analyst: Food Producers and Retailers Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area 2016 Institutional Investor All-America Research Team#1-Ranked in Food Retailers#2-Ranked in Food Producers Equity Analyst Company Name Bear Stearns Dates Employed Jul 2004 – May 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research - Consumer Staples Production (Live Graphics/Replay Production, Segment Production, Research) Company Name ESPN Dates Employed Sep 1993 – Aug 2000 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Hartford, Connecticut Area Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 Activities and Societies: Follies University of Pennsylvania Degree Name BA Field Of Study English Literature Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Activities and Societies: Sigma Alpha Mu Lower Merion High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 56 endorsements for Equity Research 56 Equity Research Endorsed by Tanya Levy-Odom and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Ken’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 37 endorsements for Equities 37 Equities Endorsed by Michael Kiernan and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Ken’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 17 endorsements for Valuation 17 Valuation Endorsed by 3 of Ken’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Endorsed by 9 people who know Valuation Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Ken Drish Executive Vice President, Business Development at Driveline Retail Merchandising April 12, 2013, Ken worked with Ken but at different companies Ken is an outstanding information resource and knows the retail industry extremely well. He is also a high quality, ethical individual. I recommend his work highly. Accomplishments Interests New York Film Academy 18,373 followers NYU Stern School of Business Alumni (Official) 29,518 members Bear Stearns Network 6,386 members ESPN Alumni 4,574 members University of Pennsylvania 205,834 followers University of Pennsylvania 224,261 followers See all See all following
More Actions Boris has a account Boris Peaker, PhD, CFA Managing Director at Cowen and Company Cowen and Company Stanford University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a senior equity research analyst focusing on the healthcare industry. I enjoy uncovering undervalued businesses, diving into the firm's and competitor's SEC filings and scientific publications, and understanding the dynamics that create temporary market inefficiencies. Specialties: Equity research, value investing, special situations, financial modeling, due diligence, scientific diligence, portfolio management. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Biotechnology equity research Executive Director Company Name Oppenheimer & Co. Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location NYC I cover bio-pharmaceutical companies across a broad range of market caps. At this time my coverage universe is heavily weighted towards oncology and orphan diseases. Senior Associate Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Rodman & Renshaw Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location NYC Research coverage focused on the biotechnology industry, with an emphasis on emerging growth companies (<$1B market cap) Equity Research Associate Company Name Cowen & Co. Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Covered the biotechnology industry across a broad range of market caps, from emerging growth to large caps. Consultant Company Name Keelin Reeds Partners Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Palo Alto, CA I advised biotechnology companies on business development activities, including analysis of M&A, licensing, and joint ventures. Education Stanford University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Biophysics Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Developed novel techniques for synthesis of membrane proteins. Structured projects for undergraduate students and mentored them in their research. State University of New York at Stony Brook Degree Name BS Field Of Study Physics, Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Activities and Societies: Represented USA as one of 11 selected undergraduate students in a summer physics research exchange program at CERN, Geneva, Switzerland. Member of Golden Key, Sigma Pi Sigma and Phi Beta Kappa national honor societies. Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 13 endorsements for Financial Modeling 13 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Michael Rindos and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Boris’ colleagues at Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 7 endorsements for Equity Research 7 Equity Research Endorsed by Mary Miller Fazio, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Boris’ colleagues at Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Biotechnology See 6 endorsements for Biotechnology 6 Biotechnology Endorsed by George Uy, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Boris’ colleagues at Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Paul Manfredi The Galt Group- Healthcare Retained Search for Financial Services and Industry. Strategic Career Mgnt Srvs. September 23, 2013, Boris was a client of Paul’s Paul has a good reading on the pulse of the industry and the hiring trends. Accomplishments Boris has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Russian Interests Stony Brook University 117,818 followers Cowen and Company 5,939 followers Stanford University 374,333 followers Pharmaceutical Research Collaborations 464 members Stanford University 440,269 followers Center for Biotechnology at Stony Brook University 577 members See all See all following
More Actions Cleopatra has a account Cleopatra Zagrean Venturing for Change Bloom Court LLC The Wharton School New York, New York 308 308 connections Send InMail Researcher and Designer Highlights Experience Research and Design Company Name Bloom Court LLC Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location New York, NY Research and design for community development ventures. Sell-Side Equity Research Company Name Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. Dates Employed May 2010 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location New York, NY Product development and marketing for equity research on natural resources and infrastructure. Independent Research Company Name Companion Investment Research Dates Employed Aug 2008 – May 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location New York, NY Equity and distressed debt research on consumer and industrial companies. Buy-Side Equity Research Company Name Sentinel Investments Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Montpelier, VT Equity research on consumer and healthcare companies. Sell-Side Equity Research Company Name Ryan Beck & Co. Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Mar 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Boca Raton, FL Product development and marketing for equity research on consumer and special situations. See more positions Education The Wharton School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Individualized Major in Venture Development & Innovation Activities and Societies: Business development for the Nonprofit Board Leadership Program. Nonprofit leadership study at the Fels Institute of Government. Individual study on responsible investing. Volunteer Experience Development, Finance, and Audit Research Company Name GallopNYC Dates volunteered Oct 2014 – Mar 2017 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 6 mos Cause Health Patient Service Company Name NY Presbyterian Hospital Elder Life Program (HELP) Dates volunteered Aug 2009 – Mar 2011 Volunteer duration 1 yr 8 mos Cause Health Software Development Agency Launch Company Name Sense + Detail Dates volunteered Feb 2016 – Aug 2016 Volunteer duration 7 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Cleopatra has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages French German Interests Acumen 23,632 followers frog 122,157 followers DuckDuckGo 1,950 followers edX 131,453 followers Net Impact NYC Professional Chapter 1,040 members IDEO.org 15,505 followers See all See all following
More Actions Y T has a account Y T Boon Senior Equity Research Analyst at Neuberger Berman Neuberger Berman The University of Edinburgh Hong Kong 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity research analyst focusing on Asian Technology sector (Telecoms, Equipment, Hardware, Components, Semiconductor, IC Design) Highlights Experience Senior Vice President, Equity Research Company Name Neuberger Berman Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Hong Kong Equity research analyst focusing on the tech sector in Asia ex-Japan region Vice President, Equity Research Company Name Neuberger Berman Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Hong Kong Central Research: Asian Technology (Hardware, Semiconductor) & Telecoms Equity Research Associate Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Hong Kong Asia Pacific Technology Sector Equity Research Analyst - China hardware technology & telecommunication equipment Senior ASIC Engineer Company Name Hisilicon Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 11 mos 應用工程技術副經理 Company Name Global Unichip Corp Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos See more positions Education The University of Edinburgh Degree Name MSc Field Of Study System Level Integration Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2003 University of Southampton Degree Name BEng Field Of Study Electronic Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 Chong Hwa High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Semiconductors See 21 endorsements for Semiconductors 21 Semiconductors Endorsed by 3 of Y T’S colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills ASIC See 12 endorsements for ASIC 12 ASIC Jenny Chou and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Static Timing Analysis See 11 endorsements for Static Timing Analysis 11 Static Timing Analysis Endorsed by 4 of Y T’S colleagues at GUC Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) John Pitzer Managing Director at Credit Suisse November 7, 2013, John was senior to Y T but didn’t manage directly I had the pleasure to work with YT for several years at Credit Suisse. YT was a significant asset to the Global Technology Research Group at Credit Suisse - Strong knowledge base in both technology trends and business implications specifically in the semiconductor and wireless/wireline infrastructure sectors in Asia and Globally. I would recommend YT as being extremely knowledge and equally important a strong team player who consistently placed the interest of the firm ahead of his own. He will clearly be successful in any endeavor. Satya Kumar at October 18, 2013, Satya worked with Y T in different groups I worked with YT when he was over at Credit Suisse. YT is one of the most knowledgeable analysts in the tech sector. I have found his depth and breadth of technical as well as market knowledge to be impressive. YT is a great team player, easy to work with and he collaborated very well with other members of the global tech team. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Y T has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Malay Interests OppenheimerFunds 49,779 followers University of Southampton 112,250 followers Global Equity Research 14,441 members Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members University of Southampton 117,798 followers Amazon Lab126 84,349 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sofia has a account Sofia Carlstrom Equity Research Analyst at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bank of America Merrill Lynch University of Minnesota-Duluth London, Greater London, United Kingdom 144 144 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Equity Research Intern Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location London, United Kingdom Student Participant Company Name Bulldog Fund, LLC. Dates Employed Mar 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Duluth, MN • Effectively presented formal recmmendations to the program’s Investment Overseight Committee. • Actively co-managed the Bulldog Fund, LLC. valued at $1,100,000 with 20 other students.• Performed equity analysis of companies within the S&P 500 Consumer Discretionary sector employing a combination of fundamental, technical, and quantitative analysis using FactSet and Bloomberg. • Ran an enhanced S&P 500 Benchmark strategy with an active Beta and Alpha component. Student Support Service Assistant Company Name LSBE Student Affairs Dates Employed Mar 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location University of Minnesota Duluth • Communicated and advised students to understand and navigate degree requirements. • Guided student traffic by answering questions, scheduling appointments, and answering the phone. • Assisted Advising and Academic Services staff in delivering student services. Supervisor Company Name POPOMAX AB Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Stockholm, Sweden • Instructed and supported two employees with disabilities. • Administered process of production including finalizing products and shipping orders.• Delegated and supervised various labor intensive tasks to eight summer employees. Education University of Minnesota-Duluth Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Financial Markets Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Beta Gamma Sigma inductee in 2015; Beta Gamma Sigma is an honor society accredited by AACSB International. Inductees are recognized for being in the top 10% academically at the University of Minnesota Duluth within the Labovitz School of Business & Economics. Media (1) This position has 1 media Beta Gamma Sigma Beta Gamma Sigma This media is an image Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 12 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 12 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by James Ostrem, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 9 endorsements for Microsoft Office 9 Microsoft Office Matthew McKenzie and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Alexander Glockner and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sofia has 11 honors 11 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Academic Achievement and Commitment to Excellence in the Financial Markets Program Academic Excellence in the Bachelor of Business Administration Degree Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society Construction Financial Management Association Scholarship Dean’s List For Academic Excellence First Street Gang Member Scholarship The Vizanko Family Scholarship UMD Beverly & Erwin Goldfine Scholarship WCHA All-Academic Team Sofia has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Swedish Interests POPOMAX AB 13 followers University of Minnesota Duluth 60,164 followers University of Minnesota Duluth 61,548 followers Bank of America Merrill Lynch 95,975 followers
More Actions Heath has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Heath P. Terry, CFA Internet Equity Research Analyst Goldman Sachs Columbia University - Columbia Business School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity research analyst with 16 years of experience covering internet, media, and software companies and sectors. Specialties: Building networks of industry contacts, primary fundamental research, analyzing developing businesses and industries, valuing companies and securities. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Internet Equity Research Analyst & Deputy Business Unit Leader for TMT Managing Director, Internet Equity Research Company Name Canaccord Genuity Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY SVP, Internet & Entertainment Software Research Company Name FBR Capital Markets Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Director of Global Internet & Entertainment Research Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jun 1999 – May 2008 Employment Duration 9 yrs Managed primary research coverage of the Internet, Media, and Entertainment Software industries for nine years at Credit Suisse overseeing a team of analysts and associates; includes direct coverage of 25 companies including Google, eBay, Yahoo, Amazon, Disney, Newscorp, Time Warner, and Electronic Arts and secondary coverage of the Chinese Internet sector, Sony, and related non-US internet companies. Senior Specialist Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jul 1996 – Jun 1999 Employment Duration 3 yrs See more positions Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Dean's List University of Alabama Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance: Investment Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Chief Justice, Student Court Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 77 endorsements for Equity Research 77 Equity Research Endorsed by David Readerman, CFA and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Heath’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 69 endorsements for Financial Modeling 69 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Chris Haroun and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Heath’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 60 endorsements for Valuation 60 Valuation Endorsed by Soohwan Kim, CFA and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Heath’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (4) Baj Kochar Portfolio Manager at Kochar Capital January 1, 2015, Baj was a client of Heath’s Heath is one of the best analysts I have worked with in all of the industries I have covered. As head of Internet Research at CSFB, he was the key equity analyst who took Google public and was the first analyst to recognize that search was destined to become a near-monopoly. He has consistently produced insightful research, and his recommendations contributed substantially to the performance of the Vanguard Primecap and Vanguard Capital Opportunity Funds. Aaron Goldman Chief Marketing Officer at 4C March 22, 2009, Aaron worked with Heath but at different companies Heath is a shrewd analyst and really on top of the trends in the online media and entertainment space. His has strong relationships with many key players allowing him to keep his fingers on the pulse of the industry. Baj Kochar Portfolio Manager at Kochar Capital January 13, 2015, Baj was a client of Heath’s Having known Baj in a professional capacity for over 10 years, I have developed a deep respect for his analytical horsepower, industry knowledge, and investment process. His ability to connect a long term outlook with the individual data points important to near term stock movements is as valuable as it is rare. Vivian Lee Equity Research Management July 8, 2010, Heath worked with Vivian but at different companies Vivian is one of the best stock pickers that I've been around. She always asked the right questions of the companies we covered and had a way of getting managements to go beyond the script. Her knowledge of the travel and leisure sectors is second to none on the buyside. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests eBay 277,297 followers Neil BlumenthalNeil Blumenthal is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-Founder & Co-CEO of Warby Parker 180,547 followers HomeAway.com 41,035 followers The University of Alabama 151,014 followers Jamie DimonJamie Dimon is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 526,749 followers Wellington Management 24,923 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mayuresh has a account Mayuresh Masurekar, CFA Equity Research Analyst- Internet at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Equity Research Analyst Company Name CIBC World Markets Dates Employed Feb 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs eBusiness Manager Company Name Dell Dates Employed Feb 2002 – Oct 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Investment Banking Summer Associate Company Name Hoak Breedlove Wesneski Dates Employed 2000 – 2000 Employment Duration less than a year Investment Manager Company Name Unit Trust of India Dates Employed 1998 – 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr Education The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance University of Mumbai University of Mumbai Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 25 endorsements for Financial Modeling 25 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Alden Mahabir and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mayuresh’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 22 endorsements for Equity Research 22 Equity Research Endorsed by John Parks and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mayuresh’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 15 endorsements for Valuation 15 Valuation Endorsed by Alden Mahabir and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mayuresh’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Elaine Raabe Independent Consultant December 4, 2008, Mayuresh worked with Elaine in different groups Having worked with Elaine, I strongly recommend her as a thoroughlyprofessional recruiter, who can balance the clients' and thecandidates' needs, network well through many channels and delivertimely and effective results. She makes the candidates feel extremelywelcome at the company and goes out of her way to make the processeasy and efficient. She has rich and varied experience on Wall Street,which she brings to the table in the high quality of her interactionsand decisions. She would be a tremendous asset to any firm she chooses to join. Accomplishments Interests McCombs MBA Alumni Network 9,665 members DealFlow Source Network | Private Equity, Venture Capital, M&A Deal Flow 134,019 members Private Equity Investment Group | PrivateEquity.com 184,457 members NRIs [NON RESIDENT INDIANs] 43,609 members M & A advisors 14,276 members Michael DellMichael Dell is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Chairman at Dell Technologies 532,257 followers See all See all following
More Actions Heather Q. has a account Heather Q. Li Equity Research Associate at HSBC HSBC New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Hong Kong 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Heather Q.’s Activity 650 followers It's ironic that I was a horrible interviewee and now I'm inside the recruiting industry in addition to being a business owner of an agency. I have been passed up for not interviewing like a pro even though I knew I had the experience and transferable skill sets needed to exceed the companies expectations. If you interview candidates like they are guilty of a crime and you have a ego - arrogance - position of power that is used to interrogate a candidate - you don't deserve to be part of the interview loop and should remind yourself of the time you were once a candidate and how you would of preferred to be treated. In your opinion what are the alternatives towards improving how we welcome candidates and conduct conversation about the job opportunities vs basing it on who can interview the best? Great interviews does not result into great hires as studies have shown although it is one indicator and deciding factors. Heather Q. liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Associate Company Name HSBC Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Hong Kong China Internet: Alibaba, Baidu, Tencent, Sina, Weibo, Ctrip, JD, NetEase Fundraiser Company Name Hagar Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Hong Kong Equity Research Junior Associate Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Member of No. 2 Institutional Investor ranked North American Wireline & Wireless Telecom Services team.Coverage included North American tower companies (AMT, CCI, SBAC), Canadian telecom (BCE, RCI, T) & in-flight wifi provider (GOGO). Campus Ambassador Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research Division Business Development Associate Company Name NYU Langone Medical Center Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area PAST:Research Assistant, Biochemistry and Molecular Design (Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology) See more positions Education New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Finance and Statistics, Minor in Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Bayview Secondary School Degree Name International Baccalaureate Diploma Field Of Study HL: English, Economics, Biology. SL: Mathematics, French, Chemistry, Visual Art. Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Market Research See 15 endorsements for Market Research 15 Market Research Endorsed by 2 of Heather Q.’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 11 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 11 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by Ricardo Olympio, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Heather Q.’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 10 endorsements for Research 10 Research Endorsed by Ricardo Olympio, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Heather Q. has 14 courses 14 Expand courses section Courses Applied Stochastic Processes for Financial Models Corporate Finance Decision Models Economics of Global Business Equity Valuation Forecasting of Time Series Data International Studies Program: Vietnam Law, Business and Society Operations Management Options and Futures Heather Q. has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Mandarin Interests HSBC 1,029,003 followers New York University 465,702 followers Michael MoritzMichael Moritz is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner, Sequoia Capital 580,836 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,942,414 followers Justin TrudeauJustin Trudeau is a LinkedIn Influencer Prime Minister of Canada | Premier ministre du Canada 629,147 followers Jacki ZehnerJacki Zehner is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Engagement Officer - Women Moving Millions 488,925 followers See all See all following
More Actions Cleopatra has a account Cleopatra Zagrean Venturing for Change Bloom Court LLC The Wharton School New York, New York 308 308 connections Send InMail Researcher and Designer Highlights Experience Research and Design Company Name Bloom Court LLC Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location New York, NY Research and design for community development ventures. Sell-Side Equity Research Company Name Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. Dates Employed May 2010 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location New York, NY Product development and marketing for equity research on natural resources and infrastructure. Independent Research Company Name Companion Investment Research Dates Employed Aug 2008 – May 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location New York, NY Equity and distressed debt research on consumer and industrial companies. Buy-Side Equity Research Company Name Sentinel Investments Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Montpelier, VT Equity research on consumer and healthcare companies. Sell-Side Equity Research Company Name Ryan Beck & Co. Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Mar 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Boca Raton, FL Product development and marketing for equity research on consumer and special situations. See more positions Education The Wharton School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Individualized Major in Venture Development & Innovation Activities and Societies: Business development for the Nonprofit Board Leadership Program. Nonprofit leadership study at the Fels Institute of Government. Individual study on responsible investing. Volunteer Experience Development, Finance, and Audit Research Company Name GallopNYC Dates volunteered Oct 2014 – Mar 2017 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 6 mos Cause Health Patient Service Company Name NY Presbyterian Hospital Elder Life Program (HELP) Dates volunteered Aug 2009 – Mar 2011 Volunteer duration 1 yr 8 mos Cause Health Software Development Agency Launch Company Name Sense + Detail Dates volunteered Feb 2016 – Aug 2016 Volunteer duration 7 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Cleopatra has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages French German Interests IDEO.org 15,505 followers DuckDuckGo 1,950 followers frog 122,157 followers Net Impact NYC Professional Chapter 1,040 members The Wharton School 185,675 followers Acumen 23,632 followers See all See all following
More Actions Y T has a account Y T Boon Senior Equity Research Analyst at Neuberger Berman Neuberger Berman The University of Edinburgh Hong Kong 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity research analyst focusing on Asian Technology sector (Telecoms, Equipment, Hardware, Components, Semiconductor, IC Design) Highlights Experience Senior Vice President, Equity Research Company Name Neuberger Berman Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Hong Kong Equity research analyst focusing on the tech sector in Asia ex-Japan region Vice President, Equity Research Company Name Neuberger Berman Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Hong Kong Central Research: Asian Technology (Hardware, Semiconductor) & Telecoms Equity Research Associate Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Hong Kong Asia Pacific Technology Sector Equity Research Analyst - China hardware technology & telecommunication equipment Senior ASIC Engineer Company Name Hisilicon Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 11 mos 應用工程技術副經理 Company Name Global Unichip Corp Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos See more positions Education The University of Edinburgh Degree Name MSc Field Of Study System Level Integration Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2003 University of Southampton Degree Name BEng Field Of Study Electronic Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 Chong Hwa High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Semiconductors See 21 endorsements for Semiconductors 21 Semiconductors Endorsed by 3 of Y T’S colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills ASIC See 12 endorsements for ASIC 12 ASIC Jenny Chou and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Static Timing Analysis See 11 endorsements for Static Timing Analysis 11 Static Timing Analysis Endorsed by 4 of Y T’S colleagues at GUC Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) John Pitzer Managing Director at Credit Suisse November 7, 2013, John was senior to Y T but didn’t manage directly I had the pleasure to work with YT for several years at Credit Suisse. YT was a significant asset to the Global Technology Research Group at Credit Suisse - Strong knowledge base in both technology trends and business implications specifically in the semiconductor and wireless/wireline infrastructure sectors in Asia and Globally. I would recommend YT as being extremely knowledge and equally important a strong team player who consistently placed the interest of the firm ahead of his own. He will clearly be successful in any endeavor. Satya Kumar at October 18, 2013, Satya worked with Y T in different groups I worked with YT when he was over at Credit Suisse. YT is one of the most knowledgeable analysts in the tech sector. I have found his depth and breadth of technical as well as market knowledge to be impressive. YT is a great team player, easy to work with and he collaborated very well with other members of the global tech team. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Y T has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Malay Interests Altera 35,731 followers Broadcom Limited 137,378 followers 4G LTE - LTE Portal 10,459 members Applied Materials 109,603 followers Apple 3,466,230 followers Huawei Technologies 1,204,407 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mayuresh has a account Mayuresh Masurekar, CFA Equity Research Analyst- Internet at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Equity Research Analyst Company Name CIBC World Markets Dates Employed Feb 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs eBusiness Manager Company Name Dell Dates Employed Feb 2002 – Oct 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Investment Banking Summer Associate Company Name Hoak Breedlove Wesneski Dates Employed 2000 – 2000 Employment Duration less than a year Investment Manager Company Name Unit Trust of India Dates Employed 1998 – 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr Education The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance University of Mumbai University of Mumbai Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 25 endorsements for Financial Modeling 25 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Alden Mahabir and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mayuresh’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 22 endorsements for Equity Research 22 Equity Research Endorsed by John Parks and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mayuresh’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 15 endorsements for Valuation 15 Valuation Endorsed by Alden Mahabir and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mayuresh’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Elaine Raabe Independent Consultant December 4, 2008, Mayuresh worked with Elaine in different groups Having worked with Elaine, I strongly recommend her as a thoroughlyprofessional recruiter, who can balance the clients' and thecandidates' needs, network well through many channels and delivertimely and effective results. She makes the candidates feel extremelywelcome at the company and goes out of her way to make the processeasy and efficient. She has rich and varied experience on Wall Street,which she brings to the table in the high quality of her interactionsand decisions. She would be a tremendous asset to any firm she chooses to join. Accomplishments Interests University of Mumbai 472,783 followers Hillside Partners 23 followers Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members Online Marketing Experts 12,636 members Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,942,417 followers DealFlow Source Network | Private Equity, Venture Capital, M&A Deal Flow 134,019 members See all See all following
More Actions Sofia has a account Sofia Carlstrom Equity Research Analyst at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bank of America Merrill Lynch University of Minnesota-Duluth London, Greater London, United Kingdom 144 144 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Equity Research Intern Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location London, United Kingdom Student Participant Company Name Bulldog Fund, LLC. Dates Employed Mar 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Duluth, MN • Effectively presented formal recmmendations to the program’s Investment Overseight Committee. • Actively co-managed the Bulldog Fund, LLC. valued at $1,100,000 with 20 other students.• Performed equity analysis of companies within the S&P 500 Consumer Discretionary sector employing a combination of fundamental, technical, and quantitative analysis using FactSet and Bloomberg. • Ran an enhanced S&P 500 Benchmark strategy with an active Beta and Alpha component. Student Support Service Assistant Company Name LSBE Student Affairs Dates Employed Mar 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location University of Minnesota Duluth • Communicated and advised students to understand and navigate degree requirements. • Guided student traffic by answering questions, scheduling appointments, and answering the phone. • Assisted Advising and Academic Services staff in delivering student services. Supervisor Company Name POPOMAX AB Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Stockholm, Sweden • Instructed and supported two employees with disabilities. • Administered process of production including finalizing products and shipping orders.• Delegated and supervised various labor intensive tasks to eight summer employees. Education University of Minnesota-Duluth Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Financial Markets Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Beta Gamma Sigma inductee in 2015; Beta Gamma Sigma is an honor society accredited by AACSB International. Inductees are recognized for being in the top 10% academically at the University of Minnesota Duluth within the Labovitz School of Business & Economics. Media (1) This position has 1 media Beta Gamma Sigma Beta Gamma Sigma This media is an image Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 12 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 12 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by James Ostrem, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 9 endorsements for Microsoft Office 9 Microsoft Office Matthew McKenzie and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 8 endorsements for Accounting 8 Accounting Alexander Glockner and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sofia has 11 honors 11 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Academic Achievement and Commitment to Excellence in the Financial Markets Program Academic Excellence in the Bachelor of Business Administration Degree Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society Construction Financial Management Association Scholarship Dean’s List For Academic Excellence First Street Gang Member Scholarship The Vizanko Family Scholarship UMD Beverly & Erwin Goldfine Scholarship WCHA All-Academic Team Sofia has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Swedish Interests University of Minnesota Duluth 61,548 followers POPOMAX AB 13 followers Bank of America Merrill Lynch 95,975 followers University of Minnesota Duluth 60,164 followers
More Actions Heather Q. has a account Heather Q. Li Equity Research Associate at HSBC HSBC New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Hong Kong 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Heather Q.’s Activity 650 followers It's ironic that I was a horrible interviewee and now I'm inside the recruiting industry in addition to being a business owner of an agency. I have been passed up for not interviewing like a pro even though I knew I had the experience and transferable skill sets needed to exceed the companies expectations. If you interview candidates like they are guilty of a crime and you have a ego - arrogance - position of power that is used to interrogate a candidate - you don't deserve to be part of the interview loop and should remind yourself of the time you were once a candidate and how you would of preferred to be treated. In your opinion what are the alternatives towards improving how we welcome candidates and conduct conversation about the job opportunities vs basing it on who can interview the best? Great interviews does not result into great hires as studies have shown although it is one indicator and deciding factors. Heather Q. liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Associate Company Name HSBC Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Hong Kong China Internet: Alibaba, Baidu, Tencent, Sina, Weibo, Ctrip, JD, NetEase Fundraiser Company Name Hagar Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Hong Kong Equity Research Junior Associate Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Member of No. 2 Institutional Investor ranked North American Wireline & Wireless Telecom Services team.Coverage included North American tower companies (AMT, CCI, SBAC), Canadian telecom (BCE, RCI, T) & in-flight wifi provider (GOGO). Campus Ambassador Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research Division Business Development Associate Company Name NYU Langone Medical Center Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area PAST:Research Assistant, Biochemistry and Molecular Design (Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology) See more positions Education New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Finance and Statistics, Minor in Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Bayview Secondary School Degree Name International Baccalaureate Diploma Field Of Study HL: English, Economics, Biology. SL: Mathematics, French, Chemistry, Visual Art. Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Market Research See 15 endorsements for Market Research 15 Market Research Endorsed by 2 of Heather Q.’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 11 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 11 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by Ricardo Olympio, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Heather Q.’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 10 endorsements for Research 10 Research Endorsed by Ricardo Olympio, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Heather Q. has 14 courses 14 Expand courses section Courses Applied Stochastic Processes for Financial Models Corporate Finance Decision Models Economics of Global Business Equity Valuation Forecasting of Time Series Data International Studies Program: Vietnam Law, Business and Society Operations Management Options and Futures Heather Q. has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Mandarin Interests Justin TrudeauJustin Trudeau is a LinkedIn Influencer Prime Minister of Canada | Premier ministre du Canada 629,156 followers NYU Global Alumni 1,936 members New York University 434,831 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,949 followers HSBC 1,029,003 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,942,427 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ritu has a account Ritu Baral Managing Director, Senior Biotechnology Analyst at Cowen and Company Cowen and Company Barnard College Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Biotechnology Equity Research Specialties: Cardiovascular, Autoimmune, CNS and Orphan Metabolic Disease Focus Highlights Experience Managing Director, Senior Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Member, Board of Directors; Chair, Audit Committee Company Name EveryLife Foundation for Rare Diseases Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos The EveryLife Foundation for Rare Diseases is dedicated to accelerating biotech innovation for rare disease treatments through science-driven public policy. We can do more with the science we already have and bring life-saving treatments to millions of people suffering from rare diseases. Managing Director, Senior Analyst - Biotechnology Equity Research Company Name Canaccord Genuity Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location New York, NY Member, Board of Directors Company Name Pulmonary Fibrosis Foundation Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Senior Associate - Biotechnology Equity Research Company Name Canaccord Genuity Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Sr. Associate to Adam Cutler See more positions Education Barnard College Degree Name BS Field Of Study Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Holton-Arms Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 40 endorsements for Equity Research 40 Equity Research Endorsed by Andrea Bici and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ritu’s colleagues at Pulmonary Fibrosis Foundation Click and drag to reorder skills Biotechnology See 39 endorsements for Biotechnology 39 Biotechnology Endorsed by Wade Lange and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Ritu’s colleagues at Pulmonary Fibrosis Foundation Click and drag to reorder skills Investor Relations See 28 endorsements for Investor Relations 28 Investor Relations Endorsed by Brian Korb and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ritu’s colleagues at The Trout Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jonathan Rowe Executive Director, Head of Clinical Development Quality Performance and Risk Management September 18, 2011, Ritu worked with Jonathan but at different companies I had the pleasure of working with Jonathan closely during a pivotal time at his company. Jonathan's ability, thoroughness and strategic/analystical thought process made working with him extremely insightful, efficient, productive, and enjoyable. He is determined, thoughtful and intelligent and yet at the same time personally engaging, quick-witted and easygoing. I look forward to working with Jonathan around future projects and endeavors. Accomplishments Ritu has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language German French Interests Biotech Valuation (NPV/DCF, rNPV, Real Options, Comparables/Benchmarking) 1,769 members BIO CEO & Investor Conference 1,180 members Biotech, Medical & Pharmaceutical Investment 19,153 members Canaccord Genuity Group Inc. 4,397 followers Naomi SimsonNaomi Simson is a LinkedIn Influencer Speaker, Entrepreneur, Author, Shark Tank Australia, Blogger: Join.NaomiSimson.com 1,945,596 followers Healthcare Investment Professionals 6,355 members See all See all following
More Actions Christa has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Christa Quarles Chief Executive Officer at OpenTable Kimberly-Clark Harvard Business School San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Christa’s Activity 2,091 followers Meet the Sacramento mom on Fast Company's list of 100 most creative people in business Christa liked See all activity Experience Board Member Company Name Kimberly-Clark Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Audit committee member. Chief Executive Officer Company Name OpenTable Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Interim CEO and Chief Financial Officer Company Name OpenTable Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Chief Financial Officer Company Name OpenTable Dates Employed May 2015 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Chief Business Officer Company Name Nextdoor, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location San Francisco Bay Area See more positions Education Harvard Business School Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Carnegie Mellon University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Economics and German Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa, Varsity Cross Country, Varsity Basketball Graduated 1st in the Department of Economics. WU (Vienna University of Economics and Business) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Semester abroad Featured Skills & Endorsements Start-ups See 82 endorsements for Start-ups 82 Start-ups Endorsed by Steve Sordello and 18 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Christa’s colleagues at The Walt Disney Company Click and drag to reorder skills Venture Capital See 38 endorsements for Venture Capital 38 Venture Capital Endorsed by Lara Druyan and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christa’s colleagues at The Walt Disney Company Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Planning See 35 endorsements for Strategic Planning 35 Strategic Planning Endorsed by Fernando De Obeso L-J and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christa’s colleagues at Nextdoor Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Michi Rasmussen Senior Vice President,Head of Events, Bank of the West December 22, 2011, Christa was senior to Michi but didn’t manage directly I worked with Michi for nine years at Thomas Weisel. Michi was an integral part of managing the firm's key institutional relationships by leading the firm's marketing, events and PR. She was uncompromising in the details and made sure every client interaction counted. Supporting large teams and varied demands, Michi thinks strategically and creatively to align resources appropriately with business goals and quickly resolves issues via her depth of experience and sheer talent. Michi has a knack for bringing the best out in people and motivating them to perform well. She is energetic, passionate about her work, professional, conscious of budget restrictions and deadlines. A true asset -- her attention to detail and follow through would make her a valuable and sought-after team member in any organization. Ashim Mehra Vice President, Research Analyst at Baron Capital February 13, 2009, Ashim was a client of Christa’s Very thoughtful investor: Having an operational background, Ashim is able to analyze the public companies in a way that many of his peers cannot. He develops deep industry relationships to understand the internet supply chain that differentiates his approach to investing. Accomplishments Interests James SlavetJames Slavet is a LinkedIn Influencer Consumer technology VC 67,515 followers John BattelleJohn Battelle is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, EIC, CEO, NewCo 143,418 followers TED: Ideas Worth Spreading - Unofficial 841,800 members Kimberly-Clark 403,072 followers Harvard Business School Alumni (Official) 28,986 members Kristina SalenKristina Salen is a LinkedIn Influencer CFO, Etsy 310,247 followers See all See all following
More Actions Heath has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Heath P. Terry, CFA Internet Equity Research Analyst Goldman Sachs Columbia University - Columbia Business School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity research analyst with 16 years of experience covering internet, media, and software companies and sectors. Specialties: Building networks of industry contacts, primary fundamental research, analyzing developing businesses and industries, valuing companies and securities. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Internet Equity Research Analyst & Deputy Business Unit Leader for TMT Managing Director, Internet Equity Research Company Name Canaccord Genuity Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY SVP, Internet & Entertainment Software Research Company Name FBR Capital Markets Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Director of Global Internet & Entertainment Research Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jun 1999 – May 2008 Employment Duration 9 yrs Managed primary research coverage of the Internet, Media, and Entertainment Software industries for nine years at Credit Suisse overseeing a team of analysts and associates; includes direct coverage of 25 companies including Google, eBay, Yahoo, Amazon, Disney, Newscorp, Time Warner, and Electronic Arts and secondary coverage of the Chinese Internet sector, Sony, and related non-US internet companies. Senior Specialist Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jul 1996 – Jun 1999 Employment Duration 3 yrs See more positions Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Dean's List University of Alabama Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance: Investment Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Chief Justice, Student Court Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 77 endorsements for Equity Research 77 Equity Research Endorsed by David Readerman, CFA and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Heath’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 69 endorsements for Financial Modeling 69 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Chris Haroun and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Heath’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 60 endorsements for Valuation 60 Valuation Endorsed by Soohwan Kim, CFA and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Heath’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (4) Baj Kochar Portfolio Manager at Kochar Capital January 1, 2015, Baj was a client of Heath’s Heath is one of the best analysts I have worked with in all of the industries I have covered. As head of Internet Research at CSFB, he was the key equity analyst who took Google public and was the first analyst to recognize that search was destined to become a near-monopoly. He has consistently produced insightful research, and his recommendations contributed substantially to the performance of the Vanguard Primecap and Vanguard Capital Opportunity Funds. Aaron Goldman Chief Marketing Officer at 4C March 22, 2009, Aaron worked with Heath but at different companies Heath is a shrewd analyst and really on top of the trends in the online media and entertainment space. His has strong relationships with many key players allowing him to keep his fingers on the pulse of the industry. Baj Kochar Portfolio Manager at Kochar Capital January 13, 2015, Baj was a client of Heath’s Having known Baj in a professional capacity for over 10 years, I have developed a deep respect for his analytical horsepower, industry knowledge, and investment process. His ability to connect a long term outlook with the individual data points important to near term stock movements is as valuable as it is rare. Vivian Lee Equity Research Management July 8, 2010, Heath worked with Vivian but at different companies Vivian is one of the best stock pickers that I've been around. She always asked the right questions of the companies we covered and had a way of getting managements to go beyond the script. Her knowledge of the travel and leisure sectors is second to none on the buyside. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Bankrate, Inc. 3,480 followers HomeAway.com 41,035 followers David MarcusDavid Marcus is a LinkedIn Influencer Head of Messenger @ Facebook 273,753 followers Orbitz Worldwide 27,846 followers Andrew ChenAndrew Chen is a LinkedIn Influencer Growth at Uber 119,823 followers The University of Alabama School of Law 17,279 followers See all See all following
More Actions Shane has a account Shane Steinberg Equity Invesment Associate Analyst - TMT T. Rowe Price University of Notre Dame New York, New York 384 384 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Investment Associate Analyst - TMT Company Name T. Rowe Price Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Equity Sales Tech and North Asia Specialist, Equity Research Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Hong Kong • Develop non-consensus global investment ideas (e.g., Samsung and Blackberry short ideas after proprietary Galaxy S4 and Z10 US launch carrier checks) by conducting in-depth company and industry research, and utilizing sell side research.• Rank 2nd among Credit Suisse Asia in trade idea monitor (TIM) in 2013; manage global long/short, TMT and Asia portfolios.• Build financial models, perform channel checks in the US and Asia, and liaise with investor relations teams as a research assistant in the regionally ranked tech and semiconductors teams. Equity Sales and Trading Summer Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location greater new york city area • Generated trade ideas by collaborating with research analysts on fundamentals and traders in flows, resulting in ~15% realized gains on Deere/Caterpillar and GDX/GLD ETF pair trades.• Presented Gamestop as a long-term buy (>90% outperformance relative to the S&P 500 since July 2011) and a service plan to the sales and prime brokerage teams after analyzing a hedge fund's investment style and prime brokerage needs. Private Wealth Management Intern Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 2 mos • Utilized market research to monitor the status of over 100 clients' holdings, aiding senior financial advisers in strategic decision-making and client-specific equity and fixed income pitches. Research Intern (Metacritic.com - Film) Company Name CNET Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 mos • Modeled Excel-based qualitative and quantitative analyses of over 75 online publications to screen candidates for inclusion in Metacritic’s database, resulting in increased website traffic and ad revenues. Education University of Notre Dame Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Grade 3.6 Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Investment Club (Head Analyst - TMT and Consumer Sectors), Observer Newspaper (Editor, Sports and Entertainment Columnist), Wall Street Club (Sales and Trading Mentor), Parliamentary Debate Team (Debater), International Business Certificate Recipient Media (2) This position has 2 media Scene writer Shane Steinberg: 'An individual in the truest sense of the word' Scene writer Shane Steinberg: 'An individual in the truest sense of the word' This media is a link The Top 50 Films of the Decade: Part One The Top 50 Films of the Decade: Part One This media is a link University of Notre Dame Degree Name Business and Culture in China Study Abroad Program - Shanghai, Beijing, Hong Kong, Taipei Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 Bronx High School of Science Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Student Newspaper (Sports and Entertainment Columnist), Intel Science Talent Search (Lung Cancer Researcher at Mount Sinai Medical School for two years), Baseball Club, Traveling Baseball Team (Summer), History Club Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 14 endorsements for Equities 14 Equities Endorsed by 4 of Shane’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Economics See 13 endorsements for Economics 13 Economics Endorsed by 4 of Shane’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 13 endorsements for Financial Modeling 13 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 4 of Shane’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Shane has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications 2016 Level II Candidate in the CAIA Program 2016 Level II Candidate in the CFA Program Shane has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese Spanish Interests Franklin Templeton Investments 96,846 followers SunTrust Robinson Humphrey 7,501 followers RBC Global Asset Management 8,006 followers Business Insider 2,756,808 followers Asian Pacific Alumni of Notre Dame 418 members Harvard Business Review 1,416,277 members See all See all following
More Actions Alvin has a account Alvin Lim, CFA Equity Research Associate at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley National University of Singapore Singapore 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Alvin Lim is an Equity Research Associate covering Telecommunications companies at Morgan Stanley Singapore. Prior to his current role, he covered Semiconductor companies in New York and started his career as an analyst in Hong Kong. Before Morgan Stanley, Alvin worked at the Development Bank of Singapore Vickers Securities, Merrill Lynch, HSBC, Diversity Advisors, and McKinsey, where he gained consulting, sell-side, and buy-side experience across various geographies including New York City, Hong Kong, Shanghai and Singapore. Alvin graduated with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree with a Major in Finance from the National University of Singapore, where he was recognized as a Global Merit Scholar. Contact: alvin.limz@gmail.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Alvin’s Activity 686 followers Congratulations to the 2017 Enactus Singapore National Champions, National University of Singapore! See you at #EnactusWorldCup this September in London! #enactussg17 #WeAllWin Alvin liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Associate Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Singapore Telecommunications Equity Research Associate Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location New York Semiconductors Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Hong Kong Summer Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Hong Kong Equity Research Intern Company Name DBS Vickers Securities Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Shanghai & Hong Kong Research coverage for the Asian automotive, rail equipment and power electronic sector See more positions Education National University of Singapore Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 - International Case Competition @ Maastricht 2012 – Champion Team- CFA Institute Research Challenge 2011 – Singapore Champion Team- Singapore Traders Trophy 2011 – Champion- Research Assistant to Prof. Hum Sin Hoon, Deputy Dean, NUS Business School- NUS Scholars Community (NSC) – Co-Founder University of Virginia Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 - 12th Annual Navigant McIntire Case Competition – Champion Team Ngee Ann Polytechnic Field Of Study Diploma in Banking & Financial Services Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 - Ngee Ann Polytechnic, Business School Valedictorian for the graduating cohort of 2007- Ngee Ann Polytechnic Outstanding Co-Curricular Activity (OCCA) Award – Top 10 in Graduating Cohort- Ngee Ann Polytechnic Outstanding Academic Excellence Scholarship (2005/2006/2007)- Student Council – Elected President- Student Sport’s Council – Vice-President- Investment Club – President- Students In Free Enterprise (SIFE) – Founder & President- Global Entrepolis 2005, Big Invention Slam – Champion Volunteer Experience Programme Manager, Singapore Company Name Enactus Dates volunteered Jan 2006 – Mar 2009 Volunteer duration 3 yrs 3 mos Cause Education - Executed Enactus Singapore marketing strategy by developing working relationships with external youth agencies, non-profit organizations, media and corporate partners- Organized several annual events such as the Enactus Singapore National Competition and Enactus Forum- Conducted training on topics such as financial literacy, business ethics, project sustainability, free market economics and project management- Managed the recruiting, coaching and volunteer management activities within Enactus Singapore Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 19 endorsements for Financial Analysis 19 Financial Analysis Endorsed by David Lim, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Alvin’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 18 endorsements for Financial Modeling 18 Financial Modeling Endorsed by David Lim, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Alvin’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 18 endorsements for Valuation 18 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Alvin’s colleagues at DBS Vickers Securities Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alvin has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards NUS Global Merit Scholar Lee Kuan Yew Scholarship To Encourage Upgrading (LKY-STEP) Award Youth Venturer Award Lien Ying Chow Gold Medal Alvin has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Charterholder Chartered Market Technician (CMT) Charterholder Alvin has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Youth Sector Involvement Interests Enactus 43,042 members Global Shapers Community 8,491 followers National University of Singapore 186,741 followers Morgan Stanley S&T Analysts 2012 1,096 members World Economic Forum 190,940 followers University of Virginia 165,489 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dominic has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Dominic Azoulay Summer Equity Research Analyst | CFA Level I Candidate | Finance Major at San Francisco State University Phocas Financial San Francisco State University, College of Business Mountain View, California 497 497 connections InMail I am an extremely disciplined and goal orientated college student currently studying at San Francisco State and majoring in Business Finance. Currently I am pursuing my CFA level 1. After receiving my degree I intend to work at an investment firm doing equity research. Besides school, I have been learning a lot about value investing and have been applying the value investing approach to the stock market by investing my own money in long term securities. I am always on the lookout for a wide variety of investment opportunities, ranging from slow-growth and cyclical companies to asset plays and turnarounds. Before making the final decision to invest real money in any of the businesses I take interest in, I conduct thorough investigative research on each company and document all of my findings. These reports contain information on the company's financial standing, their leadership team, current market conditions, and any other pieces of information that are relevant to the company's financial health and future outlook. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Summer Equity Research Analyst Company Name Phocas Financial Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Alameda, CA Phocas Financial manages equity portfolios and sub-advises mutual funds for institutional investors and investment advisors. They specialize in U.S. Small Cap Value Equities, and U.S. Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts ("REITs"). Their robust investment strategies are designed to deliver attractive long-term returns with low turnover and moderate risk. Co President Company Name Financial Analysis and Management Education (FAME) Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area Financial Analysis and Management Education (FAME) is an independent student organization that was founded at San Francisco State University in 2008. We aim to advance the financial education of our members by bridging the gap between the classroom and the business world. CFA Level 1 Candidate Company Name CFA Institute Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Currently pursuing my CFA level 1 Lifeguard Company Name YMCA of the USA Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Mountain View, CA Secure the safety of the pool as well as the patrons in it. Team Captain & Equity Research Analyst Company Name CFA Institute Research Challenge Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Competed in the CFA Institute Research Challenge against the top schools in Northern California. I Managed a team of 5 students, and together we created a security analysis on HP Inc. ,looking at the Industry Overview, their Competitive Positioning, the Current Investment Drivers, a Financial Analysis, the Valuations including a DCF model and the P/E multiple method, and the current Investment Risks, to come up with a Buy Recommendation. We defended our recommendation before a panel of investment research experts. Media (2) This position has 2 media CFA Institute Research Challenge Sf state CFA Institute Research Challenge Sf state This media is a document CFA Institute Research Challenge Power Point CFA Institute Research Challenge Power Point This media is a document See more positions Education San Francisco State University, College of Business Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Business, Finance Grade Currently 3.6 Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Fall 2017 Co-President for Financial Analysis & Management Education (FAME) | Spring 2017 Vice President of Administration for Financial Analysis & Management Education (FAME) Media (2) This position has 2 media REIT Analysis on Boston Properties REIT Analysis on Boston Properties This media is a document REIT Analysis on Equity Residential REIT Analysis on Equity Residential This media is a document Foothill College Degree Name Associate’s Degree Field Of Study Sociology Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Volunteer Experience Volunteeer Company Name Villa Siena Dates volunteered Apr 2012 – Apr 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Health What I did here at Villa Siena was help assist the elderly on a day to day basis. I took them on walks outside and around the area. I also helped prepare the meals and fed many elderly their lunch and dinner. This was a great learning experience and really helped mold me into a more sophisticated individual. Featured Skills & Endorsements Customer Service See 12 endorsements for Customer Service 12 Customer Service Michael W. Staib, MBA and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 12 endorsements for Leadership 12 Leadership Michael W. Staib, MBA and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 10 Microsoft Excel Michael W. Staib, MBA and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dominic has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects CFA Institute Research Challenge REIT Analysis on Boston Properties REIT Analysis on Equity Residential Business Report on Instagram Dominic has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Lifeguard certification Dominic has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award 2017 CFA Program Access Scholarship Dominic has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Co-President for Financial Analysis Management Education ( FAME) Interests Financial Analysis & Management Education (FAME) at San Francisco State University 142 followers Foothill College 25,290 followers Private Equity, M&A, and Venture Capital Investments 323,289 members Real Estate professionals 5,880 members Fisher Investments 50,061 followers FINANCE JOBSEEKERS 79,091 members See all See all following
More Actions Jon has a account Jon Raleigh Energy Private Equity at Brookline Group Brookline Group Villanova University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Energy Private Equity Company Name Brookline Group Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Portfolio Manager/Analyst Company Name Longbow Capital Partners Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Portfolio Manager/Analyst Company Name Clean Value Partners Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Long Short Portfolio Manager focused on deep value opportunities and special situations across the traditional and alternative energy industries. Managing Director, Global Investment Research Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Jan 2005 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Head of Power & Utility Research Managing Director, Equity Research Company Name CIBC World Markets; Oppenheimer & Co. Dates Employed Mar 1993 – Dec 1999 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Head of Power and Utility Research Education Villanova University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Hedge Funds See 25 endorsements for Hedge Funds 25 Hedge Funds Endorsed by James Pirkle and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jon’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 23 endorsements for Equity Research 23 Equity Research Endorsed by John Parks, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 22 endorsements for Portfolio Management 22 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Jeffrey T. Dalton, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jon’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Jennifer Ehrhardt Robock Assistant Manager of Operations at Mandel Foundation December 3, 2013, Jon managed Jennifer directly I had the pleasure of working directly with Jennifer for 2+ years at Clean Value Partners and during the critical transition period during which Longbow Capital purchased and integrated the acquisition of Clean Value. As head of Clean Value's operations, Jennifer managed accounting, legal, brokerage, regulatory, hedge fund administration and investor relations. Research staff and investor clients worked with Jennifer on a daily basis. Feedback from fellow employees, investors and important third parties was consistently positive and impressive. A tireless hard worker, Jennifer has a unique ability to grasp complex legal, accounting, regulatory and operational issues. Once she had established a full set of facts and circumstances she would work to find a custom, sensible and timely solution. Jennifer enjoys working onHaving worked with many talented and dedicated colleagues from Goldman Sachs and Oppenheimer, Jennifer stands out as exceptional, ranking in the top 5%. The amount of work she managed was extremely large, critical and required a unique range of skills and knowledge.It is without hesitation I would recommend Jennifer to prospective coworkers and please feel free to contact me directly with any questions.Jon Dan Gornetzki Applications Sales Manager at Oracle April 28, 2013, Jon worked with Dan but at different companies Danny has a unique ability to bring team members together with an objective of coming up with best solution for customers. Accomplishments Interests Private Equity, M&A, Venture Capital and Commercial Bank Portfolio Performance Group 625 members Villanova University 133,346 followers Anthony ScaramucciAnthony Scaramucci is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur 214,615 followers Event Driven, Catalyst Focused and Special Situation Investing 2,679 members Villanova University 129,763 followers
More Actions Saul has a account Saul Martinez Managing Director, Equity Research, UBS UBS Princeton University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Saul’s Activity 1,189 followers I am retiring from Wellington on June 1. I've loved the associations with colleagues, clients, peers and companies. But after 101 quarters of bank analysis, I'm excited for a sabbatical and a summer of golf, fishing, exercise, reading and family. Then, we'll see what's next. Thanks to everyone! Saul liked See all activity Experience US Financials Research Company Name UBS Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Equity Research Analyst- Latin American Financial Services Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 8 yrs 2 mos Equity Research Company Name Bear Stearns Dates Employed Nov 2000 – May 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs 7 mos Investment Banking Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Oct 1998 – Nov 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Education Princeton University Degree Name Masters in Public Affairs Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1998 University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 45 endorsements for Equity Research 45 Equity Research Endorsed by Andrea Teixeira and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Saul’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 26 endorsements for Equities 26 Equities Endorsed by Dan Raghoonundon and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Saul’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Marcelo Mizrahi Equity Analyst na Ibiuna Investimentos April 9, 2017, Marcelo was a client of Saul’s Marcelo is an excellent investment professional with solid analytical skills and a strong knowledge of banks, especially Brazilian banks. Fabiana Dacosta Senior Vice President at Citi Private Bank September 25, 2011, Saul worked with Fabiana in different groups I enjoyed working with Fabiana. I believe she is a solid professional who is diligent, smart, and works well with others. She enhanced my relationships with various investors. Saul Accomplishments Interests University of California, Los Angeles 512,138 followers J.P. Morgan 833,566 followers Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,251 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Princeton University 108,098 followers Ian BremmerIan Bremmer is a LinkedIn Influencer President at Eurasia Group 1,551,997 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Donnelly Managing Director, Equity Research, Wells Fargo Securities The Rubinstein-Taybi Syndrome Children's Foundation The George Washington University Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail REAL ESTATE Portfolio Manager on 50+ assets totaling over $5B (1990s dollars). Property types include regional malls, shopping centers, raw land, industrial, multifamily, single family development and hotels. Acquisition/Disposition experience on $2-3B+ of commercial real estate (1990s dollars) CAPITAL MARKETS Capital markets professional on over 200 transactions which have raised in excess of $50B of equity capital. Senior equity research analyst in Real Estate & Lodging industries for 15+ years across numerous property types including self-storage, multifamily, regional malls, shopping centers, net lease, mixed-use, land, hotels, gaming/casino, and timeshare/vacation ownership. Licensed securities professional (Series 7, 63, 87) Charted Financial Analyst (CFA) for 20 years. Specialties: Captial allocation and fundraising, portfolio/asset management team leadership, investment policy, acquisition/disposition. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Jeff’s Articles & Activity 1,795 followers Wells Fargo's REITipedia Jeff Donnelly on LinkedIn See all articles Federal Realty Investment Trust (NYSE: FRT) marketing next Pike & Rose office building to prospective tenants - Washington Business Journal Jeff liked Why is there still a gender pay gap? In a new supplement to “The Girl with the Draggin’ W-2” report, we answer your questions about our research. http://spr.ly/60418YXdL Jeff liked Life Lessons from the Checkout Counter Jeff liked See all activity Experience Trustee & Co-Founder Company Name The Rubinstein-Taybi Syndrome Children's Foundation Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 6 mos The Rubinstein-Taybi Syndrome Children's Foundation is a 501(c)(3) private foundation raised in honor of my son Carter and dedicated to funding scientific research of Rubinstein-Taybi Syndrome. We have raised nearly one quarter of a million dollars to fund family outreach and specific research projects currently underway in the U.S. and Europe.Donations graciously accepted, please visit www.facebook.com/RTSCF or send inquiries to rtschildrensfoundation@gmail.com Senior Equity Research Analyst, Managing Director Company Name Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. Dates Employed Feb 1998 – Present Employment Duration 19 yrs 5 mos Wells Fargo Securities' Real Estate & Lodging Equity Research Member Company Name ICSC Research Task Force Dates Employed 2002 – 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs Vice President Company Name EVEREN Dates Employed 1998 – 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs Predecessor to Wachovia Securities (acquired by First Union Securities in ~2000) and later renamed Wachovia Securities Vice President Company Name Aldrich, Eastman & Waltch, LP Dates Employed 1992 – 1998 Employment Duration 6 yrs Private partnership where I started after finishing undergraduate work; later changed name to AEW Capital Management, LP. See more positions Education The George Washington University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Activities and Societies: Tau Epsilon Phi Francis Scott Key Hall Treasurer (2-3 years) Pre-Med, Minored in Psychology & Economics Acton Boxborough Degree Name High School Field Of Study General Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 Volunteer Experience Founder & Trustee Company Name Rubinstein Taybi Syndrome Children's Foundation Dates volunteered Sep 2010 – Sep 2010 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Health The RTSCF (www.facebook.com/rtscf) is focused upon:(1) Sponsoring the establishment of a medical advisory board to review scientific proposals related to RTS;(2) funding scientific research related to RTS;(3) supporting outreach activities that promote the dissemination of the latest medical and patient care information to physicians, scientists, and families of RTS children. Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 33 endorsements for Investments 33 Investments Endorsed by Raymond Martz and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jeff’s colleagues at AEW Capital Management Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 9 endorsements for Capital Markets 9 Capital Markets Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at AEW Capital Management Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management See 35 endorsements for Asset Management 35 Asset Management Endorsed by John Lamb and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Rob Valero Executive Director, Center for Real Estate and Urban Analysis at The George Washington University School of Business April 11, 2009, Jeff worked with Rob but at different companies I have tremendous respect for someone who takes as much personal pride in their work product and performance as Rob does in his. He is exceptionally bright, very loyal, juggling numerous time sensitive matters, and adept at quickly identifying solutions to complex problems and moving to conclusion. For me, Rob is NAREIT -- National Association of REITs -- both the access to the day-to-day inner-workings as well as the public face at its major industry events which I'm sure were significant revenue generators. I think Rob is and will be an asset to an employer worthy of his talents. Robyn Lazara Labor Support and Postpartum Doula, Certified Lactation Counselor at Lavender Labor March 5, 2008, Jeff was senior to Robyn but didn’t manage directly Robyn is a fantastic co-worker -- as a senior analyst at Wachovia, Robyn was critical in not only accessing our sales force but broadcasting our presence through very successful annual conferences and smaller, more frequent marketing events. Beyond the high quality of her work product -- and of greater importance to me -- is her enjoyable personality. She is truly a pleasure to work with... - jd Accomplishments Interests The George Washington University 189,448 followers Institutional Real Estate, Inc. 2,319 members John BurnsJohn Burns is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at John Burns Real Estate Consulting and Owner, John Burns Real Estate Consulting 576,237 followers The Blackstone Group 125,674 followers Acton Boxborough Regional High School Alumni 1,584 members Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,251 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jon has a account Jon Raleigh Energy Private Equity at Brookline Group Brookline Group Villanova University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Energy Private Equity Company Name Brookline Group Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Portfolio Manager/Analyst Company Name Longbow Capital Partners Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Portfolio Manager/Analyst Company Name Clean Value Partners Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Long Short Portfolio Manager focused on deep value opportunities and special situations across the traditional and alternative energy industries. Managing Director, Global Investment Research Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Jan 2005 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Head of Power & Utility Research Managing Director, Equity Research Company Name CIBC World Markets; Oppenheimer & Co. Dates Employed Mar 1993 – Dec 1999 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Head of Power and Utility Research Education Villanova University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Hedge Funds See 25 endorsements for Hedge Funds 25 Hedge Funds Endorsed by James Pirkle and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jon’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 23 endorsements for Equity Research 23 Equity Research Endorsed by John Parks, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 22 endorsements for Portfolio Management 22 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Jeffrey T. Dalton, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jon’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Jennifer Ehrhardt Robock Assistant Manager of Operations at Mandel Foundation December 3, 2013, Jon managed Jennifer directly I had the pleasure of working directly with Jennifer for 2+ years at Clean Value Partners and during the critical transition period during which Longbow Capital purchased and integrated the acquisition of Clean Value. As head of Clean Value's operations, Jennifer managed accounting, legal, brokerage, regulatory, hedge fund administration and investor relations. Research staff and investor clients worked with Jennifer on a daily basis. Feedback from fellow employees, investors and important third parties was consistently positive and impressive. A tireless hard worker, Jennifer has a unique ability to grasp complex legal, accounting, regulatory and operational issues. Once she had established a full set of facts and circumstances she would work to find a custom, sensible and timely solution. Jennifer enjoys working onHaving worked with many talented and dedicated colleagues from Goldman Sachs and Oppenheimer, Jennifer stands out as exceptional, ranking in the top 5%. The amount of work she managed was extremely large, critical and required a unique range of skills and knowledge.It is without hesitation I would recommend Jennifer to prospective coworkers and please feel free to contact me directly with any questions.Jon Dan Gornetzki Applications Sales Manager at Oracle April 28, 2013, Jon worked with Dan but at different companies Danny has a unique ability to bring team members together with an objective of coming up with best solution for customers. Accomplishments Interests Villanova University 133,346 followers Event Driven, Catalyst Focused and Special Situation Investing 2,679 members Villanova University 129,763 followers Anthony ScaramucciAnthony Scaramucci is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur 214,615 followers Private Equity, M&A, Venture Capital and Commercial Bank Portfolio Performance Group 625 members
More Actions Dominic has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Dominic Azoulay Summer Equity Research Analyst | CFA Level I Candidate | Finance Major at San Francisco State University Phocas Financial San Francisco State University, College of Business Mountain View, California 497 497 connections InMail I am an extremely disciplined and goal orientated college student currently studying at San Francisco State and majoring in Business Finance. Currently I am pursuing my CFA level 1. After receiving my degree I intend to work at an investment firm doing equity research. Besides school, I have been learning a lot about value investing and have been applying the value investing approach to the stock market by investing my own money in long term securities. I am always on the lookout for a wide variety of investment opportunities, ranging from slow-growth and cyclical companies to asset plays and turnarounds. Before making the final decision to invest real money in any of the businesses I take interest in, I conduct thorough investigative research on each company and document all of my findings. These reports contain information on the company's financial standing, their leadership team, current market conditions, and any other pieces of information that are relevant to the company's financial health and future outlook. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Summer Equity Research Analyst Company Name Phocas Financial Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Alameda, CA Phocas Financial manages equity portfolios and sub-advises mutual funds for institutional investors and investment advisors. They specialize in U.S. Small Cap Value Equities, and U.S. Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts ("REITs"). Their robust investment strategies are designed to deliver attractive long-term returns with low turnover and moderate risk. Co President Company Name Financial Analysis and Management Education (FAME) Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area Financial Analysis and Management Education (FAME) is an independent student organization that was founded at San Francisco State University in 2008. We aim to advance the financial education of our members by bridging the gap between the classroom and the business world. CFA Level 1 Candidate Company Name CFA Institute Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Currently pursuing my CFA level 1 Lifeguard Company Name YMCA of the USA Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Mountain View, CA Secure the safety of the pool as well as the patrons in it. Team Captain & Equity Research Analyst Company Name CFA Institute Research Challenge Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Competed in the CFA Institute Research Challenge against the top schools in Northern California. I Managed a team of 5 students, and together we created a security analysis on HP Inc. ,looking at the Industry Overview, their Competitive Positioning, the Current Investment Drivers, a Financial Analysis, the Valuations including a DCF model and the P/E multiple method, and the current Investment Risks, to come up with a Buy Recommendation. We defended our recommendation before a panel of investment research experts. Media (2) This position has 2 media CFA Institute Research Challenge Sf state CFA Institute Research Challenge Sf state This media is a document CFA Institute Research Challenge Power Point CFA Institute Research Challenge Power Point This media is a document See more positions Education San Francisco State University, College of Business Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Business, Finance Grade Currently 3.6 Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Fall 2017 Co-President for Financial Analysis & Management Education (FAME) | Spring 2017 Vice President of Administration for Financial Analysis & Management Education (FAME) Media (2) This position has 2 media REIT Analysis on Boston Properties REIT Analysis on Boston Properties This media is a document REIT Analysis on Equity Residential REIT Analysis on Equity Residential This media is a document Foothill College Degree Name Associate’s Degree Field Of Study Sociology Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Volunteer Experience Volunteeer Company Name Villa Siena Dates volunteered Apr 2012 – Apr 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Health What I did here at Villa Siena was help assist the elderly on a day to day basis. I took them on walks outside and around the area. I also helped prepare the meals and fed many elderly their lunch and dinner. This was a great learning experience and really helped mold me into a more sophisticated individual. Featured Skills & Endorsements Customer Service See 12 endorsements for Customer Service 12 Customer Service Michael W. Staib, MBA and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 12 endorsements for Leadership 12 Leadership Michael W. Staib, MBA and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 10 Microsoft Excel Michael W. Staib, MBA and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dominic has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects CFA Institute Research Challenge REIT Analysis on Boston Properties REIT Analysis on Equity Residential Business Report on Instagram Dominic has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Lifeguard certification Dominic has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award 2017 CFA Program Access Scholarship Dominic has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Co-President for Financial Analysis Management Education ( FAME) Interests Fireside Realty 58 followers SK Pacific Internships Abroad 1,200 followers Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,544,666 followers Foothill College 25,290 followers Real Estate professionals 5,880 members FINANCE JOBS 78,343 members See all See all following
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Donnelly Managing Director, Equity Research, Wells Fargo Securities The Rubinstein-Taybi Syndrome Children's Foundation The George Washington University Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail REAL ESTATE Portfolio Manager on 50+ assets totaling over $5B (1990s dollars). Property types include regional malls, shopping centers, raw land, industrial, multifamily, single family development and hotels. Acquisition/Disposition experience on $2-3B+ of commercial real estate (1990s dollars) CAPITAL MARKETS Capital markets professional on over 200 transactions which have raised in excess of $50B of equity capital. Senior equity research analyst in Real Estate & Lodging industries for 15+ years across numerous property types including self-storage, multifamily, regional malls, shopping centers, net lease, mixed-use, land, hotels, gaming/casino, and timeshare/vacation ownership. Licensed securities professional (Series 7, 63, 87) Charted Financial Analyst (CFA) for 20 years. Specialties: Captial allocation and fundraising, portfolio/asset management team leadership, investment policy, acquisition/disposition. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Jeff’s Articles & Activity 1,795 followers Wells Fargo's REITipedia Jeff Donnelly on LinkedIn See all articles Federal Realty Investment Trust (NYSE: FRT) marketing next Pike & Rose office building to prospective tenants - Washington Business Journal Jeff liked Why is there still a gender pay gap? In a new supplement to “The Girl with the Draggin’ W-2” report, we answer your questions about our research. http://spr.ly/60418YXdL Jeff liked Life Lessons from the Checkout Counter Jeff liked See all activity Experience Trustee & Co-Founder Company Name The Rubinstein-Taybi Syndrome Children's Foundation Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 6 mos The Rubinstein-Taybi Syndrome Children's Foundation is a 501(c)(3) private foundation raised in honor of my son Carter and dedicated to funding scientific research of Rubinstein-Taybi Syndrome. We have raised nearly one quarter of a million dollars to fund family outreach and specific research projects currently underway in the U.S. and Europe.Donations graciously accepted, please visit www.facebook.com/RTSCF or send inquiries to rtschildrensfoundation@gmail.com Senior Equity Research Analyst, Managing Director Company Name Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. Dates Employed Feb 1998 – Present Employment Duration 19 yrs 5 mos Wells Fargo Securities' Real Estate & Lodging Equity Research Member Company Name ICSC Research Task Force Dates Employed 2002 – 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs Vice President Company Name EVEREN Dates Employed 1998 – 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs Predecessor to Wachovia Securities (acquired by First Union Securities in ~2000) and later renamed Wachovia Securities Vice President Company Name Aldrich, Eastman & Waltch, LP Dates Employed 1992 – 1998 Employment Duration 6 yrs Private partnership where I started after finishing undergraduate work; later changed name to AEW Capital Management, LP. See more positions Education The George Washington University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Activities and Societies: Tau Epsilon Phi Francis Scott Key Hall Treasurer (2-3 years) Pre-Med, Minored in Psychology & Economics Acton Boxborough Degree Name High School Field Of Study General Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 Volunteer Experience Founder & Trustee Company Name Rubinstein Taybi Syndrome Children's Foundation Dates volunteered Sep 2010 – Sep 2010 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Health The RTSCF (www.facebook.com/rtscf) is focused upon:(1) Sponsoring the establishment of a medical advisory board to review scientific proposals related to RTS;(2) funding scientific research related to RTS;(3) supporting outreach activities that promote the dissemination of the latest medical and patient care information to physicians, scientists, and families of RTS children. Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 33 endorsements for Investments 33 Investments Endorsed by Douglas A. Funke and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jeff’s colleagues at AEW Capital Management Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 9 endorsements for Capital Markets 9 Capital Markets Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at AEW Capital Management Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management See 35 endorsements for Asset Management 35 Asset Management Endorsed by John Lamb and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Rob Valero Executive Director, Center for Real Estate and Urban Analysis at The George Washington University School of Business April 11, 2009, Jeff worked with Rob but at different companies I have tremendous respect for someone who takes as much personal pride in their work product and performance as Rob does in his. He is exceptionally bright, very loyal, juggling numerous time sensitive matters, and adept at quickly identifying solutions to complex problems and moving to conclusion. For me, Rob is NAREIT -- National Association of REITs -- both the access to the day-to-day inner-workings as well as the public face at its major industry events which I'm sure were significant revenue generators. I think Rob is and will be an asset to an employer worthy of his talents. Robyn Lazara Labor Support and Postpartum Doula, Certified Lactation Counselor at Lavender Labor March 5, 2008, Jeff was senior to Robyn but didn’t manage directly Robyn is a fantastic co-worker -- as a senior analyst at Wachovia, Robyn was critical in not only accessing our sales force but broadcasting our presence through very successful annual conferences and smaller, more frequent marketing events. Beyond the high quality of her work product -- and of greater importance to me -- is her enjoyable personality. She is truly a pleasure to work with... - jd Accomplishments Interests Institutional Real Estate, Inc. 2,319 members Edith CooperEdith Cooper is a LinkedIn Influencer Global Head of Human Capital Management at Goldman Sachs 20,423 followers Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,252 followers Wells Fargo 569,444 followers AEW Capital Management 3,484 followers Acton Boxborough Regional High School Alumni 1,584 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Michael Young Financial Institutions Equity Research SunTrust Robinson Humphrey University of Georgia - Institute for Leadership Advancement Atlanta, Georgia 421 421 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Senior Analyst Company Name SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Atlanta, Georgia Equity Research Associate Company Name SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Atlanta Lead coverage role on Texas community banksPrior experience includes support on financial institutions across the country from super-regional to community banks Investment Banking Summer Analyst Company Name SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Dates Employed 2010 – 2010 Employment Duration less than a year Location Atlanta, GA Education University of Georgia - Institute for Leadership Advancement Degree Name Leonard Leadership Scholar Field Of Study Personal and Organizational Leadership Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 University of Georgia - Terry College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study 1) Banking and Finance; 2) Risk Management & Insurance Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Leonard Leadership Scholar, Vice President Residence Hall Association, Club sports Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 3 endorsements for Financial Modeling 3 Financial Modeling Austin Hodge and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Excel 1 Microsoft Excel Chen Leon (Yilin) has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 1 endorsement for Corporate Finance 1 Corporate Finance Amanda Kurz, LCSW has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Chen Leon (Yilin) Associate Professor of Finance at Minnesota State University May 12, 2010, Chen was Michael’s teacher Very bright student, highly recommend. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Georgia - Terry College of Business 41,227 followers Terry College of Business 3,879 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,670 followers GMT Capital 483 followers Jason CalacanisJason Calacanis is a LinkedIn Influencer entrepreneur, angel investor, writer, father and talk show host. 324,938 followers Equity Research Analysts 20,871 members See all See all following
More Actions Saul has a account Saul Martinez Managing Director, Equity Research, UBS UBS Princeton University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Saul’s Activity 1,189 followers I am retiring from Wellington on June 1. I've loved the associations with colleagues, clients, peers and companies. But after 101 quarters of bank analysis, I'm excited for a sabbatical and a summer of golf, fishing, exercise, reading and family. Then, we'll see what's next. Thanks to everyone! Saul liked See all activity Experience US Financials Research Company Name UBS Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Equity Research Analyst- Latin American Financial Services Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 8 yrs 2 mos Equity Research Company Name Bear Stearns Dates Employed Nov 2000 – May 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs 7 mos Investment Banking Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Oct 1998 – Nov 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Education Princeton University Degree Name Masters in Public Affairs Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1998 University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 45 endorsements for Equity Research 45 Equity Research Endorsed by Andrea Teixeira and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Saul’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 26 endorsements for Equities 26 Equities Endorsed by Dan Raghoonundon and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Saul’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Marcelo Mizrahi Equity Analyst na Ibiuna Investimentos April 9, 2017, Marcelo was a client of Saul’s Marcelo is an excellent investment professional with solid analytical skills and a strong knowledge of banks, especially Brazilian banks. Fabiana Dacosta Senior Vice President at Citi Private Bank September 25, 2011, Saul worked with Fabiana in different groups I enjoyed working with Fabiana. I believe she is a solid professional who is diligent, smart, and works well with others. She enhanced my relationships with various investors. Saul Accomplishments Interests Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,670 followers University of California, Los Angeles 479,061 followers J.P. Morgan 833,567 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members University of California, Los Angeles 512,138 followers Princeton University 121,660 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Olson Sr. Equity Research Analyst at Piper Jaffray Piper Jaffray University of Wisconsin-Madison Minneapolis, Minnesota 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Work hard, work smart and treat people right...words to live by. My objective is to follow this in work and in life. As an analyst (and a person) my goal is to consistently find unique ways to examine the world and make a positive impact. Highlights Experience Sr. Research Analyst - Technology Company Name Piper Jaffray Dates Employed Jul 2001 – Present Employment Duration 16 yrs Mike Olson is a managing director and senior research analyst at Piper Jaffray covering consumer technology & eCommerce. Olson has been with Piper Jaffray covering companies in these industries since 2001 and has authored numerous industry reports, including "Sharing Economy: An In-Depth Look At the Evolution & Trajectory Across Industries," and "The Next Leg of Online Travel." Olson was recognized as the No. 2 earnings estimator in the 2015 Thomson Reuters / StarMine Internet & Catalog Retail category and was ranked in the 2010 Wall Street Journal "Best On The Street" for the Leisure Goods & Services category. Olson holds a bachelor's degree in finance, investment and banking from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Education University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance, Investments, & Banking Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 12 endorsements for Financial Modeling 12 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Neely Tamminga and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Michael’s colleagues at Piper Jaffray Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 9 endorsements for Equity Research 9 Equity Research Endorsed by James Milton Marsh and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Michael’s colleagues at Piper Jaffray Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 6 endorsements for Valuation 6 Valuation Endorsed by Neely Tamminga, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Michael’s colleagues at Piper Jaffray Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Series 7, 63, 86, 87 Interests Piper Jaffray 17,883 followers University of Wisconsin-Madison 295,131 followers Sunil PaulSunil Paul is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-Founder & CEO at Sidecar 102,693 followers University of Wisconsin-Madison 278,420 followers
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Bush Equity Research Analyst at Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments The Ohio State University Fisher College of Business Greater Boston Area 265 265 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Boston Area Equity Research Analyst covering US REITs specializing in industrial, healthcare, and net lease. Equity Research Associate Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed May 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Boston Area Equity Research Associate covering the small and mid-cap transportation universe. Responsible for individual buy/sell recommendations on 50+ companies and industry level research consumed by diversified and sector portfolio managers. Equity Business Associate Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Aug 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater Boston Area Small Cap Equity Research - GeneralistEmerging Markets Corporate Debt Research - GeneralistQuantitative Research Education The Ohio State University Fisher College of Business Degree Name Finance Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Buckeye Capital Investors, Undergraduate Business Council, Undergraduate Finance Association Skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Emerging Markets Emerging Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Equities Equities Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Market Technicians Association 5,853 members Buckeye Alumni Network (The Ohio State University) 43,785 members The Ohio State University Fisher College of Business 39,424 followers Fidelity Investments 311,700 followers The Ohio State University Fisher College of Business 38,182 followers Fisher College of Business Alumni and Friends 17,844 members See all See all following
More Actions Pavel has a account Pavel Molchanov Sr. VP and Equity Research Analyst at Raymond James & Associates Raymond James & Associates Duke University Houston, Texas Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Sr. VP and Equity Research Analyst, Energy Group Company Name Raymond James & Associates Dates Employed Jun 2003 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 1 mo Disclaimer: The Raymond James & Associates employee is not acting in the capacity of a financial advisor and as such will not be effecting or attempting to effect transactions in securities or rendering personalized investment advice for compensation. Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Member New York Stock Exchange/SIPC. Education Duke University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Charlotte Country Day Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 29 endorsements for Financial Modeling 29 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Patrick (Pat) McCullough and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Pavel’s colleagues at Raymond James Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 23 endorsements for Valuation 23 Valuation Endorsed by Najeeb Baqui, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Pavel’s colleagues at Raymond James Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 20 endorsements for Investments 20 Investments Endorsed by Najeeb Baqui, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Pavel’s colleagues at Raymond James Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Christopher Davey President, EnviroMission, Inc. February 26, 2013, Pavel worked with Christopher but at different companies EnviroMission has a unique, differentiated technology platform in the utility-scale solar arena. I have known Chris for the past 3 years, during which time I have tracked EnviroMission's project development progress, and I have been impressed by his ability to successfully navigate the highly competitive industry conditions. Leah Gibson Investor Relations at Vertex Pharmaceuticals February 26, 2013, Pavel worked with Leah but at different companies Leah ably led the IR effort at Satcon during a complex, volatile time in the solar industry. During the 3 years that I had covered the stock, Leah was consistently responsive and diligent. She exhibited strong organizational capabilities in arranging roadshows and investor meetings, and her own contributions to these meetings showed impressive communication skills. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Jigar ShahJigar Shah is a LinkedIn Influencer LinkedIn Top Voice for 2016 - Co-Founder at Generate Capital Inc 386,350 followers Pepperdine Private Capital Markets Project 12,899 members Raymond James 49,046 followers Duke University Alumni Network 39,779 members Duke University 140,493 followers Bill GrossBill Gross is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO of Idealab 328,595 followers See all See all following
More Actions John L. has a account John L. Sullivan, CFA Director of Research and Healthcare Investment Strategist at Leerink Partners, LLC Leerink Partners, LLC Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director of Equity Research and Healthcare Investment Strategist Company Name Leerink Partners, LLC Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs Equity Research Analyst - Life Science Tools, Biotech Company Name Stephens Inc. Dates Employed 2000 – 2004 Employment Duration 4 yrs Equity Research Analyst - Healthcare Services, Medical Devices Company Name Tucker Anthony (now part of Royal Bank of Canada) Dates Employed 1998 – 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs Institutional Equity Sales Company Name Dain Rauscher (now part of Royal Bank of Canada) Dates Employed 1996 – 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs Managing Director - Mortgage Backed Securities Company Name Bear Stearns (now part of JPMorgan Chase) Dates Employed 1992 – 1996 Employment Duration 4 yrs See more positions Education Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1983 Boston University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1982 Volunteer Experience Dean's Advisory Board Member Company Name Boston University School of Public Health Dates volunteered 2017 – Present Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Health Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 22 endorsements for Equity Research 22 Equity Research Endorsed by Raghuram Selvaraju, PhD, MBA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of John L.’s colleagues at Leerink Partners LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 14 endorsements for Investments 14 Investments Endorsed by Raghuram Selvaraju, PhD, MBA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 11 endorsements for Valuation 11 Valuation Endorsed by Raghuram Selvaraju, PhD, MBA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Eileen Durey Research Consultant at Arjuna Capital September 24, 2013, John L. worked with Eileen but at different companies I did business with Eileen for several years when she was a senior equity research analyst at Longwood. My experience with her evaluating healthcare stocks for investment was that her research was deep, her insights accurate, and her investment recommendations most often on the mark. If I had to use a single word to describe Eileen’s work as an equity research analyst, that word would be thorough. Many of Eileen’s colleagues in the equity research community would rely on the opinions of others to form the basis of their own views. Never Eileen. She approached each investment opportunity with a blank page and worked to develop her own understanding that was rooted in a strong knowledge of the company, its industry, its financials, its team, its products and its strategy. With such deep analysis in hand, Eileen could then make an investment recommendation with confidence. Because she knew her stories cold, inevitable market downdrafts presented opportunity rather than anxiety. Eileen’s intelligence, inquisitive personality and capacity for hard work directly led to many attractive equity investment opportunities. She’s a terrific corporate and investment analyst, and a great professional. John Fitzsimons Business Development & Relationship Management | Client Advancement & Sales Strategy | December 23, 2012, John worked with John L. in the same group Jack marketed Leerink Swann's research product very well to demanding institutional investors. His client relationships were as strong as any in our firm, and his devotion to client service was legendary. He approached the research sales role intelligently, professionally and enthusiastically. He positioned analysts well to succeed, and he was especially good at mentoring young analysts in productive institutional marketing. Jack was a great leader for Leerink and I was sorry to see him leave the firm. Accomplishments John L. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Medicaid Drug Rebate Program 1,920 members Boston University 266,565 followers Healthcare Investment Professionals 6,355 members Boston University 281,122 followers Incyte 10,229 followers J. Craig Venter Institute 6,299 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vishal has a account Vishal Jajoo Equity Investment Manager at Tata Investment Corporation (73% subsidiary of Tata Sons) Tata Investment Corporation ICFAI Mumbai Area, India 451 451 connections Send InMail CA, PGDM(Finance), MBA(Investments) with a decade of buy side experience in portfolio management and equity research, tracking multiple sectors. Highlights Experience Equity Investment Manager Company Name Tata Investment Corporation Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Mumbai Area, India • Playing an instrumental role in formulating equity allocation strategy for the financial year• Identifying emerging themes and stocks (within the segments) from an investment perspective • In-depth analysis of annual reports, research reports from brokerages and media coverage of corporates• Interacting with company managements in mid-cap companies and sell-side analysts in large companies and coming out with investment proposals in the form of short reports• Constant endeavour to generate alpha returns through application of various valuation techniques• Reviewing existing investment portfolio (on an ongoing basis) and gauging the impact of change in macro as well as micro trends on the company's future financial performance• Attending investor conferences, analyst meets and conference calls to be abreast with the deviations in expected earnings of corporates• Keeping a close tab on quarterly results and events of companies under investment• Constant endeavour to align the investment strategy as per the budgeted allocation proposed to the Board Members• Effectively documenting each and every process right from theme identification to a quarterly result update/event update to align with methodology suggested by Tata Business Excellence Model• Expressing views on the media regularly Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Nirmal Bang Securities Pvt. Ltd. Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Mumbai • Keeping a close tab on the macro-economic parameters • Coming out with thematic ideas on event-specific basis• Devising a portfolio allocation strategy • Reviewing client’s portfolio and providing advisory services on an individual basis; devising a model portfolio• Conducting secondary research on large-cap stocks and primary research on mid-cap stocks• Interacting with company managements and coming out with stock ideas in the form of research reports• Germinating new stock ideas for the proprietary investment book; focusing on generating alpha returns in comparison to the benchmark indices• Attending AGMs, analyst meets and conference calls to update the report• Keeping a close tab on key commodities and analyzing their impact on the share price performance• Framing the investment strategy at various points of time• Expressing views on the media regularly and taking a part in the organisation’s branding initiative• Addressing seminars at various locations to tap prospects as well as mine existing clients Research Analyst Company Name Centrum Capital Ltd Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Mumbai Area, India Working as a Research Analyst and reporting to the Fund Manager (PMS), FCH Centrum Wealth Managers Ltd. Responsibilities include: • Review results of companies and use the derived output as a starting point for fundamental research • Visiting and interacting with company managements• Attending Analyst meets, Conference Calls, Annual General Meetings(AGMs) to get insights about the company as well as the industry• Preparing financial models for companies under research using various valuation techniques• Generating investment ideas based on fundamental factors for both short term(momentum) portfolio and long term portfolio • Writing detailed research reports on the companies outlining the investment rationale• Assessment of impact of daily news-flow • Dynamically updating price targets based on confidence factor on covered stocks, so as to influence Fund Manager’s overall ranking of ideas and to drive buy/sell decisions• Updating existing financial models for companies under coverage• Developing unique research insights by conducting fundamental as well as bottom-up stock analysis on companies• Building value-added relationships with company managements over a period of time• Assisting the Fund Manager in designing the Model Portfolio with an aim to outperform the broader indices Equity Research Analyst Company Name Darashaw & Co. Pvt. Ltd. Dates Employed 2007 – 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Education ICFAI Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Investments Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Symbiosis International University Degree Name PGDM Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Institute of Chartered Accountants of India Degree Name Chartered Accountant Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 10 endorsements for Equity Research 10 Equity Research Endorsed by Urmil Shah, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 7 endorsements for Valuation 7 Valuation Endorsed by Vijay Harpalani and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 7 endorsements for Equities 7 Equities Endorsed by Vijay Harpalani and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Parth Lakhani, MBA, M.Comm., CPA Candidate Senior Financial Analyst September 14, 2014, Vishal worked with Parth but at different companies Parth is a focused person who, on one hand has a keen eye on the Balance Sheet and on the other hand, keeps a hawkish stance on the P&L...a keen achiever and a level headed guy who has miles to go in his career.... Accomplishments Interests The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 212,582 followers Symbiosis International University 49,299 followers Symbiosis International University 50,280 followers The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 225,462 followers
More Actions Troy has a account Troy Marchand Managing Partner & Founder at Foundry Capital Group Foundry Capital Group Indiana University - Kelley School of Business Indianapolis, Indiana Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Foundry Capital Group is the manager of the Foundry Mezzanine Opportunity Fund, LP and the Foundry Value Fund, LP. The Value Fund seeks to identify stocks with a large margin of safety, while identifying potential catalysts to unlock hidden value. We employ an opportunistic special situations and deep value-oriented framework. The Mezzanine Fund looks to invest opportunistically in private loans to small businesses, while being strong partners to the businesses we provide capital. Our mandate is very wide and includes, bridge loans, merchant cash advances, factoring receivables, PO financing, preferred equity, convertible bonds, etc. Disclosure: This is not an advertisement or solicitation to sell anything. The fund only accepts investments from accredited investors. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Partner & Founder Company Name Foundry Capital Group Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Indianapolis, Indiana Area Manager to the Foundry Value Fund and Foundry Mezzanine Opportunity Fund. Chairman of the Young Professional Advisory Board Company Name Children's Bureau, Inc Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Indianapolis, Indiana Area Honorary board member of the Children's Bureau (representing the YPAB) Member of Advisory Board Company Name Gifted Custom Art Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Indianapolis, Indiana Area Member Board of Directors Company Name Salt on Mass Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Indianapolis, Indiana Area Upscale seafood restaurant in the heart of Mass Ave Member Board of Directors Company Name Hi Tech Veneer, Inc Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr See more positions Education Indiana University - Kelley School of Business Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Finance- Honors Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Co-Founder and Executive of the IU-I Investment Club, IUPUI Men's Varsity Soccer Team Dean's list every semester.Academic All-Conference 2004-2007. Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 40 endorsements for Equities 40 Equities Endorsed by Jacob Wolinsky and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Troy’s colleagues at Financial Enhancement Group, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 39 endorsements for Investments 39 Investments Endorsed by Chris DeMuth Jr and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Troy’s colleagues at Financial Enhancement Group, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 37 endorsements for Equity Research 37 Equity Research Endorsed by Jacob Wolinsky, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Troy’s colleagues at Financial Enhancement Group, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Trey Buck Sr. Product Manager at Blackboard May 9, 2010, Trey worked with Troy but at different companies Troy has an ability to drive value in every setting. From organizing and running networking groups to starting his own business, Troy finds ways to make himself and his circle of influence better everyday. He is always concerned, considerate, and deeply passionate about the success of those around him and is always willing to sacrifice his time and energy to improve the lives of others. Troy has great business sense, and combined with an affinity for self-awareness and humility, he stands out as a friend, leader, and agent of change in my mind. Scott Meyer Senior VP of Healthcare Real Estate at Vivizer Healthcare Consulting Group April 7, 2010, Scott was a client of Troy’s I have only know Troy for a short time but he has continued to impress me with his work ethic and knowledge of his industry. His networking ability is very impressive and will be a very successful business consultant in the Indy area for the long haul. His knowledge of his business and ability to communicate his knowledge is second to none. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Troy has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication SPAC Weekly 8-17-2015 Interests Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,544,676 followers Baker Street Capital Management 75 followers Venture Club of Indiana, Inc. 141 followers Value Investing Congress 12,891 members Glacier Peak Capital 45 followers Impact & Alternative Investment Forum 113 members See all See all following
More Actions Yale has a account Yale Jen Managing Director, Senior Biotech Analyst at Laidlaw and company Laidlaw and company Fuhsing high school New York, New York 287 287 connections Send InMail Senior equity research analyst covers biotechnology and specialty pharmaceutical companies. Coverage encompasses broad market caps ranging from $50 million to $50 billion. Research emphases include: niche orphan indications, oncology, infectious diseases cardiovascular and other therapeutic areas. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director, Senior Biotech Analyst Company Name Laidlaw and company Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location New York City Senior equity research analyst Company Name Roth Capital Partners Dates Employed Mar 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location New York City SVP & Senior Biotech and China Healthcare Analyst Company Name Maxim Group Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location New York City Associate Analyst Company Name Rodman and Renshaw Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Nov 2007 Employment Duration 10 mos Location New York City Principal Company Name HealthVest Dates Employed May 2006 – Jan 2007 Employment Duration 9 mos See more positions Education Fuhsing high school Weill Medical College of Cornell University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Rutgers University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Featured Skills & Endorsements Oncology See 10 endorsements for Oncology 10 Oncology Endorsed by Anthony Maida, Ph.D., MA, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Yale’s colleagues at ROTH Capital Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 10 endorsements for Equity Research 10 Equity Research Endorsed by Cynthia Whitney, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Yale’s colleagues at ROTH Capital Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 6 endorsements for Equities 6 Equities Endorsed by Jeff Sklar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Yale’s colleagues at ROTH Capital Partners Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Yale has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Chinese Interests BIO CEO & Investor Conference 1,180 members Rutgers University 267,982 followers Joan & Sanford I. Weill Medical College of Cornell University 3,984 followers China Healthcare Investment Forum (中国医疗健康投资论坛) 2,845 members Institutional Investor 21,734 members Sio Capital Management LLC 153 followers See all See all following
More Actions John Robert has a account John Robert Bizzell Vice President, Equity Research Analyst at Stephens Inc. Stephens Inc. Rhodes College Little Rock, Arkansas 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President, Equity Research Analyst Company Name Stephens Inc. Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Little Rock, Arkansas Equity Research Associate at Stephens Inc. Company Name Stephens Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Graduate Student Company Name University of Arkansas at Little Rock Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Sales Representative Company Name ConMed Linvatec Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Arthroscopy, Endoscopy, & Powered Instruments Education Rhodes College Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Varsity Baseball (4 year starter) University of Arkansas at Little Rock Field Of Study Master of Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rhodes College Alumni 2,255 members Stephens Inc. 5,771 followers Rhodes College 15,566 followers University of Arkansas at Little Rock 35,607 followers SE Energy, LLC 49 followers Rhodes College 12,407 followers
More Actions Erinn has a account Erinn Murphy Principal, Sr. Research Analyst at Piper Jaffray Piper Jaffray Calvin College Houston, Texas Area 304 304 connections Send InMail • Financial professional with a proven track record of top performance • Acute analytical skills leveraged with a background in equity research and energy markets • Proficient in French and conversant in Arabic complemented by several years of international experience • Effective leadership skills through maintaining collaborative relationships and strong interpersonal communication • Proven ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment Specialties: Consumer equity research experience with particular expertise in specialty retail and apparel industries; financial modeling and forecasting; stock valuation; research report writing; consumer shopping behavior analysis; proven ability to communicate ideas effectively with institutional clients and company management teams; linguistic skills (French & Arabic); diverse international experiences including 14 years of living abroad; holder of NASD Series 7, 63, 86, 87. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal, Sr. Research Analyst Company Name Piper Jaffray Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos • Lead senior analyst on two-analyst team covering 21 stocks across the Global Fashion & Lifestyle branded sector including NKE, UA, VFC, RL, COH, KORS, GPRO, FIT, FOSL• Author an average of 300+ company & industry notes per year leveraging thematic work• Recognized by Institutional Investor as "Rising Star" on All-American Research Team in 2013• Multi-year delegate at World Retail Congress (2012, 2013, 2014) Equity Research Analyst Company Name Piper Jaffray Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Houston, TX • Consumer equity research analyst covering teen/youth specialty retailers Senior Supply Planner, US Gulf Coast & NE Portfolio Company Name ExxonMobil Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Houston, TX • Responsible for developing and executing natural gas sales plan for US Gulf Coast & Northeast equity portfolio • Identified and captured portfolio optimizations including transportation opportunities, market selection and arbitrage • Coordinated daily operational meetings between Logistics Analysts and Traders; served as key interface between Gas Marketing & Production• Led integrated-business team for start-up of Marcellus natural gas marketing and longer-term marketing strategy Regional Supply Manager/Senior Negotiator Company Name ExxonMobil Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Houston, Texas Area • Procured natural gas for ExxonMobil’s U.S. refineries including the two largest sites• Managed multi-million dollar natural gas supply through contract origination and execution of daily and monthly natural gas trades• Negotiated commercial terms in longer-term supply contracts between ExxonMobil and third-party suppliers• Monitored and analyzed natural gas price trends to capitalize on potential cost-savings opportunities for existing refinery supply• Collaborated with refinery personnel, equity production traders, in-house legal, third-party suppliers to develop effective natural gas purchase strategies • Gathered and presented natural gas fundamentals for weekly team meetings focusing on macro-economic and industry-specific drivers• Reconciled and reported monthly natural gas demand forecast with actual natural gas demand for each refinery site Equity Research Analyst Company Name Piper Jaffray Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs • Covered specialty retail and personal care stocks including women’s apparel, home furnishings and beauty • Assisted Senior Analyst in expanding coverage universe from 14 to 23 companies • Maintained, analyzed and forecasted financial models • Generated company reports explaining analyses and investment theses in addition to various industry reports • Interacted with institutional clients, company management teams, internal sales and trading force on a daily basis • Presented research findings in the form of “stock calls” on the morning sales and trading call • Assumed additional leadership responsibilities while Senior Analyst was on extended parental leave • Trained and mentored new associate analyst on team • Received top-tier Junior Analyst rating during last three years of position See more positions Education Calvin College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics, French Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Participant in International Students Association Committee (ISAC), Teachers' Assistant for History Department, Middle East events publicity coordinator on campus, Hekman Library employee, Long-distance running Recipient of Calvin College Dean’s Academic Scholarship; Cumulative G.P.A. 3.78 (4.0); Overseas study abroad program at Université Stendhal Grenoble 3 for advanced French language and cultural studies. American-British Academy Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 3 endorsements for Financial Modeling 3 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Erinn’s colleagues at Piper Jaffray Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 3 endorsements for Investments 3 Investments Troy L. Huff and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 3 endorsements for Financial Analysis 3 Financial Analysis Troy L. Huff and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Piper Jaffray 17,883 followers Calvin College 25,242 followers Calvin College 25,901 followers
More Actions Troy has a account Troy Marchand Managing Partner & Founder at Foundry Capital Group Foundry Capital Group Indiana University - Kelley School of Business Indianapolis, Indiana Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Foundry Capital Group is the manager of the Foundry Mezzanine Opportunity Fund, LP and the Foundry Value Fund, LP. The Value Fund seeks to identify stocks with a large margin of safety, while identifying potential catalysts to unlock hidden value. We employ an opportunistic special situations and deep value-oriented framework. The Mezzanine Fund looks to invest opportunistically in private loans to small businesses, while being strong partners to the businesses we provide capital. Our mandate is very wide and includes, bridge loans, merchant cash advances, factoring receivables, PO financing, preferred equity, convertible bonds, etc. Disclosure: This is not an advertisement or solicitation to sell anything. The fund only accepts investments from accredited investors. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Partner & Founder Company Name Foundry Capital Group Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Indianapolis, Indiana Area Manager to the Foundry Value Fund and Foundry Mezzanine Opportunity Fund. Chairman of the Young Professional Advisory Board Company Name Children's Bureau, Inc Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Indianapolis, Indiana Area Honorary board member of the Children's Bureau (representing the YPAB) Member of Advisory Board Company Name Gifted Custom Art Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Indianapolis, Indiana Area Member Board of Directors Company Name Salt on Mass Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Indianapolis, Indiana Area Upscale seafood restaurant in the heart of Mass Ave Member Board of Directors Company Name Hi Tech Veneer, Inc Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr See more positions Education Indiana University - Kelley School of Business Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Finance- Honors Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Co-Founder and Executive of the IU-I Investment Club, IUPUI Men's Varsity Soccer Team Dean's list every semester.Academic All-Conference 2004-2007. Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 40 endorsements for Equities 40 Equities Endorsed by Jacob Wolinsky and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Troy’s colleagues at Financial Enhancement Group, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 39 endorsements for Investments 39 Investments Endorsed by Chris DeMuth Jr and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Troy’s colleagues at Financial Enhancement Group, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 37 endorsements for Equity Research 37 Equity Research Endorsed by Jacob Wolinsky, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Troy’s colleagues at Financial Enhancement Group, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Trey Buck Sr. Product Manager at Blackboard May 9, 2010, Trey worked with Troy but at different companies Troy has an ability to drive value in every setting. From organizing and running networking groups to starting his own business, Troy finds ways to make himself and his circle of influence better everyday. He is always concerned, considerate, and deeply passionate about the success of those around him and is always willing to sacrifice his time and energy to improve the lives of others. Troy has great business sense, and combined with an affinity for self-awareness and humility, he stands out as a friend, leader, and agent of change in my mind. Scott Meyer Senior VP of Healthcare Real Estate at Vivizer Healthcare Consulting Group April 7, 2010, Scott was a client of Troy’s I have only know Troy for a short time but he has continued to impress me with his work ethic and knowledge of his industry. His networking ability is very impressive and will be a very successful business consultant in the Indy area for the long haul. His knowledge of his business and ability to communicate his knowledge is second to none. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Troy has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication SPAC Weekly 8-17-2015 Interests Venture Club of Indiana, Inc. 141 followers Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members Gifted Custom Art 50 followers ValueWalk 321 members USA Truck, Inc. 8,237 followers Foundry Capital Group 30 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vishal has a account Vishal Jajoo Equity Investment Manager at Tata Investment Corporation (73% subsidiary of Tata Sons) Tata Investment Corporation ICFAI Mumbai Area, India 451 451 connections Send InMail CA, PGDM(Finance), MBA(Investments) with a decade of buy side experience in portfolio management and equity research, tracking multiple sectors. Highlights Experience Equity Investment Manager Company Name Tata Investment Corporation Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Mumbai Area, India • Playing an instrumental role in formulating equity allocation strategy for the financial year• Identifying emerging themes and stocks (within the segments) from an investment perspective • In-depth analysis of annual reports, research reports from brokerages and media coverage of corporates• Interacting with company managements in mid-cap companies and sell-side analysts in large companies and coming out with investment proposals in the form of short reports• Constant endeavour to generate alpha returns through application of various valuation techniques• Reviewing existing investment portfolio (on an ongoing basis) and gauging the impact of change in macro as well as micro trends on the company's future financial performance• Attending investor conferences, analyst meets and conference calls to be abreast with the deviations in expected earnings of corporates• Keeping a close tab on quarterly results and events of companies under investment• Constant endeavour to align the investment strategy as per the budgeted allocation proposed to the Board Members• Effectively documenting each and every process right from theme identification to a quarterly result update/event update to align with methodology suggested by Tata Business Excellence Model• Expressing views on the media regularly Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Nirmal Bang Securities Pvt. Ltd. Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Mumbai • Keeping a close tab on the macro-economic parameters • Coming out with thematic ideas on event-specific basis• Devising a portfolio allocation strategy • Reviewing client’s portfolio and providing advisory services on an individual basis; devising a model portfolio• Conducting secondary research on large-cap stocks and primary research on mid-cap stocks• Interacting with company managements and coming out with stock ideas in the form of research reports• Germinating new stock ideas for the proprietary investment book; focusing on generating alpha returns in comparison to the benchmark indices• Attending AGMs, analyst meets and conference calls to update the report• Keeping a close tab on key commodities and analyzing their impact on the share price performance• Framing the investment strategy at various points of time• Expressing views on the media regularly and taking a part in the organisation’s branding initiative• Addressing seminars at various locations to tap prospects as well as mine existing clients Research Analyst Company Name Centrum Capital Ltd Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Mumbai Area, India Working as a Research Analyst and reporting to the Fund Manager (PMS), FCH Centrum Wealth Managers Ltd. Responsibilities include: • Review results of companies and use the derived output as a starting point for fundamental research • Visiting and interacting with company managements• Attending Analyst meets, Conference Calls, Annual General Meetings(AGMs) to get insights about the company as well as the industry• Preparing financial models for companies under research using various valuation techniques• Generating investment ideas based on fundamental factors for both short term(momentum) portfolio and long term portfolio • Writing detailed research reports on the companies outlining the investment rationale• Assessment of impact of daily news-flow • Dynamically updating price targets based on confidence factor on covered stocks, so as to influence Fund Manager’s overall ranking of ideas and to drive buy/sell decisions• Updating existing financial models for companies under coverage• Developing unique research insights by conducting fundamental as well as bottom-up stock analysis on companies• Building value-added relationships with company managements over a period of time• Assisting the Fund Manager in designing the Model Portfolio with an aim to outperform the broader indices Equity Research Analyst Company Name Darashaw & Co. Pvt. Ltd. Dates Employed 2007 – 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Education ICFAI Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Investments Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Symbiosis International University Degree Name PGDM Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Institute of Chartered Accountants of India Degree Name Chartered Accountant Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 10 endorsements for Equity Research 10 Equity Research Endorsed by Urmil Shah, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 7 endorsements for Valuation 7 Valuation Endorsed by Vijay Harpalani and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 7 endorsements for Equities 7 Equities Endorsed by Vijay Harpalani and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Parth Lakhani, MBA, M.Comm., CPA Candidate Senior Financial Analyst September 14, 2014, Vishal worked with Parth but at different companies Parth is a focused person who, on one hand has a keen eye on the Balance Sheet and on the other hand, keeps a hawkish stance on the P&L...a keen achiever and a level headed guy who has miles to go in his career.... Accomplishments Interests Symbiosis International University 49,299 followers Symbiosis International University 50,280 followers The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 225,462 followers The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 212,582 followers
More Actions Yale has a account Yale Jen Managing Director, Senior Biotech Analyst at Laidlaw and company Laidlaw and company Fuhsing high school New York, New York 287 287 connections Send InMail Senior equity research analyst covers biotechnology and specialty pharmaceutical companies. Coverage encompasses broad market caps ranging from $50 million to $50 billion. Research emphases include: niche orphan indications, oncology, infectious diseases cardiovascular and other therapeutic areas. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director, Senior Biotech Analyst Company Name Laidlaw and company Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location New York City Senior equity research analyst Company Name Roth Capital Partners Dates Employed Mar 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location New York City SVP & Senior Biotech and China Healthcare Analyst Company Name Maxim Group Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location New York City Associate Analyst Company Name Rodman and Renshaw Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Nov 2007 Employment Duration 10 mos Location New York City Principal Company Name HealthVest Dates Employed May 2006 – Jan 2007 Employment Duration 9 mos See more positions Education Fuhsing high school Weill Medical College of Cornell University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Rutgers University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Featured Skills & Endorsements Oncology See 10 endorsements for Oncology 10 Oncology Endorsed by Anthony Maida, Ph.D., MA, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Yale’s colleagues at ROTH Capital Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 10 endorsements for Equity Research 10 Equity Research Endorsed by Cynthia Whitney, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Yale’s colleagues at ROTH Capital Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 6 endorsements for Equities 6 Equities Endorsed by Jeff Sklar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Yale’s colleagues at ROTH Capital Partners Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Yale has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Chinese Interests Sio Capital Management LLC 153 followers ROTH Capital Partners 3,321 followers Questcor Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 3,564 followers T. Rowe Price 50,282 followers Rutgers University 303,122 followers Joan & Sanford I. Weill Medical College of Cornell University 3,788 followers See all See all following
More Actions John Robert has a account John Robert Bizzell Vice President, Equity Research Analyst at Stephens Inc. Stephens Inc. Rhodes College Little Rock, Arkansas 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President, Equity Research Analyst Company Name Stephens Inc. Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Little Rock, Arkansas Equity Research Associate at Stephens Inc. Company Name Stephens Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Graduate Student Company Name University of Arkansas at Little Rock Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Sales Representative Company Name ConMed Linvatec Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Arthroscopy, Endoscopy, & Powered Instruments Education Rhodes College Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Varsity Baseball (4 year starter) University of Arkansas at Little Rock Field Of Study Master of Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rhodes College 15,566 followers Rhodes College 12,407 followers Rhodes College Alumni 2,255 members University of Arkansas at Little Rock 35,607 followers Stephens Inc. 5,771 followers SE Energy, LLC 49 followers
More Actions Bryan has a account Bryan Bergin, CFA, CPA Equity Research - IT & Business Services Cowen and Company (acquired Dahlman Rose & Co.) University of Delaware New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail CPA , CFA Charterholder Series 7, 63, 86 & 87 - Equity Research Analyst - IT & Business Services. Previously focused on Engineering & Construction and Metals & Mining (Coal, Uranium, Steel, Iron ore, Copper, Aluminum, Rare earths & Lithium). - Securities analysis - Financial modeling - Investment strategy - Financial, Operational and Compliance audits focused on Capital Markets: Investment Advisor, Asset Management, Sales and Trading (Equities, Fixed Income, Deriatives), and Investment Banking businesses. - Technical Accounting - Financial Statements: SEC reporting requirements - Consulting - Research - Risk Management - Budgeting See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name Cowen and Company (acquired Dahlman Rose & Co.) Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location New York Fundamental research of the IT & Business Services sectors (previously Engineering & Construction and Metals & Mining industries) and financial statement analysis of related companies; financial modeling; preparation of external and internal research reports and other documents to communicate investment ideas, news events and opinions regarding security analysis. Assistant Vice President Company Name Jefferies & Company, Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location New York Plan, organize and carry out the internal audit function including the preparation of an audit plan, coordination of logistics with clients, completion of fieldwork and report writing. Experienced Senior Company Name Deloitte & Touche LLP Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Gained industry experience by providing audit and consulting services to publicly and privately held clients. Industry exposure includes major financial service firms, primarily broker dealers and clearing broker dealers. Distributed Resource Management Intern Company Name KeySpan Energy Corporation Dates Employed May 2004 – Aug 2004 Employment Duration 4 mos Assisted with monthly financial transactions and contract administration pertaining to independent power generation plants across Long Island, and streamlined spreadsheet applications to prepare system for audit. Education University of Delaware Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting/MIS Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Alpha Tau Omega Beta Alpha Psi University of Delaware Honors Program University of Delaware - Lerner College of Business and Economics Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 17 endorsements for Financial Modeling 17 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Justin Fishman, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Bryan’s colleagues at Cowen and Company Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 6 endorsements for Capital Markets 6 Capital Markets Jessica Curran and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Services See 5 endorsements for Financial Services 5 Financial Services Justin Fishman, CFA and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Delaware 123,851 followers Robotic Process Automation (RPA) 7,811 members CFA Program Candidates 215,077 members Information Technology Industry (TGL) 438 members Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Algorithmic Traders Association: CTA & Quant Funds System Trading | Stocks, Futures, Forex, Options 175,276 members See all See all following
More Actions Anup has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Anup Patel Senior Fundamental Equity Research Analyst for Consumer Retail and Packaged Goods Millennium Partners Rutgers University-New Brunswick New York, New York 274 274 connections InMail Senior Fundamental Equity Research Analyst covering the consumer goods and retail sectors at a $35 billion hedge fund. Highlights Follow Follow Anup’s Activity 274 followers The Brain Literally Starts Eating Itself When It Doesn't Get Enough Sleep (ScienceAlert) Anup liked See all activity Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Millennium Partners Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location New York City Senior Fundamental Equity Research Analyst for Consumer Retail and Packaged Goods at $35 billion hedge fundFundamental research coverage of the following sectors within the consumer space: Natural Food, Beverages, Tobacco, Restaurants, Food Retail, Distributors, Discounters, Dollar Stores, Beauty Retail Fundamental Equity and Credit Research Analyst for Consumer Retail, Packaged Goods, Airlines Company Name Carlson Capital, L.P. Dates Employed Sep 2007 – May 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Analyst promoted to Senior Analyst during tenure at $8bn hedge fund2011-2012: Senior Fundamental Equity Research Analyst for Consumer Retail and Packaged Goods2007 - 2011: Fundamental Credit and Equity Research analyst for the Airline and Aerospace Sectors Investment Banking Analyst - Global Industrials Group Company Name Citi Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location New York, NY Education Rutgers University-New Brunswick Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Coxswain for Rutgers Heavyweight Crew (2002-2006) Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 2 endorsements for Equities 2 Equities Julian Izant and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 1 endorsement for Financial Modeling 1 Financial Modeling Julian Izant has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds Hedge Funds No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Truenorth Executive Search, Inc. 23,134 followers Walmart Global eCommerce 124,376 followers Insomnia Cookies 3,337 followers Amazon 2,278,704 followers Hedgeable 877 followers Millennium Management 13,430 followers See all See all following
More Actions Erinn has a account Erinn Murphy Principal, Sr. Research Analyst at Piper Jaffray Piper Jaffray Calvin College Houston, Texas Area 304 304 connections Send InMail • Financial professional with a proven track record of top performance • Acute analytical skills leveraged with a background in equity research and energy markets • Proficient in French and conversant in Arabic complemented by several years of international experience • Effective leadership skills through maintaining collaborative relationships and strong interpersonal communication • Proven ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment Specialties: Consumer equity research experience with particular expertise in specialty retail and apparel industries; financial modeling and forecasting; stock valuation; research report writing; consumer shopping behavior analysis; proven ability to communicate ideas effectively with institutional clients and company management teams; linguistic skills (French & Arabic); diverse international experiences including 14 years of living abroad; holder of NASD Series 7, 63, 86, 87. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal, Sr. Research Analyst Company Name Piper Jaffray Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos • Lead senior analyst on two-analyst team covering 21 stocks across the Global Fashion & Lifestyle branded sector including NKE, UA, VFC, RL, COH, KORS, GPRO, FIT, FOSL• Author an average of 300+ company & industry notes per year leveraging thematic work• Recognized by Institutional Investor as "Rising Star" on All-American Research Team in 2013• Multi-year delegate at World Retail Congress (2012, 2013, 2014) Equity Research Analyst Company Name Piper Jaffray Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Houston, TX • Consumer equity research analyst covering teen/youth specialty retailers Senior Supply Planner, US Gulf Coast & NE Portfolio Company Name ExxonMobil Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Houston, TX • Responsible for developing and executing natural gas sales plan for US Gulf Coast & Northeast equity portfolio • Identified and captured portfolio optimizations including transportation opportunities, market selection and arbitrage • Coordinated daily operational meetings between Logistics Analysts and Traders; served as key interface between Gas Marketing & Production• Led integrated-business team for start-up of Marcellus natural gas marketing and longer-term marketing strategy Regional Supply Manager/Senior Negotiator Company Name ExxonMobil Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Houston, Texas Area • Procured natural gas for ExxonMobil’s U.S. refineries including the two largest sites• Managed multi-million dollar natural gas supply through contract origination and execution of daily and monthly natural gas trades• Negotiated commercial terms in longer-term supply contracts between ExxonMobil and third-party suppliers• Monitored and analyzed natural gas price trends to capitalize on potential cost-savings opportunities for existing refinery supply• Collaborated with refinery personnel, equity production traders, in-house legal, third-party suppliers to develop effective natural gas purchase strategies • Gathered and presented natural gas fundamentals for weekly team meetings focusing on macro-economic and industry-specific drivers• Reconciled and reported monthly natural gas demand forecast with actual natural gas demand for each refinery site Equity Research Analyst Company Name Piper Jaffray Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs • Covered specialty retail and personal care stocks including women’s apparel, home furnishings and beauty • Assisted Senior Analyst in expanding coverage universe from 14 to 23 companies • Maintained, analyzed and forecasted financial models • Generated company reports explaining analyses and investment theses in addition to various industry reports • Interacted with institutional clients, company management teams, internal sales and trading force on a daily basis • Presented research findings in the form of “stock calls” on the morning sales and trading call • Assumed additional leadership responsibilities while Senior Analyst was on extended parental leave • Trained and mentored new associate analyst on team • Received top-tier Junior Analyst rating during last three years of position See more positions Education Calvin College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics, French Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Participant in International Students Association Committee (ISAC), Teachers' Assistant for History Department, Middle East events publicity coordinator on campus, Hekman Library employee, Long-distance running Recipient of Calvin College Dean’s Academic Scholarship; Cumulative G.P.A. 3.78 (4.0); Overseas study abroad program at Université Stendhal Grenoble 3 for advanced French language and cultural studies. American-British Academy Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 3 endorsements for Financial Modeling 3 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Erinn’s colleagues at Piper Jaffray Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 3 endorsements for Investments 3 Investments Troy L. Huff and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 3 endorsements for Financial Analysis 3 Financial Analysis Troy L. Huff and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Piper Jaffray 17,883 followers Calvin College 25,901 followers Calvin College 25,242 followers
More Actions John L. has a account John L. Sullivan, CFA Director of Research and Healthcare Investment Strategist at Leerink Partners, LLC Leerink Partners, LLC Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director of Equity Research and Healthcare Investment Strategist Company Name Leerink Partners, LLC Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs Equity Research Analyst - Life Science Tools, Biotech Company Name Stephens Inc. Dates Employed 2000 – 2004 Employment Duration 4 yrs Equity Research Analyst - Healthcare Services, Medical Devices Company Name Tucker Anthony (now part of Royal Bank of Canada) Dates Employed 1998 – 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs Institutional Equity Sales Company Name Dain Rauscher (now part of Royal Bank of Canada) Dates Employed 1996 – 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs Managing Director - Mortgage Backed Securities Company Name Bear Stearns (now part of JPMorgan Chase) Dates Employed 1992 – 1996 Employment Duration 4 yrs See more positions Education Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1983 Boston University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1982 Volunteer Experience Dean's Advisory Board Member Company Name Boston University School of Public Health Dates volunteered 2017 – Present Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Health Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 22 endorsements for Equity Research 22 Equity Research Endorsed by Raghuram Selvaraju, PhD, MBA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of John L.’s colleagues at Leerink Partners LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 14 endorsements for Investments 14 Investments Endorsed by Raghuram Selvaraju, PhD, MBA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 11 endorsements for Valuation 11 Valuation Endorsed by Raghuram Selvaraju, PhD, MBA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Eileen Durey Research Consultant at Arjuna Capital September 24, 2013, John L. worked with Eileen but at different companies I did business with Eileen for several years when she was a senior equity research analyst at Longwood. My experience with her evaluating healthcare stocks for investment was that her research was deep, her insights accurate, and her investment recommendations most often on the mark. If I had to use a single word to describe Eileen’s work as an equity research analyst, that word would be thorough. Many of Eileen’s colleagues in the equity research community would rely on the opinions of others to form the basis of their own views. Never Eileen. She approached each investment opportunity with a blank page and worked to develop her own understanding that was rooted in a strong knowledge of the company, its industry, its financials, its team, its products and its strategy. With such deep analysis in hand, Eileen could then make an investment recommendation with confidence. Because she knew her stories cold, inevitable market downdrafts presented opportunity rather than anxiety. Eileen’s intelligence, inquisitive personality and capacity for hard work directly led to many attractive equity investment opportunities. She’s a terrific corporate and investment analyst, and a great professional. John Fitzsimons Business Development & Relationship Management | Client Advancement & Sales Strategy | December 23, 2012, John worked with John L. in the same group Jack marketed Leerink Swann's research product very well to demanding institutional investors. His client relationships were as strong as any in our firm, and his devotion to client service was legendary. He approached the research sales role intelligently, professionally and enthusiastically. He positioned analysts well to succeed, and he was especially good at mentoring young analysts in productive institutional marketing. Jack was a great leader for Leerink and I was sorry to see him leave the firm. Accomplishments John L. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Boston University 281,122 followers Massachusetts Life Sciences Start-up Initiative - MALSI 3,424 members Biotech Invest 409 members Healthcare Investment Professionals 6,355 members Boston University 266,565 followers Sandoz 201,373 followers See all See all following
More Actions Connor has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Connor Waterous Energy Private Equity Associate at KKR KKR Harvard University New York, New York 410 410 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Private Equity Associate - Energy Company Name KKR Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location New York City • Work to deploy and manage approximately $12 billion in assets under management dedicated to energy and infrastructure, through investments ranging from corporate leverage buyouts, drilling joint ventures, high yield and mezzanine credit, and long-term, contracted infrastructure projects.• Performed extensive diligence in the evaluation of a $5 billion joint venture between KKR, Veresen and Encana to construct midstream natural gas processing, compression and gathering infrastructure for Encana’s Montney assets.• Aided in the negotiation of series of complex agreements governing the 30 year contract between Encana and KKR, including a midstream services agreement, construction services agreement, operating services agreement, and purchase and sale agreement. Private Equity Summer Analyst - Energy Company Name The Blackstone Group Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location New York City • Hired as the firm’s first private equity summer analyst dedicated to energy, working exclusively to help deploy and manage capital from Blackstone Energy Partners, a $2.5 billion fund dedicated to energy investments.• Performed comprehensive due diligence on multiple prospective energy investments, including investments in upstream oil and gas, oilfield services, and mining, across North America, Latin America, and the Middle East.• Worked with management teams, investment bankers, management consultants, engineering consultants, and lawyers throughout the diligence process to help form the firm’s investment theses.• Built several operating and leveraged buyout models for prospective investments, as well as a detailed oil and gas development model for a current portfolio investment. Investment Banking Summer Analyst - Energy Company Name Barclays Dates Employed May 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Calgary, Canada • Worked from engagement to preliminary bid on $2.2 billion joint venture between PetroChina and Encana to develop acreage in the Duvernay basin, including asset overview, valuation, and JV structuring. • Developed a new valuation model for upstream oil and gas assets, robust to multiple type curves, areas, and price decks. • Led the design of a new royalty model, which more efficiently and accurately calculated Alberta royalties given price, quantity produced, depth, and applicable incentive programs. • Created numerous resource play overviews, highlighting geological characteristics, industry activity, and cost structures. President and Founder Company Name U4U Dates Employed Sep 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos • Led the development of a social network for college students in Boston, providing online postings for events, study groups, and marketplace items. Summer Intern Company Name United Nations Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 2 mos • Organized group programs, wrote pamphlets for visitors, and helped market the Model United Nations program for high school students. Education Harvard University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 • Magna Cum Laude in Economics• Phi Beta Kappa• John Harvard Scholar (top 5% of class)• Thesis: “Does Quality or Certainty Reign Supreme in Determining Oil and Gas Acreage Prices? An Analysis of the Effects of Acreage Maturity on Asset Prices in the Eagle Ford Shale” Strathcona-Tweedsmuir School Degree Name International Baccalaureate Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2010 • 1st Overall Academic Average • Governor-General's Academic Medal• Howard Trophy for All-Around Excellence Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests KKR & Co. L.P. 60,185 followers
More Actions Rahul has a account Rahul Raymoulik Equity Research Analyst at Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments Columbia University - Columbia Business School Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Investment Analyst Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Boston, MA Evaluate investment opportunities in the consumer discretionary sector by conducting fundamental analysis, creating financial models, meeting management, customers, competitors and industry experts, and conducting exhaustive primary and secondary research checks. Equity Research, Sector Specialist (Technology, Media, Telecom) Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed 2009 – 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Boston (2010-2011); Tokyo (2011-2012) Analyzed investment opportunities with key focus on media and telecom sectors in the U.S. and technology in Japan and Korea. Conducted fundamental and industry analysis, meetings with management, research checks, and financial modeling to evaluate investment opportunities. Participated in group-wide sector strategy and sector weighting discussions. Senior Analyst - Financial Markets Group Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed 2006 – 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Boston, USA Monitored and analyzed Fidelity's exposure to market risks including interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, and credit risk. Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Value Investing Program Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 - Recipient of Charles H. Brunie Scholarship for Security Analysis and Value Investing- Winner of 2013 Pershing Square Challenge, an annual investment competition sponsored by Bill Ackman with a $100k cash prize- Vice President, Competitions of Columbia Student Investment Management Association (CSIMA) Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 Northeastern University Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 32 endorsements for Equity Research 32 Equity Research Endorsed by J. Seth Hamed , CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Rahul’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 18 endorsements for Valuation 18 Valuation Endorsed by Chenqi (Steven) Zhou, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rahul’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Markets See 11 endorsements for Financial Markets 11 Financial Markets Endorsed by 3 of Rahul’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rahul has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Bloomberg 1,264,398 followers Fidelity Investments 311,701 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,674 followers Carrie Schwab-PomerantzCarrie Schwab-Pomerantz is a LinkedIn Influencer Chair & President, Charles Schwab Foundation; SVP, Charles Schwab; Chairman of the Board, Schwab Charitable 216,411 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,523,738 followers Fortune Magazine 1,179,442 followers See all See all following
More Actions Neil has a account Neil Waldman Managing Member at Waldman Capital Management Waldman Capital Management University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business Boca Raton, Florida 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Member Company Name Waldman Capital Management Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 6 mos Location Boca Raton, FL Fund of Hedge Funds - focus on fundamental research oriented long/short equity strategies Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Wooster Capital Management Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Hedge Fund - long/short equity Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Fortress Investment Group Dates Employed Feb 2004 – Nov 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Hedge Fund - long/short equity within multibillion dollar global macro fund Business Development Company Name Flexplay Technologies Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Feb 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Flexplay Technologies was an early-stage applied technology company focused on the development and commercialization of a limited-time play DVD product for the entertainment and other physical-based media markets. Product launched as “ez-D” with Buena Vista Home Entertainment (Disney) in September 2003 in select cities. Flexplay was sold to The Convex Group in 2004. Research Analyst / Consultant Company Name Boyar Asset Management Dates Employed Apr 2002 – Dec 2002 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Hedge Fund - deep value strategy See more positions Education University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business Degree Name MAcc Field Of Study Accounting, Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2000 University of Michigan Degree Name BGS Field Of Study General Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Zeta Beta Tau Semester Abroad – University of New South Wales in Sydney, Australia, January 1998 – July 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Hedge Funds See 34 endorsements for Hedge Funds 34 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Loc Vukhac, CFA and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Alternative Investments See 19 endorsements for Alternative Investments 19 Alternative Investments Endorsed by Michael Corcelli and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 15 endorsements for Equities 15 Equities Endorsed by Michael Corcelli and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Fund of Funds Investors 6,139 members South Florida Hedge Fund Managers 906 members University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business 51,068 followers Michigan Ross School of Business Alumni 18,988 members University of Michigan 368,679 followers Ari EmanuelAri Emanuel is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-CEO at WME | IMG 288,117 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Hwang Equity Research Analyst at NWQ Investment Management NWQ Investment Management Bowdoin College Greater Los Angeles Area 471 471 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name NWQ Investment Management Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Global Equity Research Coverage: Capital Goods, Business Services, Mining Senior Equity Research Associate Company Name Tradewinds Global Investors, LLC Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Los Angeles, CA Global Equity Research Coverage: Telecommunications, Information Technology, Media, Gaming, Hotels, Restaurants, Airlines Assistant Vice President, Portfolio Management Associate Company Name Tradewinds Global Investors, LLC Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Senior Managed Accounts Trader Company Name Tradewinds Global Investors, LLC Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Portfolio Management Associate Company Name Kayne Anderson Rudnick Dates Employed Jul 2004 – Feb 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Los Angeles, CA See more positions Education Bowdoin College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Government University High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Portfolio Management See 27 endorsements for Portfolio Management 27 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Brian Morandi, CFA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Jeff’s colleagues at Tradewinds Global Investors, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 22 endorsements for Investments 22 Investments Endorsed by Carl White, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Jeff’s colleagues at Tradewinds Global Investors, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 20 endorsements for Equities 20 Equities Endorsed by Joann Barry, CFA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Jeff’s colleagues at Tradewinds Global Investors, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jeff has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Equity Research Analyst Career Opportunities 2,813 members CAIA Association: Chartered Alternative Investment Analysts and Candidates 18,875 members Ray DalioRay Dalio is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & Chief Investment Officer at Bridgewater Associates, L.P. 280,846 followers L.A. Hedge Fund Networking 2,302 members Hedge Fund, Private Equity & Alternative Investments Networking Group - Powered by IvyExec.com 69,253 members Mining and Metals Professionals Globally 78,353 members See all See all following
More Actions Patrick has a account Patrick O'Shaughnessy Equity Analyst at Raymond James Financial Raymond James Financial The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Greater Chicago Area 411 411 connections Send InMail The Raymond James & Associates’ associated person is not acting in the capacity of a financial advisor and as such will not be effecting or attempting to effect retail transactions in securities or rendering personalized investment advice for compensation. Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Member New York Stock Exchange/SIPC. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director, Equity Research Company Name Raymond James Financial Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 8 mos Capital Markets and Capital Markets Technology Equity Analyst Company Name Morningstar, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Nov 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Capital markets Summer Equity Research Analyst Company Name William Blair & Company Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 3 mos Business Analyst Company Name Capital One Financial Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Sep 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Associate Company Name The Boston Consulting Group Dates Employed Sep 2000 – Jun 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Education The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 University of Notre Dame Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Notre Dame 127,055 followers The University of Chicago Booth School of Business 84,296 followers The University of Chicago Booth School of Business 65,388 followers Raymond James 49,046 followers University of Notre Dame 111,900 followers
More Actions Ute has a account Ute Haibach Equity Research Analyst bei Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd DVFA Zürich, Canton of Zürich, Switzerland 161 161 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst, Buyside, Director Company Name Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Senior Equity Analyst, Buyside, Associate Director Company Name HSBC Private Bank Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Zürich und Umgebung, Schweiz Investment Advisor Equities, Vice President Company Name HSBC Guyerzeller Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Zürich und Umgebung, Schweiz Equity Research Analyst, Sellside, Assistant Vice President Company Name Vontobel Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Apr 2007 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Zürich und Umgebung, Schweiz Equity Research Analyst, Buyside Company Name National-Bank Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Essen und Umgebung, Deutschland See more positions Education DVFA Degree Name CEFA (certified EFFAS financial analyst) post graduate diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 FOM Hochschule für Oekonomie & Management Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Betriebswirtschaftslehre Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests FOM Hochschule für Oekonomie & Management 10,473 followers Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd 6,508 followers FOM University of Applied Sciences for Economics and Management 11,958 followers
More Actions Neil has a account Neil Waldman Managing Member at Waldman Capital Management Waldman Capital Management University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business Boca Raton, Florida 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Member Company Name Waldman Capital Management Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 6 mos Location Boca Raton, FL Fund of Hedge Funds - focus on fundamental research oriented long/short equity strategies Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Wooster Capital Management Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Hedge Fund - long/short equity Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Fortress Investment Group Dates Employed Feb 2004 – Nov 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Hedge Fund - long/short equity within multibillion dollar global macro fund Business Development Company Name Flexplay Technologies Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Feb 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Flexplay Technologies was an early-stage applied technology company focused on the development and commercialization of a limited-time play DVD product for the entertainment and other physical-based media markets. Product launched as “ez-D” with Buena Vista Home Entertainment (Disney) in September 2003 in select cities. Flexplay was sold to The Convex Group in 2004. Research Analyst / Consultant Company Name Boyar Asset Management Dates Employed Apr 2002 – Dec 2002 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Hedge Fund - deep value strategy See more positions Education University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business Degree Name MAcc Field Of Study Accounting, Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2000 University of Michigan Degree Name BGS Field Of Study General Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Zeta Beta Tau Semester Abroad – University of New South Wales in Sydney, Australia, January 1998 – July 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Hedge Funds See 34 endorsements for Hedge Funds 34 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Loc Vukhac, CFA and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Alternative Investments See 19 endorsements for Alternative Investments 19 Alternative Investments Endorsed by Michael Corcelli and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 15 endorsements for Equities 15 Equities Endorsed by Michael Corcelli and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests South Florida Hedge Fund Managers 906 members Ari EmanuelAri Emanuel is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-CEO at WME | IMG 288,117 followers The Family Office Club - #1 Largest Family Office Association | Ultra-Wealthy Wealth Management 126,212 members Fund of Funds Investors 6,139 members University of Michigan 389,976 followers University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business 52,722 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rahul has a account Rahul Raymoulik Equity Research Analyst at Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments Columbia University - Columbia Business School Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Investment Analyst Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Boston, MA Evaluate investment opportunities in the consumer discretionary sector by conducting fundamental analysis, creating financial models, meeting management, customers, competitors and industry experts, and conducting exhaustive primary and secondary research checks. Equity Research, Sector Specialist (Technology, Media, Telecom) Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed 2009 – 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Boston (2010-2011); Tokyo (2011-2012) Analyzed investment opportunities with key focus on media and telecom sectors in the U.S. and technology in Japan and Korea. Conducted fundamental and industry analysis, meetings with management, research checks, and financial modeling to evaluate investment opportunities. Participated in group-wide sector strategy and sector weighting discussions. Senior Analyst - Financial Markets Group Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed 2006 – 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Boston, USA Monitored and analyzed Fidelity's exposure to market risks including interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, and credit risk. Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Value Investing Program Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 - Recipient of Charles H. Brunie Scholarship for Security Analysis and Value Investing- Winner of 2013 Pershing Square Challenge, an annual investment competition sponsored by Bill Ackman with a $100k cash prize- Vice President, Competitions of Columbia Student Investment Management Association (CSIMA) Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 Northeastern University Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 32 endorsements for Equity Research 32 Equity Research Endorsed by J. Seth Hamed , CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Rahul’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 18 endorsements for Valuation 18 Valuation Endorsed by Chenqi (Steven) Zhou, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rahul’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Markets See 11 endorsements for Financial Markets 11 Financial Markets Endorsed by 3 of Rahul’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rahul has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,676 followers The Economist 4,116,443 followers Bloomberg 1,264,403 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,523,745 followers Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management 17,408 followers Fortune Magazine 1,179,443 followers See all See all following
More Actions Connor has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Connor Waterous Energy Private Equity Associate at KKR KKR Harvard University New York, New York 410 410 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Private Equity Associate - Energy Company Name KKR Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location New York City • Work to deploy and manage approximately $12 billion in assets under management dedicated to energy and infrastructure, through investments ranging from corporate leverage buyouts, drilling joint ventures, high yield and mezzanine credit, and long-term, contracted infrastructure projects.• Performed extensive diligence in the evaluation of a $5 billion joint venture between KKR, Veresen and Encana to construct midstream natural gas processing, compression and gathering infrastructure for Encana’s Montney assets.• Aided in the negotiation of series of complex agreements governing the 30 year contract between Encana and KKR, including a midstream services agreement, construction services agreement, operating services agreement, and purchase and sale agreement. Private Equity Summer Analyst - Energy Company Name The Blackstone Group Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location New York City • Hired as the firm’s first private equity summer analyst dedicated to energy, working exclusively to help deploy and manage capital from Blackstone Energy Partners, a $2.5 billion fund dedicated to energy investments.• Performed comprehensive due diligence on multiple prospective energy investments, including investments in upstream oil and gas, oilfield services, and mining, across North America, Latin America, and the Middle East.• Worked with management teams, investment bankers, management consultants, engineering consultants, and lawyers throughout the diligence process to help form the firm’s investment theses.• Built several operating and leveraged buyout models for prospective investments, as well as a detailed oil and gas development model for a current portfolio investment. Investment Banking Summer Analyst - Energy Company Name Barclays Dates Employed May 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Calgary, Canada • Worked from engagement to preliminary bid on $2.2 billion joint venture between PetroChina and Encana to develop acreage in the Duvernay basin, including asset overview, valuation, and JV structuring. • Developed a new valuation model for upstream oil and gas assets, robust to multiple type curves, areas, and price decks. • Led the design of a new royalty model, which more efficiently and accurately calculated Alberta royalties given price, quantity produced, depth, and applicable incentive programs. • Created numerous resource play overviews, highlighting geological characteristics, industry activity, and cost structures. President and Founder Company Name U4U Dates Employed Sep 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos • Led the development of a social network for college students in Boston, providing online postings for events, study groups, and marketplace items. Summer Intern Company Name United Nations Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 2 mos • Organized group programs, wrote pamphlets for visitors, and helped market the Model United Nations program for high school students. Education Harvard University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 • Magna Cum Laude in Economics• Phi Beta Kappa• John Harvard Scholar (top 5% of class)• Thesis: “Does Quality or Certainty Reign Supreme in Determining Oil and Gas Acreage Prices? An Analysis of the Effects of Acreage Maturity on Asset Prices in the Eagle Ford Shale” Strathcona-Tweedsmuir School Degree Name International Baccalaureate Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2010 • 1st Overall Academic Average • Governor-General's Academic Medal• Howard Trophy for All-Around Excellence Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests KKR & Co. L.P. 60,185 followers
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Hwang Equity Research Analyst at NWQ Investment Management NWQ Investment Management Bowdoin College Greater Los Angeles Area 471 471 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name NWQ Investment Management Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Global Equity Research Coverage: Capital Goods, Business Services, Mining Senior Equity Research Associate Company Name Tradewinds Global Investors, LLC Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Los Angeles, CA Global Equity Research Coverage: Telecommunications, Information Technology, Media, Gaming, Hotels, Restaurants, Airlines Assistant Vice President, Portfolio Management Associate Company Name Tradewinds Global Investors, LLC Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Senior Managed Accounts Trader Company Name Tradewinds Global Investors, LLC Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Portfolio Management Associate Company Name Kayne Anderson Rudnick Dates Employed Jul 2004 – Feb 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Los Angeles, CA See more positions Education Bowdoin College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Government University High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Portfolio Management See 27 endorsements for Portfolio Management 27 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Brian Morandi, CFA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Jeff’s colleagues at Tradewinds Global Investors, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 22 endorsements for Investments 22 Investments Endorsed by Carl White, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Jeff’s colleagues at Tradewinds Global Investors, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 20 endorsements for Equities 20 Equities Endorsed by Joann Barry, CFA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Jeff’s colleagues at Tradewinds Global Investors, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jeff has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Banking Careers 625,922 members Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Bowdoin College 19,239 followers Asset / Wealth Management Careers 19,089 members L.A. Hedge Fund Networking 2,302 members Mining and Metals Professionals Globally 78,353 members See all See all following
More Actions Patrick has a account Patrick O'Shaughnessy Equity Analyst at Raymond James Financial Raymond James Financial The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Greater Chicago Area 411 411 connections Send InMail The Raymond James & Associates’ associated person is not acting in the capacity of a financial advisor and as such will not be effecting or attempting to effect retail transactions in securities or rendering personalized investment advice for compensation. Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Member New York Stock Exchange/SIPC. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director, Equity Research Company Name Raymond James Financial Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 8 mos Capital Markets and Capital Markets Technology Equity Analyst Company Name Morningstar, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Nov 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Capital markets Summer Equity Research Analyst Company Name William Blair & Company Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 3 mos Business Analyst Company Name Capital One Financial Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Sep 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Associate Company Name The Boston Consulting Group Dates Employed Sep 2000 – Jun 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Education The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 University of Notre Dame Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The University of Chicago Booth School of Business 84,296 followers Raymond James 49,046 followers University of Notre Dame 127,055 followers University of Notre Dame 111,900 followers The University of Chicago Booth School of Business 65,388 followers
More Actions Ute has a account Ute Haibach Equity Research Analyst bei Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd DVFA Zürich, Canton of Zürich, Switzerland 161 161 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst, Buyside, Director Company Name Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Senior Equity Analyst, Buyside, Associate Director Company Name HSBC Private Bank Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Zürich und Umgebung, Schweiz Investment Advisor Equities, Vice President Company Name HSBC Guyerzeller Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Zürich und Umgebung, Schweiz Equity Research Analyst, Sellside, Assistant Vice President Company Name Vontobel Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Apr 2007 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Zürich und Umgebung, Schweiz Equity Research Analyst, Buyside Company Name National-Bank Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Essen und Umgebung, Deutschland See more positions Education DVFA Degree Name CEFA (certified EFFAS financial analyst) post graduate diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 FOM Hochschule für Oekonomie & Management Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Betriebswirtschaftslehre Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd 6,508 followers FOM Hochschule für Oekonomie & Management 10,473 followers FOM University of Applied Sciences for Economics and Management 11,958 followers
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Schmid VP, Equity Research Analyst - Master Limited Partnerships at Stephens Inc. Stephens Inc. The University of Texas at Austin - The Red McCombs School of Business Dallas/Fort Worth Area 353 353 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience VP, Equity Research Analyst - Master Limited Partnerships Company Name Stephens Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Fort Worth, TX Equity Research - Energy Exploration & Production Company Name Stephens Inc. Dates Employed May 2012 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Fort Worth, TX Equity Research - Consumer Finance Company Name Stephens Inc. Dates Employed May 2011 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Dallas, TX Summer Associate - Energy Exploration & Production Company Name Treaty Oak Capital Management, LP Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Austin, TX Senior Analyst Company Name HFBE Inc. (acquired by Stout Risius Ross) Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Houston, TX See more positions Education The University of Texas at Austin - The Red McCombs School of Business Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: MBA Investment Fund, LLC Beta Gamma Sigma, Dean's Award, Sord Scholar The University of Texas at Austin Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Business Honors and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Matt has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Series 7, Series 63, Series 86, Series 87 Interests The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business 43,076 followers The University of Texas at Austin 423,231 followers The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business 44,282 followers Stephens Inc. 5,771 followers McCombs BBA Alumni Network 7,844 members McCombs MBA, Class of 2011 323 members See all See all following
More Actions Colin has a account Colin Langan Analyst at UBS UBS Columbia University - Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience US Autos Analyst Company Name UBS Dates Employed May 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Lead analyst responsible for US automakers, auto suppliers, and auto dealers Senior Accountant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Aug 1999 – Aug 2003 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 University of Notre Dame Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 10 endorsements for Equity Research 10 Equity Research Endorsed by 5 of Colin’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 8 endorsements for Financial Modeling 8 Financial Modeling Safraz Jehaludi and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 7 endorsements for Financial Analysis 7 Financial Analysis Safraz Jehaludi and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Financial Analyst Jobs Group 30,903 members General Motors Components Holdings, LLC 6,052 followers Lazard Asset Management 14,685 followers Lone Pine Capital 2,358 followers Capital International 2,354 followers Balyasny Asset Management L.P. 5,895 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a openLink account Andrew Fein MD/Senior Analyst at H.C. Wainwright H.C. Wainwright Yale University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Experience MD/Senior Analyst Company Name H.C. Wainwright Dates Employed May 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location New York, NY Managing Director Company Name Chardan Capital Markets Dates Employed Apr 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Managing Director/Senior Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Jefferies & Company Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 10 mos Managing Director/Senior Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Piper Jaffray Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Managing Director/Senior Biotechnology Analyst Company Name C.E. Unterberg, Towbin Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Mar 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos See more positions Education Yale University Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 25 endorsements for Valuation 25 Valuation Endorsed by Mark Schoenebaum, MD and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 20 endorsements for Equity Research 20 Equity Research Endorsed by Edward White and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Biotechnology See 20 endorsements for Biotechnology 20 Biotechnology Endorsed by Anthony Maida, Ph.D., MA, MBA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cigars and Professionals 11,868 members Pulmonary Hypertension Association 1,560 followers myBIO Community - Biotechnology connections 64,512 members IvyLife-Healthcare 957 members Yale University Careers 154,364 followers IvyLife-Careers [ Brown Columbia Barnard Cornell Dartmouth Harvard Princeton Penn Wharton Yale ] 12,091 members See all See all following
More Actions Scott has a account Scott Kessler Director of Equity Research with CFRA (formerly S&P Global Market Intelligence) CFRA Research Washington University in St. Louis School of Law New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I'm a high-energy and experienced manager and fundamental equity and industry analyst. Since 1995, I've professionally focused on themes, issues and companies in and related to the Technology, Media and Telecommunications (TMT) areas. My experience includes more than 18 years in equity research, as well as time as a private regulatory attorney and an adviser on Capitol Hill. I've covered industries, companies and stocks in/around the Technology Sector since 1998, with an emphasis on Internet, Software and Services names, and the Financial Technology (Fintech) area. I've received internal and external accolades for my efforts and achievements, enjoy regular communications with clients, and am frequently featured by major media outlets. I started leading the Technology Sector team in 2004, and became Deputy Director of what was known as S&P Global Market Intelligence's (formerly S&P Capital IQ) Equity Research business in 2014. In September 2016, CFRA announced the proposed acquisition of the Equity Research and Fund Research business of S&P Global Market Intelligence. The deal closed soon thereafter. Disclosure: This is a personal LinkedIn profile, and isn't intended to represent anyone or anything other than Scott Kessler and his individual information and views. Specialties (with an emphasis on the Technology Sector and/or Fintech area): Key industry developments, trends and themes Competitive and peer analysis Equity valuations Contrarian stock recommendations Industry and investment research Client communications and collaboration Social media Public speaking See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Scott’s Activity 1,652 followers I was honored to receive a New Jersey Stroke Hero award from the American Heart Association | American Stroke Association for my work to promote stroke awareness in young people and women. I’m grateful for the opportunities the American Heart Association’s Go Red For Women program has given me to make a difference in my community and help save lives. Thank you RWJBarnabas Health for sponsoring the inspirational awards ceremony. Scott liked Hello my LinkedIn friends! We have a special request for a guest's son we are trying to Surprise and Delight. His son has autism and just loves collecting hotel general manager business cards (must have two identical). We are trying to collect as many as we can to forward on to his father. If even just 5% of my contacts would be able to come through with a pair of identical hotel GM business cards, we could send over 450 sets of cards to this wonderful boy. If you can help us make a very special memory, please send to me at: Mike Cohen Aloft Manhattan Downtown 49-53 Ann Street New York, NY 10038 As the cards arrive, I will post updates on how many we are able to forward along. Please like and share so we can harness the power of our LinkedIn network! Thank you so much to anyone who is able to help! --Mike Scott liked PRO Talks: S&P's Howard Silverblatt on dividend investing, stock buybacks Scott liked Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions Scott liked original_final_scape.pdf Scott liked CFRA investment strategist Lindsey Bell is returning to "Mornings with Maria" as a guest co-host, alongside Maria Bartiromo! Be sure to watch tomorrow, June 8 from 6am-9am EST on #FoxBusiness. Scott liked See all activity Experience Director, Equity Research Company Name CFRA Research Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Manage global team of fundamental equity analysts. Establish and execute on longer-term strategies, and direct day-to-day operations to produce and distribute high-quality and timely research. Communicate with clients and prospects and internal stakeholders about product and service offerings and capabilities. Help oversee and coordinate compliance and media efforts.Also, lead Technology Sector research efforts, and cover Internet and Software companies/stocks. Deputy Global Director, Equity and Industry Research Company Name S&P Global Market Intelligence Dates Employed 2014 – 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Help managed global team of fundamental industry analysts. Established and executed on longer-term strategies, and directed day-to-day operations to produce and distribute high-quality and timely research content. Communicated with clients and prospects and internal stakeholders about product and service offerings and capabilities. Helped oversee and coordinate compliance and media efforts. Head of Technology Sector Research Company Name S&P Global Market Intelligence Dates Employed 2004 – 2016 Employment Duration 12 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Drove Technology Sector strategy, thematic research regarding, and equity recommendations on a universe of across 14 sub-industries and 8 industries. Fintech was an increasing focus. Oversaw analysts covering technology stocks. Senior Equity and Industry Analyst Company Name S&P Global Market Intelligence Dates Employed 1998 – 2016 Employment Duration 18 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Focused on Internet and Software areas, as well as Fintech. Produced thematic research. Authored pre-IPO reports. At times, was also responsible for selected Semiconductor Equipment, Hardware, Storage, and Communications Equipment industries. Attorney Company Name Fleischman and Walsh Dates Employed 1996 – 1997 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Practiced law with full-service telecommunications firm. Focused on cable, television broadcast, and Internet matters. Firm changed name to Fleischman and Harding around 2005, and then merged with Edwards Angell Palmer & Dodge in 2011. Successor Edwards Wildman Palmer combined with Locke Lord in 2015. See more positions Education Washington University in St. Louis School of Law Degree Name J.D. Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1995 Brandeis University Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study History Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Westwood High School (Bergen County, NJ) Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 74 endorsements for Equity Research 74 Equity Research Endorsed by Kenneth Shea and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 18 of Scott’s colleagues at S&P Global Market Intelligence Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 40 endorsements for Equity Valuation 40 Equity Valuation Endorsed by Kenneth Shea, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Scott’s colleagues at S&P Global Market Intelligence Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Research See 25 endorsements for Investment Research 25 Investment Research Endorsed by 6 of Scott’s colleagues at S&P Global Market Intelligence Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (6) Clyde Montevirgen Corporate Finance October 18, 2011, Clyde reported directly to Scott It was a pleasure working under Scott for over five years. In addition to being a mentor, he was fair, ethical, and had an incredible work ethic. By creating an environment that made it easy to share knowledge and information, Scott developed an enthusiastic team that not only published a large volume of research notes and reports, but also received multiple awards for stock recommendation performance. His communication skills are second to none, and I have learned a lot about dealing with media and clients by following his lead. Scott is the guy you want driving objectives and just "getting it done.” Joe Held Chief Information Officer - S&P Global Platts May 19, 2011, Joe worked with Scott in different groups Scott has been a trusted source of tech sector market information and his vast knowledge of tech companies was instrumental in helping me build S&P's technology strategy. His global market insight was critical in the selection of technology solutions and partners. Great to work with, recommend him highly. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Bernardo Soriano Associate Director of Media Relations & Business Development at Rally Point Media Strategies April 23, 2011, Scott worked with Bernardo but at different companies I have worked with Bernie a number of times over a number a years, contributing as a guest to broadcasts he has helped produce. In those contexts, he has struck me as personable, knowledgeable, diligent, resourceful and reliable. Importantly, Bernie always seems to make the process of putting together and putting on a segment/show both easy and enjoyable. I also believe he has contributed to building a community around the content he helps produce, which increasingly is of critical importance in today's digital world. Alec Young Senior Investment Strategist: Client Facing, Global Macro, Quant, Equity, Credit, Alts, ETF, ESG & Media March 9, 2010, Scott worked with Alec in different groups Alec is a passionate, sharp and articulate expert on global and domestic equity markets. His broad knowledge and strong communication skills have enabled him to provide valuable insights to colleagues and clients, and act as an effective external spokesperson. His collaborative and candid nature has also served him and his co-workers quite well. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Brandeis University 42,850 followers Herb GreenbergHerb Greenberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at Pacific Square Research 333,263 followers Finance Club 1,037,789 members Washington University in St. Louis School of Law 23,642 followers Rafat AliRafat Ali is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO & Founder, Skift 229,912 followers Julia BoorstinJulia Boorstin is a LinkedIn Influencer Senior Media & Entertainment Correspondent at CNBC 122,052 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gary has a account Gary Nachman Equity Research Analyst at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs New York, New York 21 21 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Goldman Sachs 809,536 followers
More Actions Wendell has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Wendell Laidley Chief Financial Officer at Big Switch Networks Big Switch Networks Princeton University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail As an experienced finance executive with over 20 years of experience, I have scaled enterprise SaaS and consumer services companies through hyper-growth. By leveraging my background in technology equity research and investment banking, I have an intimate understanding of the operational and strategic finance requirements necessary to grow a business. ➤ My passion for the software industry began during my 10-year stint as a Wall Street equity research analyst. During that period, I gained a reputation as a thought leader in identifying emerging industry trends which resulted in repeatedly being voted to Institutional Investor magazine’s All-America equity research team. I was awarded more than 40 software industry corporate finance mandates and was directly involved in IPO and M&A transactions with a collective value of >$43 BB. ➤ My experience as a founder has provided me with firsthand knowledge of the challenges associated with scaling operations for high-growth businesses. More recently, as a finance executive, I have partnered with executive teams to enhance financial planning, streamline sales forecasting, initiate operational analytics, implement treasury operations, introduce risk controls, and build out high caliber finance teams. ➤ Having been directly involved in raising >$275 MM of debt and equity, I have an appreciation for the deliverables, expectations, and timeline associated with the process of attracting investments from leading VC, private equity, and crossover growth investors. I have implemented the investor relations functions required for a privately-held company and made preparations for a public market debut. ➤ I thrive on addressing the challenges associated with scaling operations at high growth businesses and working with world-class teams to produce successful outcomes. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Wendell’s Activity 1,634 followers Global Convergence Inc. Intensifies Intelligent SDN Control for Solution Provider Partners with Addition of Big Switch Networks® to its Solutions Portfolio Wendell liked Uber's main business problems now: 1) Decision-making 2) Recruiting 3) Retention 4) Partnering 5) Massive Google lawsuit Wendell liked Now that Uber doesn't have a CEO, COO, CTO, or CFO, I guess this is the closest it's ever been to a self-driving car company. Wendell liked I walked out on my career as one of the top headhunters in tech because I was bored, needed a challenge and wanted to LEARN. #renewyourself Wendell liked Gigamon stock spikes on sale talk; Possible buyers include Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Cisco Systems, F5 Networks, Juniper Networks, Palo Alto Networks, Fortinet and Thoma Bravo's Riverbed Technology - Silicon Valley Business Journal Wendell commented Financial Reporting Brief June 2017 | Deloitte Ireland | Audit Wendell liked See all activity Experience Chief Financial Officer Company Name Big Switch Networks Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Santa Clara, CA Big Switch Networks is the Next-Generation Data Center Networking company. Founded in 2010, the company's roots trace back to the Stanford research team that invented Software Defined Networking (SDN) and OpenFlow. Big Switch is enabling Enterprises and Service Providers to realize the benefits of hyper-scale data center designs and the associated benefits: reduce costs, improve productivity, provide pervasive security, and deliver even greater scale with dramatically improved TCO. Venture investors include Index, Khosla, Morgenthaler, Redpoint, In-Q-Tel, Intel Capital along with notable Angels and strategic partners. Founder & CFO Company Name Camp K-9 of Marin Dates Employed 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs Location Corte Madera, CA (Marin County) As the owner of several Labradors in a county that boasts the highest per capita dog population in the USA, I was inspired to create a premiere dog care service. I established a highly profitable multi-million dollar recurring revenue company that spans day care, overnight boarding, and training to serve the needs of dogs and their owners. ➤ Formulated the business plan, obtained real estate, created the go-to-market strategy, hired staff, designed the branding blueprint, constructed financial models, and launched operations VP Finance, Treasury & Investor Relations Company Name AppDynamics Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area AppDynamics was a privately held SaaS-based infrastructure software company that was acquired for $3.7 BB by Cisco in January 2017 (richest SaaS acquisition multiple in history). It raised >$300 MM from Greylock, Lightspeed, KPCB, IVP, Battery, and GA. As a partner to the CFO, I oversaw numerous functional areas including FP&A, operational analytics, treasury, pricing and investor relations. Since joining the company, employee headcount expanded from 350 to >1,000 and annual revenue grew from $50 MM to >$200 MM. ➤ Primary owner of the investor deck and partnered with executive team to refine the company’s positioning➤ Responsible for reporting to existing shareholders and served as primary liaison to 25+ sell-side equity research analysts➤ As member of fundraising team, interfaced with prospective investors and addressed due diligence inquiries ahead of securing $158 MM (Series F) at a valuation >$1.9 BB and $120 MM (Series E) at valuation >$1 BB valuation➤ Implemented financial infrastructure, hired a team, and established cash forecasting functions to support the growth of foreign entities to 20+ countries➤ Directed expansion of domestic and global banking partnerships, including foreign currency operations, capex lease agreements, and renegotiated the debt amendments➤ Introduced and managed rollout of treasury policies, including IPS, while optimizing cash balances and initiating design of FX hedging program➤ Oversaw expansion of FP&A team, initiated bookings and revenue management dashboards, established quarterly product and geography targets, and enhanced sales force productivity analysis ➤ Designed operational analytics framework, calculated SaaS metrics, tracked 150+ KPIs, formalized churn definitions, quantified renewal and expansion rates, and launched cohort analysis➤ As Pricing Committee Chair, had responsibility for approving new SKUs, producing quarterly discount analysis, and introducing new consumption-based pricing models Founder, COO & CFO Company Name Realm Cellars Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 11 yrs 7 mos Location St. Helena, CA Realm is privately held top-tier Napa Valley winery as recognized by notable wine critics. It was cited as one of Napa’s most impressive newcomers by Wine Spectator and has consistently produced top scoring wines. After executing against a highly profitable consumer-direct model for 10+ years since co-founding the business, I was approached by an investor group who brought additional capital and consumer brand expertise. Today Realm Cellars is widely regarded as one of the top red wine labels in Napa Valley. ➤ Designed growth strategy, positioned multi-product portfolio, hired full-time team of 8 people, and established multi-channel distribution network in 3 continents ➤ Constructed highly profitable consumer-direct business model➤ Obtained financing from SVB after first 5 years of self-financed operations, and negotiated supplier contracts ➤ Achieved rapid revenue growth as annual production expanded to 4,000 cases, average retail bottle price exceeded $100, and sold 80% of annual production direct-to-consumer to maximize margins➤ Following extensive negotiations and financial due diligence, secured equity partners with relevant wine industry expertise Analyst, Portfolio Manager & Principal Company Name RS Investments Dates Employed Feb 2002 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco As a principal of the investment management firm that spun out from Robertson Stephens investment bank, I was a major contributor to the growth group’s investment performance. When the firm’s assets under management increased to >$11 BB it was acquired by Guardian Insurance. ➤ Responsible for all software and IT services investments which accounted for roughly 20% of the holdings within the various portfolios➤ Co-Portfolio Manager for the RS Technology Fund which was one of the top-performing sector funds per Morningstar➤ Leveraged industry domain knowledge and detailed company analysis to sizable investments that were highly profitable➤ Was a top 5 investor in early SaaS company WebEx, which was acquired by Cisco for $3.2 BB, a 23% premium See more positions Education Princeton University Field Of Study Princeton-in-Asia Fellowship Program Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1993 Activities and Societies: lived in Japan Cornell University Field Of Study FALCON Post-Graduate Japanese Language Program Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1991 Hobart College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Hobart Scholar, Treasurer of Chi Phi Fraternity, Club Rugby Team Captain, Ski Race Team Featured Skills & Endorsements Venture Capital See 44 endorsements for Venture Capital 44 Venture Capital Endorsed by Jennifer Jordan and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Wendell’s colleagues at AppDynamics Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 31 endorsements for Equities 31 Equities Endorsed by Garrett Van Wagoner and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Wendell’s colleagues at AppDynamics Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 31 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 31 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Jennifer Jordan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Wendell’s colleagues at AppDynamics Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Wendell has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Association For Financial Professionals Financial Executives International National Investor Relations Institute Wendell has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Institutional Investor All-America Research Team Wendell has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Japanese Interests Princeton University 108,098 followers Heptio 188 followers NodePrime 451 followers SKIPJAQ 314 followers David MarcusDavid Marcus is a LinkedIn Influencer Head of Messenger @ Facebook 273,753 followers Association for Financial Professionals 12,702 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andy has a account Andy Dela Cruz Equity Research Analyst at COL Financial Group, Inc. COL Financial Group, Inc. Ateneo de Manila University NCR - National Capital Region, Philippines 128 128 connections Send InMail Having migrated from Hong Kong to the Philippines, Andy is quite comfortable in communicating with people from different backgrounds as he can speak English and Filipino fluently while also speaking advanced Mandarin Chinese and Fukien Chinese and basic Cantonese: a total of 5 different languages. He takes great interest and have excellent abilities in finance and business strategy, among others. He is also more than knowledgeable in computer software as he has a couple of experiences doing financial modelling in Excel and several presentations in PowerPoint. Moreover, he is an avid investor in the Philippine stock market since 2013. Andy is goal-oriented and he plans strategically before venturing out every day. He will always be open for new ideas and have the initiative to learn as he believes learning is always two-way. Hopefully, you can learn a few things from him too. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name COL Financial Group, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location NCR - National Capital Region, Philippines Works full-time as a sell-side equity analyst at COL Financial Group, Inc., the leading online stock broker in the Philippines. Currently handling the consumer sector and a part of the industrial sector and is asked to perform the following: quarterly meeting with covered companies, writing reports of recommendation to buy/sell a stock based on the company’s fundamentals, providing crucial and time-sensitive updates to institutional and retail clients, forecasting/modelling strategic and financial performance of covered companies, and analyzing industry trends and patterns, among others. CEO and Co-founder Company Name TickTask PH Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Philippines TickTask PH is a mobile application for Android and Apple that serves as a platform that connects freelance labor to people who can do the tasks, and vice versa.• Handles overall strategic decisions and management of the team such as marketing, financial, and operational concerns• Handles mobile application quality assurance through constant use and bug checks and actively reaching out to users for feedback, while communicating directly to the developers to ensure timely fixes/improvements• Handles team morale, including settling conflicts within the team, among others• Handles professional relationship and communications between the TickTask team and the application and server developers JSEC Challenge Project Head Company Name Ateneo Management Association Dates Employed May 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location NCR - National Capital Region, Philippines Co-Founder; Head of Operations, Human Resource, and Quality Assurance Company Name John Gokongwei Student Enterprise Center - Little Emperor Dates Employed Apr 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location NCR - National Capital Region, Philippines • Co-founder of Little Emperor (Chinese Food Stall), topped 200 other applicants in the business proposal phase, and 75 other applicants in the food selling competition phase in order to operate in the school for a school year• In charge of handling overall stall operations, including inventory allocations and management, among others• Handles human resource concerns such as hiring, communication, legal documentations, and weekly employee meetings• Handles food quality assurance conducted by daily visits and random taste tests, including the research and development of new food products based on market preference and demand Summer Analyst Company Name Fortman Cline Capital Markets Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location NCR - National Capital Region, Philippines Worked full-time as a summer analyst and was asked to perform the following: • Accomplished full financial modelling and analysis of several local and foreign companies (both private and publicly listed)• Creation of information memorandum, pitch books, and PowerPoint presentations to be presented to clients• Involvement in a live transaction which includes pitching, due diligence, and deal documentation• Provided key information on deals by performing industry and company research and analysis Education Ateneo de Manila University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Management-Honors; Minor in Financial Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Honorable Mention; Program Awardee Candidate Saint Jude Catholic School Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategic Planning See 2 endorsements for Strategic Planning 2 Strategic Planning Hershel Josephine Magada, RPm and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 3 endorsements for Financial Modeling 3 Financial Modeling Hershel Josephine Magada, RPm and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Market Research See 2 endorsements for Market Research 2 Market Research Matthew Henri Falcotelo and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Andy has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Filipino Fukien Chinese Mandarin Chinese Interests Ateneo de Manila University 55,055 followers COL Financial Group, Inc. 1,446 followers Ateneo de Manila University 50,808 followers
More Actions Di has a account Di Gu Equity Investment Analyst at Power Corporation of Canada (QFII) Power Corporation of Canada Brandeis University, Lemberg - International Business School Pudongxin District, Shanghai, China 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail **CFA LEVEL II CANDIDATE **MULTI-LINGUAL - Fluent in English, Chinese and Japanese EXPERIENCE: --------------------- 4.5 years of diverse experience fostered at global work environments of Novo Nordisk A/S, McKinsey & Company, L.E.K. Consulting, GF Securities and Boston Technologies. GOAL: --------- To harness my skills and experience, and contribute towards the growth of the organization. To learn, leverage potential and exceed expectation in all situations. To follow my passion and be passionate about the work I do. Specialties: Financial Modeling Financial Statement Analysis Industry Research and Competitive Analysis Consulting and Business Development Equity research Credit Risk Analysis Financial Risk Management Marketing Strategy Development Bloomberg Delivering Important Presentations See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Power Corporation of Canada Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Shanghai City, China Canada-based investment holding company with a QFII license in China, focusing on equity value-investment.Analyzing Chinese companies listed in China Mainland, Hong Kong and U.S. stock exchanges through a deep value approach, with a primary focus on the healthcare sector. Global Graduate Program Company Name Novo Nordisk A/S Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Copenhagen, Denmark & Princeton, NJ The Global Graduate Program is a 2-year leadership development program for post-graduates with a recent master degree, with 4 rotations of 6 months each. Media (1) This position has 1 media Global Finance Graduate Program - Novo Nordisk A/S Global Finance Graduate Program - Novo Nordisk A/S This media is a link Business Intelligence Summer Intern Company Name Boston Technologies Inc Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Boston Area • Recommended 4 potential clients from ~100 Chinese foreign exchange brokerages based on market landscape analysis, opening up expansion in Asia for business development; Presented to CEO;• Created "Start Your Own Brokerage" recommendation package to expand corporate client development, and assisted 20-30 clients daily in conjunction with sales force Investment Banking Analyst Intern Company Name GF Securities Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Shanghai, China • Designed DCF financial models to evaluate 10-year future cash flow in a restaurant industry IPO project, assessing competitive landscape and aiding in pricing decisions;• Researched and analyzed over 60 investment activities of Chinese internet industry, recommending 5 M&A targets of USD 20 million based on financial conditions and synergy analysis Associate Consultant Intern Company Name L.E.K. Consulting Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Shanghai, China • Conducted Due Diligence research for a chemical industry M&A project, interviewing over 200 distributors to analyze their operation situation; Selected 30 target companies for client;• Analyzed advancement of cement industry in the central region of China; Interviewed Economy Commission and 20 local cement firms about the New Dry Method production situations See more positions Education Brandeis University, Lemberg - International Business School Degree Name MA Field Of Study Internatianal Economics and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Chairman of Public Relation for Chinese Students and Scholars Association, Director for Ascend Brandeis Chapter, ALPFA, European Business Club Courses: Financial Theory, Global Economic Environment, Accounting and Financial Analysis,International Corporate Finance, Fixed Income Securities, Options and Derivatives, Financial Modeling,Security Analysis, Transnational Negotiation, Econometric.Computer Simulation and Risk Management. Credit Risk Analysis. Shanghai Jiao Tong University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Finance & Business English Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: President and Initiator - Future Leadership Association(Leading 140 members) Team Leader at AIESEC(Leading 20 members) Goldman Sachs Global Leaders Fellowship, nominee (10/3200 selected)Excellent Academic Scholarship (Top 1%) The Chinese University of Hong Kong Degree Name Exchange Field Of Study English & Economy Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Director and Organizer, Global Culture Festival Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 31 endorsements for Financial Modeling 31 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Devender Sandhu, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Di’s colleagues at Novo Nordisk Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 23 endorsements for Corporate Finance 23 Corporate Finance Endorsed by 3 of Di’s colleagues at Novo Nordisk Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 18 endorsements for Financial Analysis 18 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Di’s colleagues at Novo Nordisk Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Jack Xu Partner (PE) at Search&Staaffing International September 14, 2016, Jack worked with Di but at different companies It is great to witness the career development of Di in secondary market investment industry since her first day at PPCL. I'm fully confident that she is going to be a good investor in coming years. Michael McKay Advisory Partner at Bain & Company February 17, 2012, Michael was Di’s teacher Di took my courses in Private Equity and Securities Analysis. She was a diligent student who performed excellent financial analysis in my classes. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Jack Xu Partner (PE) at Search&Staaffing International September 14, 2016, Di was a client of Jack’s Jack is a very devoted and professional recruiter, with passion and persistence for top tier result delivery. It is my pleasure to recommend him. Accomplishments Di has 18 courses 18 Expand courses section Courses Applications of Econometrics Commercial Bankruptcy Computer Simulation and Risk Management Credit Risk Analysis Financial Accounting Financial Modeling Financial Statement Analysis Financial Theory Fixed Income Securities Global Economic Enviornment Di has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Japanese Di has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Stock Pitch-Securities Analysis THE DEAL M&A Business Competition, Sponsored by JP Morgan Interests Goldman Sachs 809,536 followers Global Healthcare Investment and Investors, M&A Professionals 2,211 members Michael Page 1,085,357 followers SMART Business Advisory and Consulting 1,392 followers Gijs van WulfenGijs van Wulfen is a LinkedIn Influencer Inspiring you to master innovation 295,780 followers Healthcare Investment Professionals 6,355 members See all See all following
More Actions Alexandre has a account Alexandre Roncier Telecoms Equity Research Analyst at Exane Exane IÉSEG School of Management London, United Kingdom 130 130 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Exane Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom European Telecoms Equity Research Equity Research Analyst Company Name Exane Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 7 mos Location London, United Kingdom European Capital Goods Equity ResearchGerman Mid-Caps Industrials Equity Research Credit Research Analyst Company Name OFI Asset Management Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Paris, France European and US TelecomsTechnologyReal-Estate and Industrials Investor Relations Analyst Company Name Orange Dates Employed Dec 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Paris, France Education IÉSEG School of Management Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Finance Grade 1st Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2016 Universidad Externado de Colombia Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 Exchange Program Hanyang University Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Exchange Program See more education Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alexandre has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Spanish Interests Exane 10,185 followers
More Actions Gary has a account Gary Nachman Equity Research Analyst at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs New York, New York 21 21 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Goldman Sachs 809,536 followers
More Actions Odon has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Odon de Laporte Sr. Equity Research Analyst - Technology MainFirst Group Université Paris Dauphine Paris Area, France 500+ 500+ connections InMail Top-ranked equity research analyst with 12-years experience of covering the Technology sector. Having a performance-focused approach, I have a proven track record of formulating clear investment ideas and convictions. Believe ongoing disruptive forces offer unprecedented investment opportunities across the Information Technology sector. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Odon’s Activity 1,091 followers Chart: Here's How 5 Tech Giants Make Their Billions Odon liked a comment Apple, Alphabet, Microsoft, Amazon and Facebook have recently become the five most valuable listed companies in the world, in that order. With a total market value of $2.9trn, they are worth more than any five firms in history and comprise over 13.3% of the S&P 500's $21.7trn market cap. The Economist | Schumpeter: Money mountains https://lnkd.in/d7Qe6tC Odon liked See all activity Experience Director Company Name MainFirst Group Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Paris Area, France Equity Research: coverage of Telecoms and TMT- Built and developed financial/valuation Excel models- Performed strategic and financial analysis- Published in-depth reports - Reached ambitious marketing goals. Analyst road shows across Europe- Provided investment recommendations supporting decision making by institutional investors- Covered Altice, Orange, Iliad, SFR and Technicolor Media (2) This position has 2 media FRENCH_TELECOMS_SECTOR_REPORT_DISRUPTIVE_STRATEGIES.pdf FRENCH_TELECOMS_SECTOR_REPORT_DISRUPTIVE_STRATEGIES.pdf This media is a document Technicolor_UPF_PT_EUR_4_8_A_wave_of_challenges.pdf Technicolor_UPF_PT_EUR_4_8_A_wave_of_challenges.pdf This media is a document Equity Research, head of Sector, Technology Company Name CA CHEUVREUX (Credit Agricole Group) Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location London, United Kingdom Head of sector (Telecom Equipment) and coordinator of the European Technology team:- Built and worked with complex Excel models; company valuation and analysis.- Published and marketed investment-related research reports on sector thematic and companies covered.- Analysed data points in the global Technology supply chain (Network Equipment, Smartphones, Semiconductors & Semi Equipment, Consumer Electronics, Payment processing)- Marketed and promoted investment ideas and recommendations. .- Proven track-record of dealing with international institutional investors (Europe, UK, US).- Active contribution to the organisation of corporate road shows and the Cheuvreux TMT Conference- Lead coverage: Alcatel-Lucent, Ericsson, Nokia, ASML, Soitec, STM, Gemalto and Ingenico.- Achievements: ranked by Extel (individual) 11th for Telecom Equipment/Europe (2009), 13th for Semiconductor/Europe (2008), 10th for French equity (2009).- Frequently quoted in international newspapers (Financial Times, Wall Street Journal, NY Times) Equity Research Analyst Company Name CA CHEUVREUX (Crédit Agricole Group) Dates Employed Jul 2004 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Paris Area, France Work with the senior analyst responsible for the team and assumed the role of lead analyst on a number of small/mid cap stocks and ultimately large caps.- Financial modelling.- Maintenance of marketing presentations. - Monitored sector news flow and in charge of compiling the daily research product. - Lead coverage: ASML, STM, Soitec, Logitech, Gemalto, Ingenico, Oberthur, Radiall.- Back up coverage of Alcatel-Lucent, Sagem, Technicolor, Wavecom.- Won the award of top (1st) stock picker in France for 2005 (Starmine). Education Université Paris Dauphine Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Economics, major in Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 Université Paris Dauphine Degree Name Bachelor's degree in Mathematics Field Of Study Mathématiques appliquées Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 36 endorsements for Equity Research 36 Equity Research Endorsed by David Halldén and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Odon’s colleagues at Kepler Cheuvreux Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 22 endorsements for Equities 22 Equities Endorsed by Marco Zanuso and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Odon’s colleagues at Kepler Cheuvreux Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 19 endorsements for Equity Valuation 19 Equity Valuation Endorsed by Richard Houbron, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Odon’s colleagues at Kepler Cheuvreux Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Cedric LE COGUIC IT Engineer December 6, 2012, Odon worked with Cedric in different groups Cédric is an outstanding IT professional. Accomplishments Odon has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Italian Odon has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Best stock picker in France Odon has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Presentation Tech Interests Fosun Group 27,776 followers Université Paris Dauphine 87,111 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,681 followers Bernard MarrBernard Marr is a LinkedIn Influencer Best-Selling Author, Keynote Speaker and Leading Business and Data Expert 1,040,781 followers Aviva Investors 19,947 followers Bpifrance 49,874 followers See all See all following
More Actions Wendell has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Wendell Laidley Chief Financial Officer at Big Switch Networks Big Switch Networks Princeton University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail As an experienced finance executive with over 20 years of experience, I have scaled enterprise SaaS and consumer services companies through hyper-growth. By leveraging my background in technology equity research and investment banking, I have an intimate understanding of the operational and strategic finance requirements necessary to grow a business. ➤ My passion for the software industry began during my 10-year stint as a Wall Street equity research analyst. During that period, I gained a reputation as a thought leader in identifying emerging industry trends which resulted in repeatedly being voted to Institutional Investor magazine’s All-America equity research team. I was awarded more than 40 software industry corporate finance mandates and was directly involved in IPO and M&A transactions with a collective value of >$43 BB. ➤ My experience as a founder has provided me with firsthand knowledge of the challenges associated with scaling operations for high-growth businesses. More recently, as a finance executive, I have partnered with executive teams to enhance financial planning, streamline sales forecasting, initiate operational analytics, implement treasury operations, introduce risk controls, and build out high caliber finance teams. ➤ Having been directly involved in raising >$275 MM of debt and equity, I have an appreciation for the deliverables, expectations, and timeline associated with the process of attracting investments from leading VC, private equity, and crossover growth investors. I have implemented the investor relations functions required for a privately-held company and made preparations for a public market debut. ➤ I thrive on addressing the challenges associated with scaling operations at high growth businesses and working with world-class teams to produce successful outcomes. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Wendell’s Activity 1,634 followers Global Convergence Inc. Intensifies Intelligent SDN Control for Solution Provider Partners with Addition of Big Switch Networks® to its Solutions Portfolio Wendell liked Uber's main business problems now: 1) Decision-making 2) Recruiting 3) Retention 4) Partnering 5) Massive Google lawsuit Wendell liked Now that Uber doesn't have a CEO, COO, CTO, or CFO, I guess this is the closest it's ever been to a self-driving car company. Wendell liked I walked out on my career as one of the top headhunters in tech because I was bored, needed a challenge and wanted to LEARN. #renewyourself Wendell liked Gigamon stock spikes on sale talk; Possible buyers include Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Cisco Systems, F5 Networks, Juniper Networks, Palo Alto Networks, Fortinet and Thoma Bravo's Riverbed Technology - Silicon Valley Business Journal Wendell commented Financial Reporting Brief June 2017 | Deloitte Ireland | Audit Wendell liked See all activity Experience Chief Financial Officer Company Name Big Switch Networks Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Santa Clara, CA Big Switch Networks is the Next-Generation Data Center Networking company. Founded in 2010, the company's roots trace back to the Stanford research team that invented Software Defined Networking (SDN) and OpenFlow. Big Switch is enabling Enterprises and Service Providers to realize the benefits of hyper-scale data center designs and the associated benefits: reduce costs, improve productivity, provide pervasive security, and deliver even greater scale with dramatically improved TCO. Venture investors include Index, Khosla, Morgenthaler, Redpoint, In-Q-Tel, Intel Capital along with notable Angels and strategic partners. Founder & CFO Company Name Camp K-9 of Marin Dates Employed 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs Location Corte Madera, CA (Marin County) As the owner of several Labradors in a county that boasts the highest per capita dog population in the USA, I was inspired to create a premiere dog care service. I established a highly profitable multi-million dollar recurring revenue company that spans day care, overnight boarding, and training to serve the needs of dogs and their owners. ➤ Formulated the business plan, obtained real estate, created the go-to-market strategy, hired staff, designed the branding blueprint, constructed financial models, and launched operations VP Finance, Treasury & Investor Relations Company Name AppDynamics Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area AppDynamics was a privately held SaaS-based infrastructure software company that was acquired for $3.7 BB by Cisco in January 2017 (richest SaaS acquisition multiple in history). It raised >$300 MM from Greylock, Lightspeed, KPCB, IVP, Battery, and GA. As a partner to the CFO, I oversaw numerous functional areas including FP&A, operational analytics, treasury, pricing and investor relations. Since joining the company, employee headcount expanded from 350 to >1,000 and annual revenue grew from $50 MM to >$200 MM. ➤ Primary owner of the investor deck and partnered with executive team to refine the company’s positioning➤ Responsible for reporting to existing shareholders and served as primary liaison to 25+ sell-side equity research analysts➤ As member of fundraising team, interfaced with prospective investors and addressed due diligence inquiries ahead of securing $158 MM (Series F) at a valuation >$1.9 BB and $120 MM (Series E) at valuation >$1 BB valuation➤ Implemented financial infrastructure, hired a team, and established cash forecasting functions to support the growth of foreign entities to 20+ countries➤ Directed expansion of domestic and global banking partnerships, including foreign currency operations, capex lease agreements, and renegotiated the debt amendments➤ Introduced and managed rollout of treasury policies, including IPS, while optimizing cash balances and initiating design of FX hedging program➤ Oversaw expansion of FP&A team, initiated bookings and revenue management dashboards, established quarterly product and geography targets, and enhanced sales force productivity analysis ➤ Designed operational analytics framework, calculated SaaS metrics, tracked 150+ KPIs, formalized churn definitions, quantified renewal and expansion rates, and launched cohort analysis➤ As Pricing Committee Chair, had responsibility for approving new SKUs, producing quarterly discount analysis, and introducing new consumption-based pricing models Founder, COO & CFO Company Name Realm Cellars Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 11 yrs 7 mos Location St. Helena, CA Realm is privately held top-tier Napa Valley winery as recognized by notable wine critics. It was cited as one of Napa’s most impressive newcomers by Wine Spectator and has consistently produced top scoring wines. After executing against a highly profitable consumer-direct model for 10+ years since co-founding the business, I was approached by an investor group who brought additional capital and consumer brand expertise. Today Realm Cellars is widely regarded as one of the top red wine labels in Napa Valley. ➤ Designed growth strategy, positioned multi-product portfolio, hired full-time team of 8 people, and established multi-channel distribution network in 3 continents ➤ Constructed highly profitable consumer-direct business model➤ Obtained financing from SVB after first 5 years of self-financed operations, and negotiated supplier contracts ➤ Achieved rapid revenue growth as annual production expanded to 4,000 cases, average retail bottle price exceeded $100, and sold 80% of annual production direct-to-consumer to maximize margins➤ Following extensive negotiations and financial due diligence, secured equity partners with relevant wine industry expertise Analyst, Portfolio Manager & Principal Company Name RS Investments Dates Employed Feb 2002 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco As a principal of the investment management firm that spun out from Robertson Stephens investment bank, I was a major contributor to the growth group’s investment performance. When the firm’s assets under management increased to >$11 BB it was acquired by Guardian Insurance. ➤ Responsible for all software and IT services investments which accounted for roughly 20% of the holdings within the various portfolios➤ Co-Portfolio Manager for the RS Technology Fund which was one of the top-performing sector funds per Morningstar➤ Leveraged industry domain knowledge and detailed company analysis to sizable investments that were highly profitable➤ Was a top 5 investor in early SaaS company WebEx, which was acquired by Cisco for $3.2 BB, a 23% premium See more positions Education Princeton University Field Of Study Princeton-in-Asia Fellowship Program Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1993 Activities and Societies: lived in Japan Cornell University Field Of Study FALCON Post-Graduate Japanese Language Program Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1991 Hobart College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Hobart Scholar, Treasurer of Chi Phi Fraternity, Club Rugby Team Captain, Ski Race Team Featured Skills & Endorsements Venture Capital See 44 endorsements for Venture Capital 44 Venture Capital Endorsed by Jennifer Jordan and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Wendell’s colleagues at AppDynamics Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 31 endorsements for Equities 31 Equities Endorsed by Garrett Van Wagoner and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Wendell’s colleagues at AppDynamics Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 31 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 31 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Jennifer Jordan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Wendell’s colleagues at AppDynamics Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Wendell has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Association For Financial Professionals Financial Executives International National Investor Relations Institute Wendell has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Institutional Investor All-America Research Team Wendell has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Japanese Interests Tanium 8,889 followers comma.ai 512 followers Machinio.com - We're Hiring! 235 followers Kyriba 6,232 followers Veriflow 588 followers SigOpt 272 followers See all See all following
More Actions Di has a account Di Gu Equity Investment Analyst at Power Corporation of Canada (QFII) Power Corporation of Canada Brandeis University, Lemberg - International Business School Pudongxin District, Shanghai, China 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail **CFA LEVEL II CANDIDATE **MULTI-LINGUAL - Fluent in English, Chinese and Japanese EXPERIENCE: --------------------- 4.5 years of diverse experience fostered at global work environments of Novo Nordisk A/S, McKinsey & Company, L.E.K. Consulting, GF Securities and Boston Technologies. GOAL: --------- To harness my skills and experience, and contribute towards the growth of the organization. To learn, leverage potential and exceed expectation in all situations. To follow my passion and be passionate about the work I do. Specialties: Financial Modeling Financial Statement Analysis Industry Research and Competitive Analysis Consulting and Business Development Equity research Credit Risk Analysis Financial Risk Management Marketing Strategy Development Bloomberg Delivering Important Presentations See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Power Corporation of Canada Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Shanghai City, China Canada-based investment holding company with a QFII license in China, focusing on equity value-investment.Analyzing Chinese companies listed in China Mainland, Hong Kong and U.S. stock exchanges through a deep value approach, with a primary focus on the healthcare sector. Global Graduate Program Company Name Novo Nordisk A/S Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Copenhagen, Denmark & Princeton, NJ The Global Graduate Program is a 2-year leadership development program for post-graduates with a recent master degree, with 4 rotations of 6 months each. Media (1) This position has 1 media Global Finance Graduate Program - Novo Nordisk A/S Global Finance Graduate Program - Novo Nordisk A/S This media is a link Business Intelligence Summer Intern Company Name Boston Technologies Inc Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Boston Area • Recommended 4 potential clients from ~100 Chinese foreign exchange brokerages based on market landscape analysis, opening up expansion in Asia for business development; Presented to CEO;• Created "Start Your Own Brokerage" recommendation package to expand corporate client development, and assisted 20-30 clients daily in conjunction with sales force Investment Banking Analyst Intern Company Name GF Securities Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Shanghai, China • Designed DCF financial models to evaluate 10-year future cash flow in a restaurant industry IPO project, assessing competitive landscape and aiding in pricing decisions;• Researched and analyzed over 60 investment activities of Chinese internet industry, recommending 5 M&A targets of USD 20 million based on financial conditions and synergy analysis Associate Consultant Intern Company Name L.E.K. Consulting Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Shanghai, China • Conducted Due Diligence research for a chemical industry M&A project, interviewing over 200 distributors to analyze their operation situation; Selected 30 target companies for client;• Analyzed advancement of cement industry in the central region of China; Interviewed Economy Commission and 20 local cement firms about the New Dry Method production situations See more positions Education Brandeis University, Lemberg - International Business School Degree Name MA Field Of Study Internatianal Economics and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Chairman of Public Relation for Chinese Students and Scholars Association, Director for Ascend Brandeis Chapter, ALPFA, European Business Club Courses: Financial Theory, Global Economic Environment, Accounting and Financial Analysis,International Corporate Finance, Fixed Income Securities, Options and Derivatives, Financial Modeling,Security Analysis, Transnational Negotiation, Econometric.Computer Simulation and Risk Management. Credit Risk Analysis. Shanghai Jiao Tong University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Finance & Business English Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: President and Initiator - Future Leadership Association(Leading 140 members) Team Leader at AIESEC(Leading 20 members) Goldman Sachs Global Leaders Fellowship, nominee (10/3200 selected)Excellent Academic Scholarship (Top 1%) The Chinese University of Hong Kong Degree Name Exchange Field Of Study English & Economy Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Director and Organizer, Global Culture Festival Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 31 endorsements for Financial Modeling 31 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Devender Sandhu, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Di’s colleagues at Novo Nordisk Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 23 endorsements for Corporate Finance 23 Corporate Finance Endorsed by 3 of Di’s colleagues at Novo Nordisk Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 18 endorsements for Financial Analysis 18 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Di’s colleagues at Novo Nordisk Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Jack Xu Partner (PE) at Search&Staaffing International September 14, 2016, Jack worked with Di but at different companies It is great to witness the career development of Di in secondary market investment industry since her first day at PPCL. I'm fully confident that she is going to be a good investor in coming years. Michael McKay Advisory Partner at Bain & Company February 17, 2012, Michael was Di’s teacher Di took my courses in Private Equity and Securities Analysis. She was a diligent student who performed excellent financial analysis in my classes. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Jack Xu Partner (PE) at Search&Staaffing International September 14, 2016, Di was a client of Jack’s Jack is a very devoted and professional recruiter, with passion and persistence for top tier result delivery. It is my pleasure to recommend him. Accomplishments Di has 18 courses 18 Expand courses section Courses Applications of Econometrics Commercial Bankruptcy Computer Simulation and Risk Management Credit Risk Analysis Financial Accounting Financial Modeling Financial Statement Analysis Financial Theory Fixed Income Securities Global Economic Enviornment Di has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Japanese Di has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Stock Pitch-Securities Analysis THE DEAL M&A Business Competition, Sponsored by JP Morgan Interests Michael Page 1,085,357 followers Shanghai Jiao Tong University 115,843 followers Baird 25,500 followers TM Capital Corp. 2,405 followers Chinese Overseas Talent Pool (TOP Chinese) 中国海外人才库 59,009 members Time Magazine 1,299,203 followers See all See all following
More Actions James has a account James Cakmak Internet Equity Research Analyst Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc. The Johns Hopkins University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Sell-side equity research analyst covering Internet/TMT Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Internet Director Company Name Telsey Advisory Group Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Internet Equity Analyst Company Name Sidoti & Company, LLC Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Internet Account Executive Company Name Zurich Financial Services Dates Employed Jul 2003 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Education The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics, German Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 20 endorsements for Equities 20 Equities Endorsed by Richard G. (Rick) Phillips and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of James’ colleagues at Sidoti & Company Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 14 endorsements for Equity Research 14 Equity Research Endorsed by Todd Schwartzman, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of James’ colleagues at Sidoti & Company Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 13 endorsements for Financial Modeling 13 Financial Modeling Endorsed by AB Mendez, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of James’ colleagues at Sidoti & Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments James has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Series 7, 63, 86, 87 Interests Jon SteinbergJon Steinberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO of Cheddar 132,339 followers Dennis K. BermanDennis K. Berman is a LinkedIn Influencer Financial Editor of the Wall Street Journal 152,254 followers Henry BlodgetHenry Blodget is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Editor, Business Insider 469,285 followers The Johns Hopkins University Alumni 24,263 members CFA Institute Members 69,517 members Tom KeeneTom Keene is a LinkedIn Influencer Bloomberg Surveillance: TV then Radio 192,572 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ishwarya has a account Ishwarya Gopalan Senior Analyst at Emery capital Emery Capital Indian Institute of Planning and Management Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India 232 232 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Analyst Company Name Emery Capital Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Equity Research Analyst Company Name Sys Two Analytics & Research India Private Limited Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Chennai Independent Financial Consultant Company Name Virtu Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Chennai Equity research (Buy side) Company Name Vistasoft India P. Ltd Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Chennai Area, India Equity research analyst for US Healthcare with complete ownership of analysis and recommendations.• Track global macro-economic trends, economic/ taxation policy shifts, sector specific trends to understand sector/ market momentum.• Advise Portfolio Managers on trading opportunities based on catalysts, events driving convergence/ divergence in performance.• M&A Analysis: Identify possible M&A targets, deal analysis and analyse impact on balance sheet and dynamics• Interaction with sell-side analysts, participation in earnings conference calls. . • Perform SOTP, comparable valuation, Scenario analysis of stocks against global benchmarks.• Prepare Industry Analysis and provide read-through at both fundamental and stock levels after regulatory changes, policy shifts and major global events. Equity Research Analyst (Sell side) Company Name CRISIL Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos • Responsible for building and maintaining models, preparing sector reports, business summaries and initiation reports for companies under coverage. • Built 19 end to end financial models and restructured 10 models across sectors including pharma, mining, retail, FMCG, oil and gas, service and consulting. This includes identification of business drivers, linking financial statement, forecasting and valuation using discounted cash flow, relative valuation and dividend discount models.• Preparing Investment rationale by analyzing the strategic decisions of the company, also evaluating companies based on the board and management structure, share holding pattern, auditors opinion and information disclosure.• Drafted sector research reports for Australian apparel retail sector and European pharamaceutical, detailing its environment trends as well as growth potential, competition in market, financial scenario and prepared SWOT analysis for leading players.• Built a comprehensive model that evaluates and scores companies based on its corporate governence practices.• Supported clients during earnings preview & review and Annual general meetings -updating models and preparing earnings preview report and news alerts. Education Indian Institute of Planning and Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Anna University Degree Name B.Tech Field Of Study Bio technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Benchmark Six Sigma Field Of Study Benchmark Six Sigma Black belt See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 14 endorsements for Equity Research 14 Equity Research Srinath .V and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 12 endorsements for Valuation 12 Valuation Parimanam Pandian and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Trading See 11 endorsements for Trading 11 Trading Krutika RathanaSabapathi and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests National University of Singapore 186,741 followers Fidelity Investments 311,701 followers Deloitte India 56,189 followers Confluence Consulting India Pvt Ltd 9,003 followers Research analyst jobs in mumbai 1,824 members ESP Consultant India Pvt. Ltd. 2,617 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sundeep has a account Sundeep Bajikar Senior Director at Applied Materials Applied Materials The Wharton School San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I help individuals and organizations analyze and make investments. My expertise lies at the intersection of Technology and Value Investing. My book titled "Equity Research for the Technology Investor - Value Investing in Technology Stocks" was published on 3/22/16 in both Kindle and Paperback editions. In my current position at Applied Materials I am responsible for business intelligence, business development and strategic planning. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Sundeep’s Articles & Activity 1,302 followers Watch the Video - Sundeep Bajikar on 5GQ Sundeep Bajikar on LinkedIn See 6 more articles Proud to be on stage with @YvetteCameron @successfactors and Greg Campbell @sapfieldglass to showcase SAP Data Network’s machine learning powered Live Insights for Workforce at #HRTechWorld. #SAPDataNetwork "Experts predict that by the end of 2017, nearly 45% of the world’s total workforce will be comprised of contingent workers, including independent contractors, SOW-based labor and freelancers” – Yvette Cameron, SVP Strategy @successfactors at #HRTechWorld. Sundeep liked Software Architect - Networks in San Francisco, CA, 94103 Sundeep liked Coseer Recognized among 50 Fastest Growing Companies of the Year Sundeep liked See all activity Experience Senior Director Strategic Marketing Company Name Applied Materials Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Santa Clara Business intelligence, business development and strategic planning. Founder and Managing Director Company Name acteve LLC Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Francisco I founded acteve LLC to redefine traditional active management (e.g. mutual funds, hedge funds) by empowering individuals to manage their own investments through a mindful process. acteve LLC provides investment advice based on a proprietary acteve Model Portfolio (aMP). aMP is designed to simplify portfolio construction and monitoring for the individual investor in a transparent way that is uncommon in the financial services industry. aMP seeks to deliver capital protection and superior returns through a unique but well-defined process. Learn more at http://acteveam.com. Media (1) This position has 1 media acteve - active management redefined. acteve - active management redefined. This media is a link Author & Publisher Company Name DBA BAJIKAR TECH INVESTOR Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location San Francisco Published perhaps the only book ever written on Value Investing in Technology Stocks. Media (1) This position has 1 media Equity Research for the Technology Investor - Equity Research Equity Research for the Technology Investor - Equity Research This media is a link Adjunct Research Director Company Name Counterpoint Research (Counterpoint Technology Market Research) Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location San Francisco Technology industry research focused on self-driving car, AR/VR and IoT. Media (1) This position has 1 media 4 Reasons Why Self-Driving Cars Are Coming Sooner Than You Think - acteve 4 Reasons Why Self-Driving Cars Are Coming Sooner Than You Think - acteve This media is a link Consultant Company Name Vine Street Capital Management, LLC Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location San Francisco Equity Research with emphasis on Technology Stocks. Fund raising and developing client presentations. See more positions Education The Wharton School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 International Corporate Finance, Advanced Mathematical Modeling, Advanced Accounting Stanford University Degree Name Graduate Non-Degree Option Field Of Study GPS, Telecommunications Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Studied GPS technology under the guidance of Dr. Per Enge.Published a technical paper on GPS in the Proceedings of the Institute of Navigation.Theorized and patented application of Local Area Augmentation System (LAAS) for precise location of mobile devices. LAAS is used for automatic landing of commercial airplanes. Media (1) This position has 1 media Time-Based GPS Trajectory Guidance Time-Based GPS Trajectory Guidance This media is a document University of Minnesota Degree Name MSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 VLSI Design & Computer Architecture See more education Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Ivan Donaldson Vice President of Corporate Strategy at Micron Technology April 22, 2013, Sundeep worked with Ivan but at different companies Ivan is one of the finest technology industry professionals that I have had the pleasure of working with in my role as a Senior Analyst covering Micron. He has always impressed with his ability to deliver insights on complex or controversial topics, striking the perfect balance between data-driven objective analysis and subjective commentary that raises curiosity. He is highly driven, and his work ethic is strong. Matt Jardin Inner Loop Control Lead at Blue Origin January 12, 2010, Sundeep and Matt were students together I had the pleasure of studying Global Positioning System (GPS) technology at Stanford with Matt. In addition to jointly publishing a paper on GPS-based navigation, Matt and I were also part of an entrepreneurial team that experimented with one of the early location-based services (LBS) product and business models. Matt is an able and determined technologist with a solid pedigree, and an impressive personality. I look forward to another opportunity to work with him in the future. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Sundeep has 13 patents 13 Expand patents section Patents Using a trusted-platform-based shared-secret derivation and WWAN infrastructure-based enrollment to establish a secure local channel Method and system to provide a trusted channel within a computer system for a SIM device Method and system and authenticating a user of a computer system that has a trusted platform module (TPM) Bluetooth.TM. based security system Mobile computer system having a navigation mode to optimize system performance and power management for mobile applications Method and apparatus for mobile device location via a network based local area augmentation system Mitigating interference among multiple radio device types Method and apparatus for controlling access to mobile devices Method and apparatus for location based wireless roaming between communication networks Method and apparatus for controlling access to mobile devices Sundeep has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Korean Marathi Sundeep has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award 2014 Institutional Investor Rising Star Sundeep has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Equity Research for the Technology Investor: Value Investing in Technology Stocks Interests CES 26,941 members COEP Alumni 6,247 members Silicon Valley NewTech 8,337 members Counterpoint Research (Counterpoint Technology Market Research) 1,575 followers College of Engineering Pune 22,377 followers University of Minnesota-Twin Cities 283,435 followers See all See all following
More Actions Colin has a account Colin Langan Analyst at UBS UBS Columbia University - Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience US Autos Analyst Company Name UBS Dates Employed May 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Lead analyst responsible for US automakers, auto suppliers, and auto dealers Senior Accountant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Aug 1999 – Aug 2003 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 University of Notre Dame Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 10 endorsements for Equity Research 10 Equity Research Endorsed by 5 of Colin’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 8 endorsements for Financial Modeling 8 Financial Modeling Safraz Jehaludi and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 7 endorsements for Financial Analysis 7 Financial Analysis Safraz Jehaludi and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Hutchin Hill Capital 1,360 followers Columbia Business School 74,054 followers nuTonomy 3,088 followers Millennium Management 13,430 followers Pershing Square Capital Management 5,829 followers UBS 456,532 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ramanath has a account Ramanath Mahindrakar Equity Research Analyst at SG Analytics SG Analytics Goa University Pune, Maharashtra, India 152 152 connections Send InMail Equity research analyst with over 4 years of experience. Highlights Follow Follow Ramanath’s Activity 152 followers Meet Mobobeat at Affiliate World Europe , Berlin on 14th and 15th June. You can schedule a meeting here: https://lnkd.in/f_pHTAA Rock your traffic with our offers! Ramanath liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name SG Analytics Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Associate Analyst Company Name SG Analytics Dates Employed May 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Pune, Maharashtra, India Financial modelling Senior Executive (Finance) Company Name Mangal Advisory Services Dates Employed May 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Panjim - Goa. Financial Analysis, Project Feasibility Analysis, Financial Modelling Network Support Engineer Company Name Smartlink Network Systems Limited Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Verna - Goa. Education Goa University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Goa University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Electronics and Telecommunications Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 1 endorsement for Financial Analysis 1 Financial Analysis Mayuk Nag has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Team Management See 1 endorsement for Team Management 1 Team Management Shesham Bidaye has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ramanath has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Kannada Konkani Marathi Ramanath has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Level 1 Interests Accenture 2,760,940 followers Goa University 15,651 followers Euromonitor International 89,574 followers Mangal Advisory Services 20 followers SG Analytics 13,837 followers Goa University 16,042 followers
More Actions Haifeng has a account Haifeng Cao Equity analyst @ Nomura Nomura Daniels College of Business,University of Denver Hong Kong 305 305 connections Send InMail CFA Level III Candidates Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name Nomura Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity Research Associate Company Name 瑞信银行 Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Hong Kong and Shanghai Financial Analyst Intern Company Name Investwide Capital LLC Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location New York • Responsible for extending operation of IW to Omaha• Organized and coordinated the summer internship program of IW • Participated in conference calls of IW each week and discussed about hot topics in the current global market Financial Intern Company Name Huaxin Asset Management, LLC Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Shanghai • Traded stock futures in accordance with signals of program received which resulted in high personal commission based on trading accuracy• Used statistical software to analyze and study data required for quantitative analysis of model parameters Financial Intern in Research and Development Department Company Name HUA AN Futures LLC(Shanghai) Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Shanghai,China • Handled the inventory and price of LME (London Metal Exchange) Copper and LME Aluminum and the stock of Yangtze River non-ferrous Copper and Aluminum each day, inputted latest data into database of the company, made daily reports about the market changes/trends• Translated report into Chinese for our clients• Learned first-hand knowledge about the species of LME Copper, LME Aluminum and Yangtze River non-ferrous Copper and Aluminum and also about the macro futures market Education Daniels College of Business,University of Denver Degree Name Master Field Of Study Finance Grade 3.8/4 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Investment Banking & Capital Markets Relevant Project: ACG Case Competition Participant: Merger & Acquisition Relevant Honor: Daniels Business Scholarship Shanghai University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: • New Oriental Education & Technology Group (Shanghai) Inc: Teaching Assistant • Junior Achievement SCOPE Global Business Ethics Speech training: Team leader • Sydney Institute of Language and Commerce Presentation Competition • Student Employment Union: Vice-Director Central Ostrobothnia University (Finland) of Applied Science Degree Name Exchange Study Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 19 endorsements for Financial Modeling 19 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Ning Jin and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 12 endorsements for Financial Analysis 12 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 6 people who know Financial Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 9 endorsements for Valuation 9 Valuation Benjamin Yu Jiapeng and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Haifeng has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Financial Accounting Financial Accounting and Reporting Financial Modeling Fixed Income Investment Marsico Fund Mutinational Finance Security Analysis Haifeng has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score GMAT Interests Chinese Overseas Talent Pool (TOP Chinese) 中国海外人才库 59,009 members Aviva Investors 19,947 followers Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members Merrill Lynch 396,679 followers University of Denver Alumni 13,211 members Mill Creek Capital Advisors, LLC 430 followers See all See all following
More Actions Li has a account Li Yu Founder & CEO of 余皪英语工作室 - Ataraxy English Studio 余皪英语工作室(Ataraxy English Studio) Beijing Foreign Studies University Wuhan City, Hubei, China 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail 1) Former Goldman Sachs equity research analyst (10-year experience in healthcare industry) 2) English proficiency: IELTS 8.5, iBT TOEFL 118 3) Other linguistic certificates: passed Japanese N1 test, French College Band 4, CATTI holder 4) Sports preference: marathon (330 full-course finisher), soccer, basketball See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Li’s Activity 827 followers Missed the WWDC 2017 Keynote? Here Are Apple’s 9 Biggest Announcements Li shared this See all activity Experience Founder & CEO Company Name 余皪英语工作室(Ataraxy English Studio) Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Wuhan, Hubei, China 余皪英语工作室（Ataraxy English Studio），致力于成为助力武汉国际化发展的英语工作室平台。 Media (3) This position has 3 media 余皪英语工作室 - Ataraxy English Studio 余皪英语工作室 - Ataraxy English Studio This media is a link 【荔枝FM】余皪英语工作室 【荔枝FM】余皪英语工作室 This media is a link 【荔枝FM】余皪英语工作室 【荔枝FM】余皪英语工作室 This media is a link Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Shanghai, CHINAEquity investment research analyst, covering China healthcare sector, which rans the gamut from chemical drugs, TCM, API medical devices, pharma distribution/retail to healthcare services.Our coverage includes Chinese HC names listed in China Mainland (A-share), Hong Kong (H-share), Singapore and the US. Financial Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos Beijing, CHINA- Involved in modeling restructuring related work for a broad-range of industry coverage. Financial Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs (India) Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Bangalore, INDIA- Global Investment Research Division at Goldman Sachs, with Tactical Research Group in Bangalore, India Intern consulting assistant Company Name Bain & Company Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 10 mos - Worked as a Part-time analyst with Bain & Company to assist associate consultants to perform a variety of market probing projects. See more positions Education Beijing Foreign Studies University Degree Name School of International Business; B.A. in Economics (Finance) and Dual B.A. in English Literature Field Of Study Finance Department Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: SIFE BFSU SIFE North-eastern Championship for 3 consecutive seasons from 2005-2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 17 endorsements for Financial Modeling 17 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Li’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 9 endorsements for Investment Banking 9 Investment Banking Yu L. and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis Financial Analysis No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Niharika Thakur Deloitte Consulting - Strategy & Operations October 18, 2010, Niharika was senior to Li but didn’t manage directly Niharika is the VERY first buddy I met in my career, and being an Indian mentor to a Chinese rookie in Bangalore is a bar-none wonderful experience. Niharika's technical skill facilitated my integration into Goldman Sachs, India as a non-local teammate. However, what really left a lasting impact on me is her passion, kindness and the burning desire for a great job. Working with her is a great experience, and I grew fastest at the start, this can never be over-emphasized. Accomplishments Interests Goldman Sachs 809,537 followers AnalystForum.com for CFA charterholders & candidates 8,097 members Wuhan No.6 High School Alumni 25 members Beijing Foreign Studies University 25,820 followers PACK Pharmaceuticals, LLC 1,560 followers Beijing Foreign Studies University 24,392 followers See all See all following
More Actions Derek has a account Derek Aherne, CFA Head of Technology, Media & Telecom Sector at CFRA Research CFRA Research University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan-Flagler Business School Washington D.C. Metro Area 417 417 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Head of Technology, Media & Telecom Sector Company Name CFRA Research Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Equity Research Analyst - Industrials Sector Company Name CFRA Research Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Risk and Valuation Analyst Company Name Primatics Financial Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location McLean, VA Portfolio Management Intern Company Name Hatteras Funds Dates Employed May 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Raleigh, NC Investment Performance Analyst Company Name Cambridge Associates Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Arlington, VA See more positions Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan-Flagler Business School Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Wake Forest University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Major: Business; Minor: International Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 8 endorsements for Valuation 8 Valuation Chris Moore and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 4 endorsements for Financial Modeling 4 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Alberto Modolo, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 4 endorsements for Investments 4 Investments Chris Moore and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Derek has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder Interests UNC Kenan-Flagler Full Time MBA Class of 2011 2,392 members CFRA 132 followers Wake Forest Alumni 18,124 members UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School 26,761 followers UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School 33,416 followers CFRA Research 1,093 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Thibodeaux Founder & President at Goodwood Capital Management, LLC Goodwood Capital Management Louisiana State University Baton Rouge, Louisiana Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Goodwood Capital Management, LLC is a Fundamentally Driven, Research Focused money manager serving institutions, endowments, and individuals. Founded by Ryan Thibodeaux, Goodwood focuses on Long Short Equity. The firm currently manages the Goodwood Long Short Equity Strategy in a Managed Account and Mutual Funds. https://goodwoodcapitalmgmt.com/ See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Ryan’s Articles & Activity 1,425 followers GAMAX/GAMIX - 3 Year Anniversary Ryan Thibodeaux on LinkedIn See 8 more articles The Battle For Whole Foods Isn’t Over Ryan liked Lessons in Long Short Equity that put the Current Market into Perspective Ryan liked Death of the human investor: Just 10% of trading is regular stock picking, JPMorgan estimates Ryan liked See all activity Experience Founder / President / Portfolio Manager Company Name Goodwood Capital Management Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Baton Rouge, Louisiana Goodwood Capital Management, LLC is a Fundamentally Driven, Research Focused money manager serving institutions, endowments, and individuals.Founded by Ryan Thibodeaux, Goodwood focuses on Long Short Equity. The firm currently manages the Goodwood Long Short Equity Strategy in a Managed Account and Mutual Funds.https://goodwoodcapitalmgmt.com/ Board Of Directors Company Name Emerge School for Autism Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Baton Rouge, Louisiana Treasurer / Board of Directors Company Name The Emerge Center (formerly Baton Rouge Speech and Hearing Foundation) Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location Baton Rouge, Louisiana Area The Emerge Center is Louisiana's flagship non-profit therapeutic center for young children with Autism. Emerge offers a comprehensive suite of services for children with Autism, regardless of their ability to pay. Partner & Sr Equity Research Analyst Company Name Maple Leaf Partners, LP Dates Employed Nov 2002 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 9 yrs 2 mos Location Baton Rouge, Louisiana Area Maple Leaf Partners is an equity hedge fund firm founded by Dane Andreeff in 1996. Ryan joined Maple Leaf in November 2002 as the first equity research analyst. In January 2003, Julian Robertson's Tiger Management became a strategic investor in Maple Leaf.Ryan was responsible generating investment reccomendations for the firm's portfolios in the Technology, Consumer and Industrial sectors. As a Sr. Equity Research Analyst he performed in-depth financial analysis, interviewed company management teams, built robust financial forecasting models and became an expert on dozens of companies. As the firm grew rapidly from 2003-2008, he also developed systems and processes that allowed the firm to scale to over $2 billion in assets. In 2009 Ryan became a Partner in the firm. Broker Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Nov 2002 Employment Duration 11 mos See more positions Education Louisiana State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Catholic High School, Baton Rouge, LA Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Mariya Rashkovska Partner at hacker.works September 15, 2008, Ryan was a client of Mariya’s Thanks for everything Mariya. You have consistently exceeded our expectations during this process. Thank you for making this huge transition for us a smooth as possible. I don’t know what we would have done without you. We look forward to a long and prosperous relationship with Netage. Accomplishments Interests ISI Group 2,179 followers Hillary ClintonHillary Clinton is a LinkedIn Influencer 2016 Presidential Candidate 710,567 followers Louisiana State University 171,248 followers 361 Capital 1,668 followers Autism Speaks Supporters 33,337 members Louisiana State University 177,738 followers See all See all following
More Actions Li has a account Li Yu Founder & CEO of 余皪英语工作室 - Ataraxy English Studio 余皪英语工作室(Ataraxy English Studio) Beijing Foreign Studies University Wuhan City, Hubei, China 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail 1) Former Goldman Sachs equity research analyst (10-year experience in healthcare industry) 2) English proficiency: IELTS 8.5, iBT TOEFL 118 3) Other linguistic certificates: passed Japanese N1 test, French College Band 4, CATTI holder 4) Sports preference: marathon (330 full-course finisher), soccer, basketball See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Li’s Activity 827 followers Missed the WWDC 2017 Keynote? Here Are Apple’s 9 Biggest Announcements Li shared this See all activity Experience Founder & CEO Company Name 余皪英语工作室(Ataraxy English Studio) Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Wuhan, Hubei, China 余皪英语工作室（Ataraxy English Studio），致力于成为助力武汉国际化发展的英语工作室平台。 Media (3) This position has 3 media 余皪英语工作室 - Ataraxy English Studio 余皪英语工作室 - Ataraxy English Studio This media is a link 【荔枝FM】余皪英语工作室 【荔枝FM】余皪英语工作室 This media is a link 【荔枝FM】余皪英语工作室 【荔枝FM】余皪英语工作室 This media is a link Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Shanghai, CHINAEquity investment research analyst, covering China healthcare sector, which rans the gamut from chemical drugs, TCM, API medical devices, pharma distribution/retail to healthcare services.Our coverage includes Chinese HC names listed in China Mainland (A-share), Hong Kong (H-share), Singapore and the US. Financial Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos Beijing, CHINA- Involved in modeling restructuring related work for a broad-range of industry coverage. Financial Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs (India) Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Bangalore, INDIA- Global Investment Research Division at Goldman Sachs, with Tactical Research Group in Bangalore, India Intern consulting assistant Company Name Bain & Company Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 10 mos - Worked as a Part-time analyst with Bain & Company to assist associate consultants to perform a variety of market probing projects. See more positions Education Beijing Foreign Studies University Degree Name School of International Business; B.A. in Economics (Finance) and Dual B.A. in English Literature Field Of Study Finance Department Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: SIFE BFSU SIFE North-eastern Championship for 3 consecutive seasons from 2005-2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 17 endorsements for Financial Modeling 17 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Li’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 9 endorsements for Investment Banking 9 Investment Banking Yu L. and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis Financial Analysis No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Niharika Thakur Deloitte Consulting - Strategy & Operations October 18, 2010, Niharika was senior to Li but didn’t manage directly Niharika is the VERY first buddy I met in my career, and being an Indian mentor to a Chinese rookie in Bangalore is a bar-none wonderful experience. Niharika's technical skill facilitated my integration into Goldman Sachs, India as a non-local teammate. However, what really left a lasting impact on me is her passion, kindness and the burning desire for a great job. Working with her is a great experience, and I grew fastest at the start, this can never be over-emphasized. Accomplishments Interests Beijing Foreign Studies University 24,392 followers PACK Pharmaceuticals, LLC 1,560 followers AnalystForum.com for CFA charterholders & candidates 8,097 members Wuhan No.6 High School Alumni 25 members Goldman Sachs 809,537 followers Beijing Foreign Studies University 25,820 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nick has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Nick Konstantakis Equity Research Analyst at Exane Exane HEC Paris London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Nick’s Activity 782 followers Our 19th Exane BNPP CEO Conference was a BIG SUCCESS 👏👏👏👏 So proud to be part of this company. 🌟Special thanks to the Corporate Access Team 🌟 Nick liked The Extel Survey today named EXANE BNP PARIBAS the Leading Pan-European Brokerage firm for Equity Research. EXANE BNP PARIBAS was also ranked #1 in Sales and #1 Equity House. We are ranked #1 in 15 equity sectors (out of 30), while we have a Top 3 position in 25 sectors. Thank you to all of our clients for your support, it is greatly appreciated. Nick liked Tomorrow is the big day for our HEC Paris Masters students! 👩‍🎓👨‍🎓🏅 The marquee is ready to welcome them and their families! So excited!!! 😁 Nick liked EXANE WIN EQUITIES OSCARS - Broker Exane BNP Paribas, have taken the top spot for Equity Research broking, as well as Equity Sales & Sector Research, in Europe at the annual WeConvene Extel Survey (also known as the 'Oscars of the City'). The French firm have beaten the likes of UBS, who came 2nd this year, and Morgan Stanley, who came 1st for the past 2 years. Ben Spruntulis, Head of Research at Exane BNP Paribas, has commented saying: "Mifid II will fundamentally change the way equity advisory services are priced, delivered and consumed. We believe that top people, quality product and great service will be more important than ever." This comes at a crucial time with MIFID II regulations set to come into action in January. Congratulations to Exane for a wonderful clean sweep within European Equities. #SpartanInternational Nick liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Exane Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location London, United Kingdom Current Sector: Oil & GasPrevious Sectors:Food Retail, Product Management Summer Investments Analyst Company Name Aberdeen Asset Management Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom Restructuring Summer Analyst Company Name EY Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Glasgow, United Kingdom Education HEC Paris Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study International Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 University of Strathclyde Degree Name BA Hons Field Of Study Finance Grade First Class Honours (4.0) Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Amber Jones Head of Campus Solutions and Digital February 26, 2013, Nick reported directly to Amber I was reporting to Amber as part of my Brand Ambassador role for BlackRock. As I was not familiar with the role, Amber's guidance, support and advice was crucial in performing both my day to day duties and achieving my long term goal. She is always available for her teams' members, and more than willing to help and resolve any query or problem. I would be very glad to have the chance to work with Amber again in the future. Accomplishments Nick has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English German Greek Nick has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Investment Management Certificate (IMC) - Level 4 Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Interests Jamie DimonJamie Dimon is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 526,749 followers University of Strathclyde 101,737 followers Arianna HuffingtonArianna Huffington is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Thrive Global 5,394,084 followers Exane 10,185 followers HEC Paris 100,044 followers HEC Alumni / Association HEC 30,460 members See all See all following
More Actions Derek has a account Derek Aherne, CFA Head of Technology, Media & Telecom Sector at CFRA Research CFRA Research University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan-Flagler Business School Washington D.C. Metro Area 417 417 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Head of Technology, Media & Telecom Sector Company Name CFRA Research Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Equity Research Analyst - Industrials Sector Company Name CFRA Research Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Risk and Valuation Analyst Company Name Primatics Financial Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location McLean, VA Portfolio Management Intern Company Name Hatteras Funds Dates Employed May 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Raleigh, NC Investment Performance Analyst Company Name Cambridge Associates Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Arlington, VA See more positions Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan-Flagler Business School Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Wake Forest University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Major: Business; Minor: International Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 8 endorsements for Valuation 8 Valuation Chris Moore and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 4 endorsements for Financial Modeling 4 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Alberto Modolo, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 4 endorsements for Investments 4 Investments Chris Moore and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Derek has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder Interests Wake Forest Alumni 18,124 members AIM - UNC KFBS 223 members UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School 26,761 followers UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School 33,416 followers CFRA Research 1,093 followers Wake on Wall Street 1,882 members See all See all following
More Actions Chintan has a account Chintan Desai, CFA Treasury at NRG Energy NRG Energy Carnegie Mellon University - Tepper School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Investment professional with strong experience in the power, utilities, and transportation industry. Specialties: Business Development – Asset Management – Financial Analysis – Valuations – Financial Models – M&A – Due Diligence – Research – Alternative & Renewable Energy – Power Generation – Utilities – Energy Infrastructure – LNG See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Treasury Company Name NRG Energy Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Princeton, New Jersey Equity Research Associate Director Company Name UBS Dates Employed Aug 2014 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location New York, New York Marine Transport and MLPs Equity Research Intern Company Name UBS Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Power & Utilities Investment Associate, Business Development Company Name Osaka Gas Energy America Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location White Plains, NY Primarily responsible for identifying and evaluating investment opportunities in North America (renewable, regulated utilities, oil & gas, pipelines, power generation etc.) Investment Banking Analyst Company Name Rothschild Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Power, Utilities & Infrastructure Group Education Carnegie Mellon University - Tepper School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Investment Strategy Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Portfolio Manager, Tepper Opportunity Fund (2013) Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Finance; Operations & Information Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 15 endorsements for Financial Modeling 15 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Laura Pei and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chintan’s colleagues at NRG Energy Click and drag to reorder skills Due Diligence See 12 endorsements for Due Diligence 12 Due Diligence Endorsed by 2 of Chintan’s colleagues at NRG Energy Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 11 endorsements for Valuation 11 Valuation Endorsed by Laura Pei, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chintan’s colleagues at NRG Energy Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chintan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Interests PROJECT FINANCING 7,685 members Carnegie Mellon University - Tepper School of Business 18,841 followers THOMSON REUTERS 33,487 members Software & Technology (#1 in Jobs, HR, Managers, Cloud, Mobile, Voice, CRM & Big Data) 2,648,463 members Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members Asset Management (of physical assets) 54,104 members See all See all following
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Thibodeaux Founder & President at Goodwood Capital Management, LLC Goodwood Capital Management Louisiana State University Baton Rouge, Louisiana Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Goodwood Capital Management, LLC is a Fundamentally Driven, Research Focused money manager serving institutions, endowments, and individuals. Founded by Ryan Thibodeaux, Goodwood focuses on Long Short Equity. The firm currently manages the Goodwood Long Short Equity Strategy in a Managed Account and Mutual Funds. https://goodwoodcapitalmgmt.com/ See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Ryan’s Articles & Activity 1,425 followers GAMAX/GAMIX - 3 Year Anniversary Ryan Thibodeaux on LinkedIn See 8 more articles The Battle For Whole Foods Isn’t Over Ryan liked Lessons in Long Short Equity that put the Current Market into Perspective Ryan liked Death of the human investor: Just 10% of trading is regular stock picking, JPMorgan estimates Ryan liked See all activity Experience Founder / President / Portfolio Manager Company Name Goodwood Capital Management Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Baton Rouge, Louisiana Goodwood Capital Management, LLC is a Fundamentally Driven, Research Focused money manager serving institutions, endowments, and individuals.Founded by Ryan Thibodeaux, Goodwood focuses on Long Short Equity. The firm currently manages the Goodwood Long Short Equity Strategy in a Managed Account and Mutual Funds.https://goodwoodcapitalmgmt.com/ Board Of Directors Company Name Emerge School for Autism Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Baton Rouge, Louisiana Treasurer / Board of Directors Company Name The Emerge Center (formerly Baton Rouge Speech and Hearing Foundation) Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location Baton Rouge, Louisiana Area The Emerge Center is Louisiana's flagship non-profit therapeutic center for young children with Autism. Emerge offers a comprehensive suite of services for children with Autism, regardless of their ability to pay. Partner & Sr Equity Research Analyst Company Name Maple Leaf Partners, LP Dates Employed Nov 2002 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 9 yrs 2 mos Location Baton Rouge, Louisiana Area Maple Leaf Partners is an equity hedge fund firm founded by Dane Andreeff in 1996. Ryan joined Maple Leaf in November 2002 as the first equity research analyst. In January 2003, Julian Robertson's Tiger Management became a strategic investor in Maple Leaf.Ryan was responsible generating investment reccomendations for the firm's portfolios in the Technology, Consumer and Industrial sectors. As a Sr. Equity Research Analyst he performed in-depth financial analysis, interviewed company management teams, built robust financial forecasting models and became an expert on dozens of companies. As the firm grew rapidly from 2003-2008, he also developed systems and processes that allowed the firm to scale to over $2 billion in assets. In 2009 Ryan became a Partner in the firm. Broker Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Nov 2002 Employment Duration 11 mos See more positions Education Louisiana State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Catholic High School, Baton Rouge, LA Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Mariya Rashkovska Partner at hacker.works September 15, 2008, Ryan was a client of Mariya’s Thanks for everything Mariya. You have consistently exceeded our expectations during this process. Thank you for making this huge transition for us a smooth as possible. I don’t know what we would have done without you. We look forward to a long and prosperous relationship with Netage. Accomplishments Interests ISI Group 2,179 followers Goodwood Capital Management 111 followers The Emerge Center (formerly Baton Rouge Speech and Hearing Foundation) 397 followers Louisiana State University 177,738 followers Autism Speaks 40,834 followers Autism Speaks Supporters 33,337 members See all See all following
More Actions Jesse has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Jesse Hulsing Equity Research Analyst (Software) at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail VP and Equity analyst focused on enterprise software. Highlights Follow Follow Jesse’s Activity 717 followers "It's A Perfect Storm": List Of Retailers In Danger Of Bankruptcy Hits Record 22 Jesse liked Drones—what are they good for? Jesse liked Anaplan is Unlike Any Company I’ve Ever Seen Jesse liked See all activity Experience Vice President & Equity Research Analyst (Software) Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Equity analyst covering SaaS, analytics, and infrastructure software. Director Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Equity Analyst - Software and Services Company Name Pacific Crest Securities Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Associate Company Name Pacific Crest Securities Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Portland, Oregon Area Soft. Eng./Marketing/Business Development Company Name Infosys Technologies Ltd Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Education University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Finance Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 26 endorsements for Financial Modeling 26 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Marc Lewis and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Jesse’s colleagues at Pacific Crest Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 20 endorsements for Valuation 20 Valuation Endorsed by Kai Wang, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Jesse’s colleagues at Pacific Crest Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 20 endorsements for Equities 20 Equities Endorsed by 5 of Jesse’s colleagues at Pacific Crest Securities Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Brett Pollack Vice President, Strategic Finance at CA Technologies June 27, 2016, Jesse worked with Brett but at different companies As head of investor relations at Qlik, Brett was responsive, thoughtful, and very knowledgeable about the drivers of the company's model and market. Would highly recommend. Divya Gupta Corporate Director - Internet Marketing at Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces March 28, 2010, Jesse worked with Divya in different groups I've worked with Divya on a number of occasions at Infosys. Each time I come away impressed with her vision, ability to execute, and deep knowledge of the online marketing space. Her expertise with regards to e-mail marketing, SEO, social media, and lead & traffic generation is an incredible asset to our firm. She comes highly recommended. Accomplishments Interests University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 27,687 followers Teradata DBA s / DWH 5,798 members Portland Startups 3,763 members Business Intelligence Professionals (BI, Big Data, Analytics, IoT) 243,151 members animated BPO 81,760 members Distributed Computing Masters: Apache Spark Hadoop YARN Flink Storm Kafka AWS NoSQL Mesos DevOps IoT 17,987 members See all See all following
More Actions Jina has a account Jina Lee Associate Director at UBS UBS Emory University Hong Kong 426 426 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Associate Director, Client Coverage Company Name UBS Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Hong Kong APAC President's Office Associate Director, Equity Research Analyst Company Name UBS Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Hong Kong Asian Banks ResearchFocused on Asia Banks Strategy, Philippine Banks Education Emory University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Economics/ Art History Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 Phillips Academy Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 Korea Minjok Leadership Academy Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 15 endorsements for Valuation 15 Valuation Endorsed by 7 of Jina’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 13 endorsements for Financial Modeling 13 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Gary Ngan, CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Jina’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 9 endorsements for Financial Analysis 9 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Jina’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jina has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Korean Mandarin Interests Emory University 92,862 followers Adena FriedmanAdena Friedman is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO of Nasdaq 349,619 followers Jacki ZehnerJacki Zehner is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Engagement Officer - Women Moving Millions 488,931 followers Forbes 4,673,256 followers Bloomberg 1,264,417 followers LIBBLER 142 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ric has a account Ric Prentiss Managing Director at Raymond James & Associates Raymond James & Associates University of Miami Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Global Head of Telecommunications Services Research - Wireless and Towers Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Raymond James & Associates Dates Employed May 1996 – Present Employment Duration 21 yrs 2 mos Global head of telecommunications research. Engineering, Finance, M&A, International Start-ups and IR Company Name BellSouth Dates Employed Aug 1979 – May 1996 Employment Duration 16 yrs 10 mos Education University of Miami Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1983 University of Florida Degree Name BSEE Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 18 endorsements for Valuation 18 Valuation Endorsed by Ellen Lyerly and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 11 endorsements for Financial Modeling 11 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 6 people who know Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 11 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 11 Mergers & Acquisitions Ted Abrams and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Amy Wakeham Senior Strategic & Corporate Communications Executive July 1, 2014, Ric worked with Amy but at different companies Amy is an excellent IR professional. As a sell-side analyst I especially appreciated her responsiveness. She was very knowledgeable about the financial, operational and strategic aspects of the business. It is a difficult job to balance the needs of company executives, investors and analysts, but Amy was superb at it. She is also great to work with on the personal level. Accomplishments Interests TowerCo 1,809 followers University of Florida 328,820 followers University of Miami 110,939 followers Verizon Wireless 233,299 followers University of Florida 341,802 followers Telecom Executives Business Network 270,898 members See all See all following
More Actions George has a account George Staphos MD, analyst at BofA BofA Greater New York City Area 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience MD, analyst Company Name BofA Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Bank of America 801,527 followers
More Actions Paul has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Paul Vogel, CFA VP, Head of FP&A and Investor Relations at Spotify Spotify University of Pennsylvania Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Follow Follow Paul’s Activity 883 followers The 25 tech companies everyone wants to work for right now Paul liked The 9 brands millennials think do the most good for the world Paul liked Spotify Hits 140 Million Monthly Active Users After Adding 40 Million in Just One Year Paul liked Podcast: How Spotify Blazed A Trail In Audio Ads Paul liked See all activity Experience VP, Head of FP&A and Investor Relations Company Name Spotify Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Managing Director Company Name Barclays Dates Employed Dec 2013 – May 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Sr. US Internet Analyst and Head of Internet and Media Research Team. CFO Company Name OpenSky Dates Employed 2013 – 2013 Employment Duration less than a year Location New York, NY Principal Company Name Andor Capital Management Dates Employed 2012 – 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area SVP - Portfolio Manager, Analyst and Global Sector Head Consumer, Media and Internet Company Name AB Dates Employed 2001 – 2011 Employment Duration 10 yrs See more positions Education University of Pennsylvania Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Ice Hockey Team Featured Skills & Endorsements Portfolio Management See 23 endorsements for Portfolio Management 23 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Saurin D. Shah and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at OpenSky Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 16 endorsements for Hedge Funds 16 Hedge Funds Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at OpenSky Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 16 endorsements for Investments 16 Investments Endorsed by Randy Befumo and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at OpenSky Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Paul has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Paul has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Princeton Youth Hockey Association Interests Toby CosgroveToby Cosgrove is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and President at Cleveland Clinic 494,220 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,687 followers Google 4,935,115 followers The Strategic CFO 35,814 members Twitter 500,094 followers University of Pennsylvania 205,834 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephen has a account Stephen Tanal, CFA Vice President at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Syracuse University - Martin J. Whitman School of Management Greater New York City Area 269 269 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Equity research analyst covering retail hardlines and consumer Equity Research Associate Company Name Susquehanna International Group Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Focus on the managed care sub-sector of health care Prime Brokerage Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2008 – May 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education Syracuse University - Martin J. Whitman School of Management Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Finance & Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi (honors finance and accounting fraternity); Omicron Delta Epsilon (honors economics fraternity) Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Syracuse University - Martin J. Whitman School of Management 16,997 followers Goldman Sachs 809,537 followers Syracuse University - Martin J. Whitman School of Management 17,422 followers
More Actions Pooja has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Pooja Daftary Equity Analyst, MFS Investment Management MFS Investment Management Harvard Business School Singapore 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Singapore Invest in Asia ex-Japan healthcare equities Equity Research Associate Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Boston Area Senior Equity Research Associate, Emerging Markets Team (2011-2012)• Recommended equity investments in South African apparel, furniture, credit and insurance companies to emerging markets portfolio teams in Singapore and Mexico City ($5 billion strategy).Equity Research Associate, U.S. Consumer Staples and Capital Goods Teams (2009-2011)• Analyzed and valued public companies including Tupperware Brands, WD-40, Potash Corp and Harry Winston, BHP Billiton, Archer Daniels Midland, Corn Products International, Bunge Ltd and Molycorp. Summer Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Summer Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Education Harvard Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance and entrepreneurship Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Mount Holyoke College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Cathedral and John Connon School Degree Name ICSE, ISC Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 12 endorsements for Equities 12 Equities Endorsed by Aditya Khemka, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 10 endorsements for Strategy 10 Strategy Joe Miller and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Emerging Markets See 7 endorsements for Emerging Markets 7 Emerging Markets Joe Miller and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Laureate International Universities 112,377 followers MFS Investment Management 27,840 followers Harvard Business School 336,931 followers Mount Holyoke MBAs 625 members EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY INVESTOR NETWORK 15,867 members Mount Holyoke College 21,131 followers See all See all following
More Actions Haifeng has a account Haifeng Cao Equity analyst @ Nomura Nomura Daniels College of Business,University of Denver Hong Kong 305 305 connections Send InMail CFA Level III Candidates Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name Nomura Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity Research Associate Company Name 瑞信银行 Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Hong Kong and Shanghai Financial Analyst Intern Company Name Investwide Capital LLC Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location New York • Responsible for extending operation of IW to Omaha• Organized and coordinated the summer internship program of IW • Participated in conference calls of IW each week and discussed about hot topics in the current global market Financial Intern Company Name Huaxin Asset Management, LLC Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Shanghai • Traded stock futures in accordance with signals of program received which resulted in high personal commission based on trading accuracy• Used statistical software to analyze and study data required for quantitative analysis of model parameters Financial Intern in Research and Development Department Company Name HUA AN Futures LLC(Shanghai) Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Shanghai,China • Handled the inventory and price of LME (London Metal Exchange) Copper and LME Aluminum and the stock of Yangtze River non-ferrous Copper and Aluminum each day, inputted latest data into database of the company, made daily reports about the market changes/trends• Translated report into Chinese for our clients• Learned first-hand knowledge about the species of LME Copper, LME Aluminum and Yangtze River non-ferrous Copper and Aluminum and also about the macro futures market Education Daniels College of Business,University of Denver Degree Name Master Field Of Study Finance Grade 3.8/4 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Investment Banking & Capital Markets Relevant Project: ACG Case Competition Participant: Merger & Acquisition Relevant Honor: Daniels Business Scholarship Shanghai University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: • New Oriental Education & Technology Group (Shanghai) Inc: Teaching Assistant • Junior Achievement SCOPE Global Business Ethics Speech training: Team leader • Sydney Institute of Language and Commerce Presentation Competition • Student Employment Union: Vice-Director Central Ostrobothnia University (Finland) of Applied Science Degree Name Exchange Study Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 19 endorsements for Financial Modeling 19 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Ning Jin and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 12 endorsements for Financial Analysis 12 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 6 people who know Financial Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 9 endorsements for Valuation 9 Valuation Benjamin Yu Jiapeng and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Haifeng has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Financial Accounting Financial Accounting and Reporting Financial Modeling Fixed Income Investment Marsico Fund Mutinational Finance Security Analysis Haifeng has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score GMAT Interests Jefferies 64,043 followers Nomura 84,995 followers University of Denver - Daniels College of Business 18,619 followers Banking Careers 625,922 members Shanghai University 57,787 followers Mill Creek Capital Advisors, LLC 430 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jason has a account Jason Kupferberg Analyst at Jefferies & Company Jefferies & Company NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Jefferies & Company Dates Employed May 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior Equity Research Analyst covering Computer Services & IT Consulting industry, including payments and IT services/outsourcing. Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Dec 2000 – May 2011 Employment Duration 10 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior Equity Research Analyst covering Computer Services & IT Consulting industry, including payments and IT services/outsourcing. Education NYU Stern School of Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1996 The George Washington University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Lawrence High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 23 endorsements for Equity Research 23 Equity Research Endorsed by Bob Grandhi, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Jason’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 8 endorsements for Equity Valuation 8 Equity Valuation Endorsed by 3 of Jason’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 5 endorsements for Valuation 5 Valuation Endorsed by Satish Raman, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The George Washington University 189,448 followers Jefferies 64,043 followers The George Washington University 206,562 followers NYU Stern School of Business 100,904 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,950 followers
More Actions George has a account George Staphos MD, analyst at BofA BofA Greater New York City Area 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience MD, analyst Company Name BofA Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Bank of America 801,527 followers
More Actions Stephen has a account Stephen Tanal, CFA Vice President at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Syracuse University - Martin J. Whitman School of Management Greater New York City Area 269 269 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Equity research analyst covering retail hardlines and consumer Equity Research Associate Company Name Susquehanna International Group Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Focus on the managed care sub-sector of health care Prime Brokerage Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2008 – May 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education Syracuse University - Martin J. Whitman School of Management Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Finance & Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi (honors finance and accounting fraternity); Omicron Delta Epsilon (honors economics fraternity) Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Syracuse University - Martin J. Whitman School of Management 16,997 followers Goldman Sachs 809,537 followers Syracuse University - Martin J. Whitman School of Management 17,422 followers
More Actions Jason has a account Jason Kupferberg Analyst at Jefferies & Company Jefferies & Company NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Jefferies & Company Dates Employed May 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior Equity Research Analyst covering Computer Services & IT Consulting industry, including payments and IT services/outsourcing. Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Dec 2000 – May 2011 Employment Duration 10 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior Equity Research Analyst covering Computer Services & IT Consulting industry, including payments and IT services/outsourcing. Education NYU Stern School of Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1996 The George Washington University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Lawrence High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 23 endorsements for Equity Research 23 Equity Research Endorsed by Bob Grandhi, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Jason’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 8 endorsements for Equity Valuation 8 Equity Valuation Endorsed by 3 of Jason’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 5 endorsements for Valuation 5 Valuation Endorsed by Satish Raman, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The George Washington University 206,562 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,950 followers The George Washington University 189,448 followers NYU Stern School of Business 100,904 followers Jefferies 64,043 followers
More Actions Paul has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Paul Vogel, CFA VP, Head of FP&A and Investor Relations at Spotify Spotify University of Pennsylvania Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Follow Follow Paul’s Activity 883 followers The 25 tech companies everyone wants to work for right now Paul liked The 9 brands millennials think do the most good for the world Paul liked Spotify Hits 140 Million Monthly Active Users After Adding 40 Million in Just One Year Paul liked Podcast: How Spotify Blazed A Trail In Audio Ads Paul liked See all activity Experience VP, Head of FP&A and Investor Relations Company Name Spotify Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Managing Director Company Name Barclays Dates Employed Dec 2013 – May 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Sr. US Internet Analyst and Head of Internet and Media Research Team. CFO Company Name OpenSky Dates Employed 2013 – 2013 Employment Duration less than a year Location New York, NY Principal Company Name Andor Capital Management Dates Employed 2012 – 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area SVP - Portfolio Manager, Analyst and Global Sector Head Consumer, Media and Internet Company Name AB Dates Employed 2001 – 2011 Employment Duration 10 yrs See more positions Education University of Pennsylvania Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Ice Hockey Team Featured Skills & Endorsements Portfolio Management See 23 endorsements for Portfolio Management 23 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Saurin D. Shah and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at OpenSky Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 16 endorsements for Hedge Funds 16 Hedge Funds Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at OpenSky Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 16 endorsements for Investments 16 Investments Endorsed by Randy Befumo and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at OpenSky Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Paul has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Paul has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Princeton Youth Hockey Association Interests Yahoo! Inc. 605,403 followers Spotify 272,890 followers Official Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Alumni Group 2,577 members Ben HorowitzBen Horowitz is a LinkedIn Influencer Horowitz at Andreessen Horowitz 222,416 followers Ari EmanuelAri Emanuel is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-CEO at WME | IMG 288,117 followers Kristina SalenKristina Salen is a LinkedIn Influencer CFO, Etsy 310,247 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nikos has a account Nikos Theodosopoulos Board Member, Advisor & Investor Arista Networks, Inc. Stanford University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I serve as an independent board director; run my own consulting practice serving corporate clients in the technology, venture capital and private equity industries; invest in technology start-ups as an angel investor; and am an investment partner in multiple New York City focused real estate investment partnerships. I have 30 years of experience in the technology and finance industries including 4 years running my consulting company, 18 years as a leading Wall Street equity research analyst and strategist in the technology sector, 10 years as an engineer and sales executive at Bell Laboratories and AT&T and 5 years as an investment partner in real estate investment partnerships. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Nikos’ Articles & Activity 880 followers The Tech IPO and M&A Conundrum Nikos Theodosopoulos on LinkedIn See 3 more articles Grow Arista! Nikos liked Cloud and Colo Providers and Chinese Incumbents Drive Growth in Optical Equipment Sales Nikos liked Why Arista Networks Is Rising To All-Time Highs Nikos liked See all activity Experience Board Member Company Name Arista Networks, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Santa Clara, California - Member of Audit Committee- Member of Nominating and Corporate Governance CommitteeArista Networks (NYSE: ANET) was founded to deliver software driven cloud networking solutions for large data center and computing environments. Arista offers a broad portfolio of Gigabit Ethernet solutions that redefine network architectures, bring extensibility to networking and dramatically change the price/performance of data center networks. Board Member - Chairman of the Supervisory Board Company Name ADVA Optical Networking Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Martinsried/Munich, Germany - Member of Audit Committee- Chairman of Nomination and Compensation CommitteeADVA (FSE: ADV.DE) provides scalable, programmable and secure optical networking solutions for the digital age. Its mission is to be the trusted partner for innovative connectivity solutions that ADVANCE next-generation networks for cloud and mobile services. Board Member Company Name Harmonic Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location San Jose, California - Chairman of Audit CommitteeHarmonic (NASDAQ: HLIT) provides the supply chain infrastructure — from production through delivery — that enables content producers and service providers to engage and prosper in today's multiscreen video economy. Board Member Company Name Gadget Software, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Gadget Software is a Newark, NJ based company that builds the Gadget.ONE Native Mobile Publishing Platform. It is a unique, innovative platform that for the first time, allows content publishers from across the spectrum to easily recreate and publish their content, books, and course materials as native Mobile Applications to address the global $110B publishing market. Advisory Board Member Company Name QoScience Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Plainview, New York QoScience is pioneering Radio Access Network (RAN) Service Assurance. The company's RANalyzer™ product automatically diagnoses and locates the root cause of RAN interference problems without the need of human intervention allowing for cost effective and real time diagnosis. See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1985 Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1980 – 1984 NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Telecommunications See 43 endorsements for Telecommunications 43 Telecommunications Endorsed by Dr. Ioannis Tomkos and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Nikos’ colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 24 endorsements for Start-ups 24 Start-ups Endorsed by Francis X Dzubeck and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Nikos’ colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 22 endorsements for Strategy 22 Strategy Endorsed by Barbara Ryan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Nikos’ colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nikos has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations New York Angels Columbia Engineering Entrepreneurship Advisory Board National Association of Corporate Directors Interests Stanford University 374,333 followers Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members Kevin JohnsonKevin Johnson is a LinkedIn Influencer president and chief executive officer at Starbucks 2,410 followers Columbia Engineering 13,463 followers New York Angels 4,511 followers Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members See all See all following
More Actions Pooja has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Pooja Daftary Equity Analyst, MFS Investment Management MFS Investment Management Harvard Business School Singapore 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Singapore Invest in Asia ex-Japan healthcare equities Equity Research Associate Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Boston Area Senior Equity Research Associate, Emerging Markets Team (2011-2012)• Recommended equity investments in South African apparel, furniture, credit and insurance companies to emerging markets portfolio teams in Singapore and Mexico City ($5 billion strategy).Equity Research Associate, U.S. Consumer Staples and Capital Goods Teams (2009-2011)• Analyzed and valued public companies including Tupperware Brands, WD-40, Potash Corp and Harry Winston, BHP Billiton, Archer Daniels Midland, Corn Products International, Bunge Ltd and Molycorp. Summer Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Summer Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Education Harvard Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance and entrepreneurship Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Mount Holyoke College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Cathedral and John Connon School Degree Name ICSE, ISC Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 12 endorsements for Equities 12 Equities Endorsed by Aditya Khemka, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 10 endorsements for Strategy 10 Strategy Joe Miller and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Emerging Markets See 7 endorsements for Emerging Markets 7 Emerging Markets Joe Miller and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Harvard Business School 254,531 followers Laureate International Universities 112,377 followers Harvard Business School 336,931 followers Mount Holyoke College 21,131 followers MFS Investment Management 27,840 followers EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY INVESTOR NETWORK 15,867 members See all See all following
More Actions Damian has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Damian Thong, CFA Head of Asia Technology Research | Senior Analyst, Japan Technology | 17 years in tech sector equity research Macquarie Group INSEAD Within 23 wards, Tokyo, Japan 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I have spent some 17 years covering technology sector equities on the sell-side, including over 15 years in Japan. I provide insight into technology and industry trends from a global and historical perspective. My coverage spans most of Japan's high-technology industrial core: Semiconductors, industrial automation, IT services, precision optical products, fine chemicals, industrial and consumer electronics, heavy electrical equipment, defense/aerospace, nuclear power, and renewable energy. I have been a CFA charterholder since 2004. My profile in the CFA Institute career guide can be found here: http://viewer.zmags.com/publication/b99d976b See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Damian’s Activity 1,627 followers Beating Silicon Valley With the Mittelstand Damian liked OurCrowd and China Based P3 Innovation Partner to Fund Early Stage Deals - Crowdfund Insider Damian liked Japan's Line Goes All-In On Video and AI to Return to Growth Damian liked Google Cloud Region in SE Asia | Google Cloud Platform Damian liked Semiconductor Engineering .:. Modeling On-Chip Variation At 10/7nm Damian liked A new way to maximize your professional experience | VQ GLobal Damian liked See all activity Experience Head of Asia Technology Research | Senior Technology Research Analyst, Japan Company Name Macquarie Group Dates Employed May 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 2 mos Location Tokyo, Japan Head of Regional Technology Research | Senior Equity Research Analyst, Japan Technology - Electronics, Electrical Equipment and Capital Goods | Division Director (MD) Institutional Investor All-Asia Research Team 2016, Runner-UpI produce in-depth equity research covering a wide span of companies and industries -- semiconductors, consumer electronics, capital goods, office equipment, industrial electronics and power systems. I write some 250+ stock-specific or sector reports a year, and formally cover 27 stocks/companies. In tandem, I serve as the head of Macquarie's technology sector research team in Asia. In this role I coordinate the work of over ten team members across the region to deliver insightful and commercial analyses for our clients.Stocks I cover now or have covered in the past: Advantest, Canon, Daikin, Disco, Elpida Memory, Fujitsu, Hitachi, Horiba, Hoya, IHI, Japan Display, JSR, Keyence, Konica Minolta, MegaChips, Mitsubishi Electric, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, NEC, Nikon, Olympus, Omron, Panasonic, Renesas Electronics, Ricoh, Rohm, Screen Holdings, Sharp, Shin-Etsu Chemical, Sony, SUMCO, Sysmex, Tokuyama, Tokyo Electron, Tokyo Seimitsu, Toshiba, Ulvac, Yokogawa ElectricI also monitor/visit a larger (and expanding) set of firms beyond the above, and have reviewed companies ranging from NTT Data to Oki Electric, from Shimadzu to NuFlare. Media (2) This position has 2 media Macquarie: Why We Have an Outperform Rating on Toshiba Macquarie: Why We Have an Outperform Rating on Toshiba This media is a link Sony to Sell Updated Model of Standard PlayStation 4 Sony to Sell Updated Model of Standard PlayStation 4 This media is a link Analyst, Japan and Asia Technology Research Company Name Commerzbank AG Dates Employed Sep 2002 – May 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Tokyo, Japan Vice-President, Technology AnalystWhile seconded from London, I rebuilt coverage of the Japanese technology sector with a focus on semiconductors and semiconductor capital equipment. I was responsible for worldwide semiconductor industry forecasting, and assessment of microlithography technology trends. Analyst, European Technology Research Company Name Dresdner Kleinwort Benson / Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein Dates Employed Sep 2000 – Sep 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom I was recruited by Dresdner Kleinwort Benson in London to cover the European technology sector, with particular focus on semiconductors, including silicon IP (ARM) and chipmaking (ASML).As part of a new team formed in 2001, I helped take Dresdner's European semiconductors research to a #1 rank in key industry surveys, including Extel and II, within two years. Loan Portfolio Risk Management department Company Name UBS Dates Employed Jul 1999 – Sep 1999 Employment Duration 3 mos Summer internship with two major takeaways: A much deeper understanding of e-commerce, and useful knowledge about credit derivatives. 40th Battalion, Singapore Armoured Regiment Company Name Singapore Army Dates Employed Jan 1995 – May 1997 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Education INSEAD Degree Name Master of Finance (Investment Banking) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Strategy, finance, negotiation, marketing The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) Degree Name BSc. First Class Honours Field Of Study Government and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Raffles Junior College Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1994 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 63 endorsements for Equity Research 63 Equity Research Endorsed by Laurent Douillet and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 26 of Damian’s colleagues at Macquarie Group Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 58 endorsements for Equities 58 Equities Endorsed by Jon Omori and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Damian’s colleagues at Macquarie Group Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 38 endorsements for Financial Modeling 38 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Vinh Nguyen, PhD, CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 20 of Damian’s colleagues at Macquarie Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (5) Jeff Loff Managing Director at JML & Company May 11, 2014, Damian was senior to Jeff but didn’t manage directly I worked with Damian in the equity research department at Macquarie Capital Securities (Japan). Damian was a terrific person to work with – both on a personal and professional level. What stands out most to me are (i) his intellectual curiosity, (ii) breadth of knowledge and thought-process (incorporating technology, history, politics, etc.), and (iii) rigor in developing an argument/position/thesis. Damian is an excellent critical thinker and an excellent writer (with an abundance of creative energy). Mariko Yasu Teaching Assistant at Waseda University Graduate School of Commerce April 6, 2014, Mariko worked with Damian but at different companies Damian is an outstanding analyst with global perspective and broad yet deep understanding of Japan's technology industry. I've always enjoyed talking to Damian. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Mariko Yasu Teaching Assistant at Waseda University Graduate School of Commerce April 5, 2014, Damian worked with Mariko but at different companies Mariko is an excellent technology reporter, who is able to maintain factual integrity while writing interesting, commercial work for a lay audience. It has been a pleasure working with Mariko. Vaishal Shah, CFA Experienced Investment Professional March 17, 2012, Vaishal worked with Damian in the same group Vaishal never shies from the probing question. I believe clients appreciated his deeper understanding and ability to convey that effectively. I always appreciated Vaishal's high level of motivation and rigour. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Damian has 9 courses 9 Expand courses section Courses Comparative Economic Systems International Economics Marketing Negotiation Organisational Behaviour Political Theory Strategy US Politics and Public Policy Valuation Damian has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English French Japanese Malay Damian has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization CFA Institute Interests Jessica E. LessinJessica E. Lessin is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Editor-in-Chief at The Information 81,807 followers Hedge Funds Club 1,876 followers Pentaho, A Hitachi Group Company 20,210 followers Robert Kennedy College, Zürich, Switzerland 43,466 followers Gordon OrrGordon Orr is a LinkedIn Influencer Board Member at Lenovo, Swire Pacific 900,564 followers Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,261 followers See all See all following
More Actions Frank has a account Frank Camma, CFA Senior Equity Research Analyst at Sidoti & Company, LLC Sidoti & Company, LLC Villanova University Greater New York City Area 462 462 connections Send InMail Experienced Senior Equity Research Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Strong research professional skilled in Equity Research, Corporate Finance, FINRA, Hedge Funds, and Venture Capital. Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Sidoti & Company, LLC Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location New York, NY Managing Director Company Name Bentley Associates Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Vice President Company Name CIT Group Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Apr 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Director Company Name CIBC World Markets Dates Employed May 2001 – Apr 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs Vice President Company Name PaineWebber Dates Employed 1999 – 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs See more positions Education Villanova University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 20 endorsements for Financial Modeling 20 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 11 of Frank’s colleagues at Sidoti & Company Endorsed by 8 people who know Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 19 endorsements for Valuation 19 Valuation Endorsed by 8 of Frank’s colleagues at Sidoti & Company Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 17 endorsements for Equity Research 17 Equity Research Endorsed by Todd Schwartzman, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Frank’s colleagues at Sidoti & Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Frank has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Frank has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization New York Society of Security Analysts Interests CFA Institute Members 69,517 members Finance Club 1,037,792 members Equity Research Analyst Career Opportunities 2,813 members Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Private Equity Investment Group | PrivateEquity.com 184,457 members Finance Club New York 38,420 members See all See all following
More Actions Clive has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Clive Correia Senior Equity Research Analyst Columbus Circle Investors (CCI) University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Stock Picker / Research Analyst within Investment Management and Hedge Fund industries. Generalist. Primary Expertise/Focus in Healthcare. Additional Experience: Consumer, Energy, Financials. INVESTMENT PHILOSOPHY I believe the market can be inefficient at evaluating innovation, disruption, and material change. These are the triggers I look to uncover, apply my research to properly value, and exploit to generate consistent alpha. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Clive’s Activity In Chicago May 31st through June 6th for ASCO - American Society of Clinical Oncology, world's biggest annual cancer research meeting. Arriving early on May 31st for pre-sessions, FDA meetings, and company meetings. Happy to grab a quick coffee -briefly- in between meetings if any of you are out here… Clive shared this See all activity Experience Senior Securities Analyst, Senior Vice President Company Name Columbus Circle Investors (CCI) Dates Employed Apr 2003 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 13 yrs Location - Investment management. Peak AUM $18B firm, $10B team, $2B personal responsibilityGeneralist. Sector Specialization/Focus in Healthcare. Additional Experience in Consumer/Energy/Financials.• Consistent top performer on CCI’s flagship fund (peak AUM $10B+) with personal responsibility ~$2B AUM[LC Fund is CCI's flagship fund; 9 funds at CCI; LC Fund consistently ~60-70% of total CCI AUM]• Helped drive team outperformance 9 of 13 years vs S&P 500 and 8 of 13 years vs Russell 1000-Growth• Helped grow firm AUM from $2B to high of ~$18B and team from $1B to high of $10B+ due to consistent strong performance & alpha generation* Promoted from Senior Securities Analyst & VP to Senior Securities Analyst & Senior Vice President --- 7/2014* Promoted from Securities Analyst to Senior Securities Analyst & Vice President --- 1/2008* Promoted from Research Associate to Securities Analyst --- 1/2005 Senior Associate Company Name TCF Capital Dates Employed Apr 2002 – Apr 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location - Complex strategy hedge fund. ~$50M direct AUMs. * Promoted from Associate --- 10/2002• Priced & bid for non-publicly-traded warrants of public companies using Black-Scholes model• Established short positions using delta-hedge for overall market neutral position Corporate Finance Senior Analyst Company Name Quest Growth Partners Dates Employed May 1999 – Apr 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location - M&A advisory.* Promoted from Analyst --- 9/2000• Built detailed excel financial models with various scenarios, both pro forma historical & future projections• Analyzed & structured deals, including developing growth & exit strategies for acquisition targets• Valuation Focused: discounted cash flow, comparables, multiples, net asset value, debt tolerance, market potential Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 Class President Student Senate (Undergraduate Assembly)Order of Omega (Honor Society)Alpha Kappa Psi (national business fraternity), Re-founding MemberUniversity City Hospitality Coalition (UCHC), weekly soup kitchen volunteer Volunteer Experience Non-Profit Leadership Company Name Non-Profit Leadership • Wharton Alumni Angel Network (WAAN)• Board of Directors, Westchester Disabled On The Move, non-profit, Americans w/ Disabilities• Global Leadership Council, KIVA, non-profit, global poverty alleviation through 3rd world micro loans• Board of Trustees, PKP National Scholarship Endowment, non-profit, education• Sponsor of major annual fundraiser & Volunteer, New Covenant Center, soup kitchen• Sponsor of major annual fundraiser & Volunteer, Pacific House, men’s homeless shelter Wharton Alumni Angel Network (WAAN) Company Name Wharton Alumni Angel Network (WAAN) Interviewer, Alumni Interview Program for undergraduate applicants Company Name University of Pennsylvania, Admissions Department See more volunteer experiences Skills Stock Picking Stock Picking Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management Asset Management Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management Portfolio Management Click and drag to reorder skills Stock Market Stock Market Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Principal Financial Group 46,422 followers University of Pennsylvania Alumni 44,717 members Principal Global Investors 6,375 followers The Wharton School of Business Alumni 1,034 members Alumni of the Ivy League: Ivy & Oxford Cambridge MIT Stanford Caltech Berkeley Chicago Northwestern 33,329 members University of Pennsylvania 224,262 followers See all See all following
More Actions Drew has a account Drew Babin, CFA Director, Senior Research Analyst at Robert W. Baird & Co. Robert W. Baird & Co. Middlebury College Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Drew’s Activity 504 followers CBRE Group, Inc. Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Majority Stake in Caledon Capital Management Drew liked See all activity Experience Senior Research Analyst Company Name Robert W. Baird & Co. Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Philadelphia, PA Senior Financial Analyst Company Name CBRE Clarion Securities Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 8 yrs 4 mos Education Middlebury College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics, US History Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 4 endorsements for Equities 4 Equities Elizabeth Coalson and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 4 endorsements for Hedge Funds 4 Hedge Funds Elizabeth Coalson and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 4 endorsements for Portfolio Management 4 Portfolio Management Elizabeth Coalson and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Baird 25,500 followers Middlebury College 32,984 followers Middlebury College 33,855 followers
More Actions Siyi (Sea) has a account Siyi (Sea) Wu Treasury Intern at Conduent | Actively Seeking Full-Time Opportunity in Banking Conduent University of Rochester Greater New York City Area 291 291 connections Send InMail I am a self-initiated individual and quick learner. After graduating from the University of Toronto, I decided to take Master of Science in Finance to fulfill my career goal in investment banking. My great passion about investment banking and business valuation has led me to intern at Aviva Insurance and Just Energy, as well as participate in the Student Management Funds. These experience has trained me well in corporate finance, financial statement analysis, valuation as well as presentation. My short term goal is to obtain an internship in the field of investment banking. Interest: Business Valuation| Equity Research | Investment Banking | Risk Management | Corporate Strategy See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Treasury Intern Company Name Conduent Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location New Jersey Equity Research Analyst Company Name Elle Investments Inc Dates Employed Feb 2017 – May 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos • Conducted business and financial analysis on over five companies in pharmaceutical and technology industries, identified investment opportunities and reported research results to senior portfolio manager. • Managed portfolio of $100,000 and realized monthly rate of return of 8.4%, updated portfolio companies position with quarterly earnings report and relevant news to realize profits.• Performed forecasting on financial statements included Income Statements, Balance Sheets and Cash Flow Statements by utilizing Bloomberg, Capital IQ. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Student Management Fund, University of Toronto Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Toronto • Conducted research on Canada’s Energy industry through Bloomberg, IBIS world and identified industry investment opportunities for discussion with Board of Fund.• Evaluated portfolio companies’ strategies and financial performance such as EBITDA margin, examining their SEC filling and analyzing equity research reports from Thomson ONE.• Structured DCF model and trading multiples (i.e P/E and EV/EBITDA) valuation; presented investment pitchbook and obtained approval for $7,500 fund investment with projected one-year return rate of 20%. Finance Co-op Company Name Aviva Canada Dates Employed May 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Toronto • Collaborated with a team of six to design performance metrics (i.e sales/underwriters) and assessed business performance for four regions across Canada; executed cost analysis and optimized efficiency.• Constructed standard sales and expense budget report by utilizing VBA and Oracle Hyperion; formulated six business plan presentations for the review of senior leaders, resulted in an efficient planning process. • Executed due diligence on two brokers’ historical business performance, calculated potential commission rate, assessed and presented portfolio transfer opportunities to business partners. Junior Financial Analyst Company Name Just Energy Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area • Liaised with Business Intelligence team to produce monthly customer reports; maintained gross margin forecast by updating customer base assumptions, conducting graph and ratio analysis across North America markets.• Reported monthly expenses and improved reporting system for 22 supervisors, saving processing time by 80%. See more positions Education University of Rochester Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Equity Research Analyst at Simon Meliora Fund | Venture Capital Fund Analyst | Admission Ambassador • Relevant Courses: Cases in Finance | Financial Statement Analysis | Fixed Income University of Toronto Scarborough Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Teaching Assistant • Graduated with High Distinction and Co-op Certification • 2012 Honor List | 2013 Honor List | 2015 Dean's List | 2016 Dean's List• Related Courses: Private Equity | Mergers and Acquisitions | Financial Accounting | Investment Hangzhou Foreign Language School Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2011 Volunteer Experience Office Volunteer Company Name International Student Center of University of Toronto Scarborough Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Apr 2013 Volunteer duration 8 mos Cause Social Services • Demonstrated communication and interpersonal skills by supporting international students to accomplish their applications for study permits or visas, and gave them suggestions on different applications • Applied strong research skills by reviewing the Citizenship and Immigration Canada website on a regular time basis for new immigration policies Volunteer Note Company Name Access-Ability Department of University of Toronto Scarborough Dates volunteered Sep 2011 – Apr 2012 Volunteer duration 8 mos Cause Social Services • Developing great notes in math and management lectures to assist students with disabilities studied efficiently and met the strict deadline for uploading notes Featured Skills & Endorsements Time Management See 11 endorsements for Time Management 11 Time Management Endorsed by Dongyuan Shen and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Siyi (Sea)’s colleagues at University of Toronto Click and drag to reorder skills Teamwork See 10 endorsements for Teamwork 10 Teamwork Endorsed by Sue Shang, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Siyi (Sea)’s colleagues at University of Toronto Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 9 endorsements for Microsoft Office 9 Microsoft Office Endorsed by 2 of Siyi (Sea)’s colleagues at Just Energy Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jacqueline Lively Marketing Analyst April 6, 2013, Jacqueline and Siyi (Sea) were students together I have had the pleasure to work with Siyi over the past few years while studying at the University of Toronto. She is adaptable, reliable, driven and always willing to put all her energy into any task. Her passion for learning, along her ability to meet/exceed tight deadlines will allow her to succeed at any future employer. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Siyi (Sea) has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Siyi (Sea) has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Risk Management for Financial Managers Competition Finalist Siyi (Sea) has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Chinese Undergraduate Association of University of Toronto Scarborough Interests Fosun Group 27,776 followers Deutsche Bank 567,768 followers HandsOn Global Management 1,610 followers Conduent 20,197 followers University of Toronto 342,162 followers GE 1,450,176 followers See all See all following
More Actions Szilvia has a account Szilvia Bor Equity Research Analyst at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs London School of Economics and Political Science London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Fundamental equity analyst focusing on sector and single stock research, financial statement analysis, assessment of financial and operational gearing of companies, financial modeling and forecasting, returns analysis, identifying appropriate valuation methods and valuing stocks using multiples, DCF, PEG, etc. My current position involves client interaction (meetings, calls, client trips), company visits, management meetings as well as analysis and research writing. My background is ideal for marketing analyst/specialist sales as well as buy side and sell side analyst positions. Specialties: Wider consumer/retail sector with focus on luxury goods companies, marketing of investment ideas, fundamental analysis See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Equity Research Analyst (Retail), fundamental equity analysis, industry research, stock valuation, financial forecasting and modeling, building buy/sell/hold recommendations, investment report writing and marketing Research Analyst Intern Company Name Investing for Good Dates Employed Feb 2009 – May 2009 Employment Duration 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom SRI Investment Management Advisory – Research Intern:Rating triple bottom line businesses in terms of financial return, risk and impact; critically assessing investment opportunities, creating investment recommendations Asset Management Summer Intern Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom Interned in two teams: Structured Asset Management and Product DevelopmentStructured Asset Management - Cash Management Model building: Interest rate risk diversification, modeling fund liquidity requirements on mark-to-market losses with VaR, portfolio duration optimization in changing interest rate environment, examining industry guidelines (UCITS III), etc.Product Development -European and Global High Yield Bond Fund Research: research and analysis of market size, HY issuance by region and currency, profitable market entry timing via historical HY trends, examining spreads, competitor analysis (fees, team size, fund performance, benchmark, domicile) Education London School of Economics and Political Science Degree Name BSc Field Of Study Accounting And Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Corvinus University of Budapest Degree Name MA Field Of Study International Relations Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 13 endorsements for Valuation 13 Valuation Endorsed by 3 of Szilvia’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 9 endorsements for Investments 9 Investments Chen Yueming 陈月明 and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 7 endorsements for Equities 7 Equities Endorsed by 2 of Szilvia’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Szilvia has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English German Hungarian Interests The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) 236,089 followers Goldman Sachs 809,537 followers New Generation Centre in London 288 members Stelios Philanthropic Foundation 467 members The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) 272,637 followers Forum Klub 43 members See all See all following
More Actions Bill has a account Bill Fearnley, Jr. Compliance, Fraud, Risk Analytics and Blockchain Strategies - Research Director at IDC Financial Insights IDC Babson College - Franklin W. Olin Graduate School of Business Framingham, Massachusetts 438 438 connections Send InMail I'm a technology & financial services professional focused on helping customers use analytics, Big Data, cloud, blockchain ledgers and cognitive computing to transform business processes, better compete and change their industries. Experienced financial services industry analyst and consultant, financial analyst (equities), technology channel sales and marketing. Demonstrated business unit management results and excellent presentation skills. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Bill’s Activity A "Must Read" in the Blockchain and DLT space. Bloomberg coverage of the "DAO Hack" last summer. Multiple lessons learned for all of us in the Blockchain space. Part of the article reads like a Hollywood script...but this is a true story. Bill shared this "One to Watch" in smart contracts. BlockOne IQ, will let financial firms use Thomson Reuters data on trading systems that run on Ethereum and Corda. Bill shared this Add the European Parliament to the list of Regulatory “Ones to Watch” in my “Blockchain and DLT Four Forces” market model. The Parliament has told the European Commission (EC) to fund more technical expertise and regulatory capacity. https://lnkd.in/dbvTQSh Bill shared this I saw Abby Johnson's speech live at Consensus 2017 in NYC earlier this week. One of my highlights of the conference. Great insights on her view of Blockchain and the potential for Blockchain in FS. (The "Silicon Valley" shout out was funny too.) Bill shared this See all activity Experience Research Director: IDC Financial Insights. Compliance, Fraud, Risk Analytics Strategies & Blockchain Company Name IDC Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Framingham, MA My focus is on analytics, cognitive and AI, Big Data in compliance (e.g. AML, KYC, and CDD), fraud detection and prevention, cyber security and risk management in Financial Services.In Blockchain, Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT), and smart contract strategies my research focus is technology strategy and use cases across industries (e.g. smart contracts, compliance and regulatory reporting, asset tracking, trade finance and post settlement processing). I Publish research for our clients, including financial institutions, technology providers and global systems integrators (GSI) customers. Also have participated in panels, at industry events and webinars.Involved in leading consulting projects on topics including: technology trends, customer use cases, competition and vendor analysis, go to market strategy, spending forecasts and market opportunity assessment. Industry Consultant - Financial Services Company Name Teradata Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Boston, MA Senior Analyst. Wealth & Capital Markets. Analytics, Big Data, cloud, mobile and channels Company Name Celent (part of Oliver Wyman) Dates Employed 2011 – 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Boston, MA Industry analyst and consultant focused on helping technology vendors and financial institutions formulate business and digital strategy. Securities & Investments team leader on analytics, Big Data, cloud and mobile technology and solutions. Published reports: Research and market analysis for subscribers: Analytics, Big Data, cloud, SaaS, mobility solutions and multichannel-omnichannel marketing strategy and technology.Consulting: Opportunity assessment, go-to-market strategy and competitive analysis. End user case studies and solutions white papers. Presentations at conferences, Meetups and webinars.Customers: Global enterprise software and technology OEMs. Global system integrators (GSI). Leading wealth management and capital market firms. Managing Director - Equity Research Analyst - PC and Enterprise IT Hardware Company Name Janney Capital Markets Dates Employed 2010 – 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Boston, MA Financial analyst. Sell side equity research. Covering enterprise IT sectors: Data storage, cloud, servers, mobility, professional services, virtualization and printing. (Coverage list - AAPL, DELL, EMC, HPQ, IM, LXK, NTAP, TECD, STX, VMW, WDC).*AWARDS*- Forbes: "Best Brokerage Analysts"​ June 2010 - #1 Computers & Office Equipment- Financial Times/StarMine: "Top Analysts (US)" May 2010 - #2 Computers & Peripherals Managing Director - Equity Research Analyst - PC and Enterprise IT Hardware Company Name FTN Equity Capital Dates Employed 2002 – 2010 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Boston, MA (and Cleveland, OH) Financial analyst. Sell side equity research. Covering enterprise IT sectors: Data storage, cloud, servers, mobility, professional services, virtualization and printing. (Coverage list - AAPL, BRCD, DELL, EMC, HPQ, IM, JAVA, LXK, NTAP, TECD, STX, VMW, WDC).*AWARDS*- Wall Street Journal "Best on the Street"​ Analyst May 2008 - #2 Computers & Office Equipment - Financial Times "Top Analysts (US)"​ May 2008. #2 Computers & Office Equipment See more positions Education Babson College - Franklin W. Olin Graduate School of Business Degree Name MBA Babson College Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Marketing Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 35 endorsements for Strategy 35 Strategy Endorsed by Jim Burns and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Bill’s colleagues at Teradata Click and drag to reorder skills Competitive Analysis See 29 endorsements for Competitive Analysis 29 Competitive Analysis Endorsed by Ryan Stuczynski and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Bill’s colleagues at Teradata Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy See 24 endorsements for Business Strategy 24 Business Strategy Endorsed by 4 of Bill’s colleagues at Teradata Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Bill has 20 publications 20 Expand publications section Publications Advanced Analytics for Enhanced Customer Due Diligence (author) The "Four Forces" Driving Distributed Ledger Technology Innovation in Retail Supply Chains (co-author) Hyperledger in Financial Services: An Introduction (author) The "Four Forces" Driving Distributed Ledger Technology Innovation in Manufacturing (co-author) Business Strategy: Ethereum and Smart Contracts in Financial Services — An Introduction (author) Business Strategy: The Use of Cognitive/AI Computing in Financial Services Compliance (co-author) Perspective: The Movement to Blockchain in Energy Trading — Slowly But Surely (co-author) The "Four Forces" Driving Distributed Ledger Technology Innovation in Healthcare (co-author) The "Four Forces"​ Driving Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) Innovation in Financial Services (author) Business Strategy: Smart Contracts — Blockchain Connected Smart Contracts in Financial Services (author) Bill has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Research Quality Award Q3/Q4 FY16 for "Business Strategy: Smart Contracts and Blockchain Ledgers and Compliance"​ WSJ "Best on the Street" Analyst Interests Ethereum 14,483 followers Babson College - Franklin W. Olin Graduate School of Business 17,473 followers Oracle 2,169,164 followers AllThingsD / D: All Things Digital 50,591 followers R3 5,971 followers Big Data and Analytics 333,293 members See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Kerdoudi Equity Research Analyst at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bank of America Merrill Lynch ESCP Europe London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail In late July 2012, I decided to hike in the South-West of France with a friend - 140 km in 6 days. It was easy at the beginning. However the rain and cold temperature alternating with the ruthlessness of the sun caused pain as well as physical and mental fatigue. Every time I saw someone with a car I repeatedly thought about returning to Paris. Nevertheless I kept going further into my adventure. This is who I am. I use this proven tenacity and strong will in my roles in commodities businesses at BofAML. It may not be as painful as my hiking holidays, but it is exceedingly challenging and I adore it! I have discovered roles where I can combine my interests in financial markets, geopolitics, entrepreneurship and strategy with my personal skills: analysis, networking as well as communication. If you are interested in having a coffee to talk about commodities or potential ways to collaborate whatsoever (or hiking), please feel free to contact me. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location London, Royaume-Uni Metals, Mining & Steel - Team of Jason Fairclough- Help write thematic sector and company research reports- Prepare pre-results and post-results updates on companies- Develop relationships with traders/sales and external clients including IR departments- Attend company and industry presentations and conferences- Manage client requests- Update financial models on companies Commodities Trader Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom - Followed crude and European refined products markets: Naphtha, Gasoline, Diesel, Jet/Kero, Fuel- Priced derivatives products (swaps, options) for clients (airlines, shippers, refiners, hedge funds)- Monitored desk PnL, booked trades and hedging- Analysed and used large and complex databases in order to provide trade ideas to traders: weather, imports/exports, inventories, refineries turnarounds and outages, freight rates- Fundamental, macro, geopolitical, historical and technical analysis- Improved spreadsheets (VBA, SQL) in order to increase desk’s productivity Campus Ambassador Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Paris and London - Supported the Campus Recruitment team with marketing activities to promote BAML internships programmes and raised BAML brand awareness - Attended on-campus BAML events- Shared internship experience with candidates- Linked in with finance clubs and student societies Global Markets Summer Analyst Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom 2 rotations:- Equity Derivatives Structuring- Mortgages StructuringAccepted a full-time job offer in Oil Derivatives Trading Business Developer Company Name AlumnEye Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Paris Area, France - Developed and marketed the "Prépa MS/MSc" training- Managed relationships with student societies and external counterparts- Organized one networking event in Paris- Participated to conferences in French schools and universities in order to explain internship programs recruitement processes and techniquesFor more information, visit www.alumneye.fr See more positions Education ESCP Europe Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2016 Paris, France & London, UK Université Pierre et Marie Curie (Paris VI) Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Audit Student INSEEC Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Finance and Risk Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 See more education Volunteer Experience Founder Member & Tutor Company Name "A future for everyone" Dates volunteered Jan 2008 – Jan 2008 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Non for profit organization in order to help middle school students from low socio-economic districts to do their homework (about 20 students & 7 tutors every year) Volunteer Company Name Croix-Rouge française Dates volunteered 2014 – 2014 Volunteer duration less than a year Cause Social Services Active French Red Cross Volunteer since 2014: provided humanitarian assistance (accommodation, food supply, clothes) towards homeless people in Central Paris, developed first aid skills during rescue services on weekends Featured Skills & Endorsements Commodity Markets See 11 endorsements for Commodity Markets 11 Commodity Markets Endorsed by 5 of Kevin’s colleagues at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Click and drag to reorder skills Derivatives Trading See 11 endorsements for Derivatives Trading 11 Derivatives Trading Endorsed by 5 of Kevin’s colleagues at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Click and drag to reorder skills Sales See 9 endorsements for Sales 9 Sales Endorsed by 3 of Kevin’s colleagues at Société Générale Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Michael Ohana 🔥 CEO @ AlumnEye 👁 June 8, 2016, Michael worked with Kevin in the same group Si Michael est devenu un ami pour qui j’ai la plus grande estime, c’est avant tout comme coach que je l’ai rencontré. Ses conseils m’ont aidé à décrocher stages, master et même premier job! Le chemin a été long et c’est le premier a le savoir. Mais quand il s’engage à aider quelqu’un, il le fait sincèrement. J’ai également eu la chance de travailler avec lui pendant plusieurs mois. Et là, son énergie et sa détermination à gérer et réussir plusieurs projets en même temps sont impressionnantes. Ma carrière n’est pas encore bien longue pour en juger mais je suis certain que beaucoup de monde aimerait avoir quelqu’un avec qui travailler comme lui! Accomplishments Kevin has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Spanish Kevin has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications FCA registered AMF Certification Kevin has 2 test scores 2 Expand test scores section Test Scores TOEIC BAT - Bloomberg Assessment Test Interests Oliver Wyman 142,683 followers Anglo American 291,528 followers Croix-Rouge française 18,253 followers Optiver 17,937 followers Glencore 119,069 followers Gazprom Marketing & Trading 35,507 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephanie has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Stephanie Bothwell Equity Research Analyst - Chemicals at Merrill Lynch Merrill Lynch Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Stephanie’s Activity 712 followers Good news this week - 7th out of 315 individually in the Pan European Extel survey of quoted companies and sell side brokers in metals and mining. Thanks to all of you that voted for me. Stephanie liked See all activity Experience Vice President, Equity Research - European Chemicals Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Vice President, Equity Research - Mining Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom Equity Analyst - Mining Company Name Oriel Securities Dates Employed Oct 2011 – 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Strategy and ValuationsAssurance Education Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales Degree Name ACA University of Newcastle-upon-Tyne Degree Name BA (Hons) Business Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 14 endorsements for Valuation 14 Valuation Endorsed by Nathan Zibilich, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Stephanie’s colleagues at Merrill Lynch Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 14 endorsements for Equity Research 14 Equity Research Endorsed by James Burdass, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 9 endorsements for Financial Modeling 9 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Sabyasachi Niyogi, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Stephanie’s colleagues at Oriel Securities Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales 35,394 followers Och-Ziff Capital Management 15,599 followers Newcastle University 116,087 followers Paulson & Co. 10,177 followers Cornell Partnership 766 followers Mining and Metals Professionals Globally 78,354 members See all See all following
More Actions Frank has a account Frank Camma, CFA Senior Equity Research Analyst at Sidoti & Company, LLC Sidoti & Company, LLC Villanova University Greater New York City Area 462 462 connections Send InMail Experienced Senior Equity Research Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Strong research professional skilled in Equity Research, Corporate Finance, FINRA, Hedge Funds, and Venture Capital. Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Sidoti & Company, LLC Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location New York, NY Managing Director Company Name Bentley Associates Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Vice President Company Name CIT Group Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Apr 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Director Company Name CIBC World Markets Dates Employed May 2001 – Apr 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs Vice President Company Name PaineWebber Dates Employed 1999 – 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs See more positions Education Villanova University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 20 endorsements for Financial Modeling 20 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 11 of Frank’s colleagues at Sidoti & Company Endorsed by 8 people who know Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 19 endorsements for Valuation 19 Valuation Endorsed by 8 of Frank’s colleagues at Sidoti & Company Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 17 endorsements for Equity Research 17 Equity Research Endorsed by Todd Schwartzman, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Frank’s colleagues at Sidoti & Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Frank has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Frank has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization New York Society of Security Analysts Interests NYC Villanova Alumni in Banking/Finance 977 members Sidoti & Company 2,592 followers CFA Institute Members 69,517 members Portfolio Managers, Research, Capital Markets & Consulting Professionals 23,867 members Vanguard 86,137 followers Villanova University Alumni Network 30,160 members See all See all following
More Actions Siyi (Sea) has a account Siyi (Sea) Wu Treasury Intern at Conduent | Actively Seeking Full-Time Opportunity in Banking Conduent University of Rochester Greater New York City Area 291 291 connections Send InMail I am a self-initiated individual and quick learner. After graduating from the University of Toronto, I decided to take Master of Science in Finance to fulfill my career goal in investment banking. My great passion about investment banking and business valuation has led me to intern at Aviva Insurance and Just Energy, as well as participate in the Student Management Funds. These experience has trained me well in corporate finance, financial statement analysis, valuation as well as presentation. My short term goal is to obtain an internship in the field of investment banking. Interest: Business Valuation| Equity Research | Investment Banking | Risk Management | Corporate Strategy See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Treasury Intern Company Name Conduent Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location New Jersey Equity Research Analyst Company Name Elle Investments Inc Dates Employed Feb 2017 – May 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos • Conducted business and financial analysis on over five companies in pharmaceutical and technology industries, identified investment opportunities and reported research results to senior portfolio manager. • Managed portfolio of $100,000 and realized monthly rate of return of 8.4%, updated portfolio companies position with quarterly earnings report and relevant news to realize profits.• Performed forecasting on financial statements included Income Statements, Balance Sheets and Cash Flow Statements by utilizing Bloomberg, Capital IQ. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Student Management Fund, University of Toronto Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Toronto • Conducted research on Canada’s Energy industry through Bloomberg, IBIS world and identified industry investment opportunities for discussion with Board of Fund.• Evaluated portfolio companies’ strategies and financial performance such as EBITDA margin, examining their SEC filling and analyzing equity research reports from Thomson ONE.• Structured DCF model and trading multiples (i.e P/E and EV/EBITDA) valuation; presented investment pitchbook and obtained approval for $7,500 fund investment with projected one-year return rate of 20%. Finance Co-op Company Name Aviva Canada Dates Employed May 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Toronto • Collaborated with a team of six to design performance metrics (i.e sales/underwriters) and assessed business performance for four regions across Canada; executed cost analysis and optimized efficiency.• Constructed standard sales and expense budget report by utilizing VBA and Oracle Hyperion; formulated six business plan presentations for the review of senior leaders, resulted in an efficient planning process. • Executed due diligence on two brokers’ historical business performance, calculated potential commission rate, assessed and presented portfolio transfer opportunities to business partners. Junior Financial Analyst Company Name Just Energy Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area • Liaised with Business Intelligence team to produce monthly customer reports; maintained gross margin forecast by updating customer base assumptions, conducting graph and ratio analysis across North America markets.• Reported monthly expenses and improved reporting system for 22 supervisors, saving processing time by 80%. See more positions Education University of Rochester Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Equity Research Analyst at Simon Meliora Fund | Venture Capital Fund Analyst | Admission Ambassador • Relevant Courses: Cases in Finance | Financial Statement Analysis | Fixed Income University of Toronto Scarborough Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Teaching Assistant • Graduated with High Distinction and Co-op Certification • 2012 Honor List | 2013 Honor List | 2015 Dean's List | 2016 Dean's List• Related Courses: Private Equity | Mergers and Acquisitions | Financial Accounting | Investment Hangzhou Foreign Language School Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2011 Volunteer Experience Office Volunteer Company Name International Student Center of University of Toronto Scarborough Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Apr 2013 Volunteer duration 8 mos Cause Social Services • Demonstrated communication and interpersonal skills by supporting international students to accomplish their applications for study permits or visas, and gave them suggestions on different applications • Applied strong research skills by reviewing the Citizenship and Immigration Canada website on a regular time basis for new immigration policies Volunteer Note Company Name Access-Ability Department of University of Toronto Scarborough Dates volunteered Sep 2011 – Apr 2012 Volunteer duration 8 mos Cause Social Services • Developing great notes in math and management lectures to assist students with disabilities studied efficiently and met the strict deadline for uploading notes Featured Skills & Endorsements Time Management See 11 endorsements for Time Management 11 Time Management Endorsed by Dongyuan Shen and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Siyi (Sea)’s colleagues at University of Toronto Click and drag to reorder skills Teamwork See 10 endorsements for Teamwork 10 Teamwork Endorsed by Sue Shang, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Siyi (Sea)’s colleagues at University of Toronto Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 9 endorsements for Microsoft Office 9 Microsoft Office Endorsed by 2 of Siyi (Sea)’s colleagues at Just Energy Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jacqueline Lively Marketing Analyst April 6, 2013, Jacqueline and Siyi (Sea) were students together I have had the pleasure to work with Siyi over the past few years while studying at the University of Toronto. She is adaptable, reliable, driven and always willing to put all her energy into any task. Her passion for learning, along her ability to meet/exceed tight deadlines will allow her to succeed at any future employer. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Siyi (Sea) has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Siyi (Sea) has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Risk Management for Financial Managers Competition Finalist Siyi (Sea) has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Chinese Undergraduate Association of University of Toronto Scarborough Interests Bloomberg 1,264,430 followers J.P. Morgan 833,566 followers Simon School Venture Capital Fund 226 followers Tangerine 24,819 followers Simon School Alumni Network 4,770 members Freestone Capital Management 1,980 followers See all See all following
More Actions Clive has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Clive Correia Senior Equity Research Analyst Columbus Circle Investors (CCI) University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Stock Picker / Research Analyst within Investment Management and Hedge Fund industries. Generalist. Primary Expertise/Focus in Healthcare. Additional Experience: Consumer, Energy, Financials. INVESTMENT PHILOSOPHY I believe the market can be inefficient at evaluating innovation, disruption, and material change. These are the triggers I look to uncover, apply my research to properly value, and exploit to generate consistent alpha. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Clive’s Activity In Chicago May 31st through June 6th for ASCO - American Society of Clinical Oncology, world's biggest annual cancer research meeting. Arriving early on May 31st for pre-sessions, FDA meetings, and company meetings. Happy to grab a quick coffee -briefly- in between meetings if any of you are out here… Clive shared this See all activity Experience Senior Securities Analyst, Senior Vice President Company Name Columbus Circle Investors (CCI) Dates Employed Apr 2003 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 13 yrs Location - Investment management. Peak AUM $18B firm, $10B team, $2B personal responsibilityGeneralist. Sector Specialization/Focus in Healthcare. Additional Experience in Consumer/Energy/Financials.• Consistent top performer on CCI’s flagship fund (peak AUM $10B+) with personal responsibility ~$2B AUM[LC Fund is CCI's flagship fund; 9 funds at CCI; LC Fund consistently ~60-70% of total CCI AUM]• Helped drive team outperformance 9 of 13 years vs S&P 500 and 8 of 13 years vs Russell 1000-Growth• Helped grow firm AUM from $2B to high of ~$18B and team from $1B to high of $10B+ due to consistent strong performance & alpha generation* Promoted from Senior Securities Analyst & VP to Senior Securities Analyst & Senior Vice President --- 7/2014* Promoted from Securities Analyst to Senior Securities Analyst & Vice President --- 1/2008* Promoted from Research Associate to Securities Analyst --- 1/2005 Senior Associate Company Name TCF Capital Dates Employed Apr 2002 – Apr 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location - Complex strategy hedge fund. ~$50M direct AUMs. * Promoted from Associate --- 10/2002• Priced & bid for non-publicly-traded warrants of public companies using Black-Scholes model• Established short positions using delta-hedge for overall market neutral position Corporate Finance Senior Analyst Company Name Quest Growth Partners Dates Employed May 1999 – Apr 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location - M&A advisory.* Promoted from Analyst --- 9/2000• Built detailed excel financial models with various scenarios, both pro forma historical & future projections• Analyzed & structured deals, including developing growth & exit strategies for acquisition targets• Valuation Focused: discounted cash flow, comparables, multiples, net asset value, debt tolerance, market potential Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 Class President Student Senate (Undergraduate Assembly)Order of Omega (Honor Society)Alpha Kappa Psi (national business fraternity), Re-founding MemberUniversity City Hospitality Coalition (UCHC), weekly soup kitchen volunteer Volunteer Experience Non-Profit Leadership Company Name Non-Profit Leadership • Wharton Alumni Angel Network (WAAN)• Board of Directors, Westchester Disabled On The Move, non-profit, Americans w/ Disabilities• Global Leadership Council, KIVA, non-profit, global poverty alleviation through 3rd world micro loans• Board of Trustees, PKP National Scholarship Endowment, non-profit, education• Sponsor of major annual fundraiser & Volunteer, New Covenant Center, soup kitchen• Sponsor of major annual fundraiser & Volunteer, Pacific House, men’s homeless shelter Wharton Alumni Angel Network (WAAN) Company Name Wharton Alumni Angel Network (WAAN) Interviewer, Alumni Interview Program for undergraduate applicants Company Name University of Pennsylvania, Admissions Department See more volunteer experiences Skills Stock Picking Stock Picking Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management Asset Management Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management Portfolio Management Click and drag to reorder skills Stock Market Stock Market Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Pennsylvania 224,262 followers Alumni of the Ivy League: Ivy & Oxford Cambridge MIT Stanford Caltech Berkeley Chicago Northwestern 33,329 members The Wharton Club of New York - Affinity Groups 520 members University of Pennsylvania Alumni 44,717 members The Wharton School 185,677 followers Principal Global Investors 6,375 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bill has a account Bill Fearnley, Jr. Compliance, Fraud, Risk Analytics and Blockchain Strategies - Research Director at IDC Financial Insights IDC Babson College - Franklin W. Olin Graduate School of Business Framingham, Massachusetts 438 438 connections Send InMail I'm a technology & financial services professional focused on helping customers use analytics, Big Data, cloud, blockchain ledgers and cognitive computing to transform business processes, better compete and change their industries. Experienced financial services industry analyst and consultant, financial analyst (equities), technology channel sales and marketing. Demonstrated business unit management results and excellent presentation skills. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Bill’s Activity A "Must Read" in the Blockchain and DLT space. Bloomberg coverage of the "DAO Hack" last summer. Multiple lessons learned for all of us in the Blockchain space. Part of the article reads like a Hollywood script...but this is a true story. Bill shared this "One to Watch" in smart contracts. BlockOne IQ, will let financial firms use Thomson Reuters data on trading systems that run on Ethereum and Corda. Bill shared this Add the European Parliament to the list of Regulatory “Ones to Watch” in my “Blockchain and DLT Four Forces” market model. The Parliament has told the European Commission (EC) to fund more technical expertise and regulatory capacity. https://lnkd.in/dbvTQSh Bill shared this I saw Abby Johnson's speech live at Consensus 2017 in NYC earlier this week. One of my highlights of the conference. Great insights on her view of Blockchain and the potential for Blockchain in FS. (The "Silicon Valley" shout out was funny too.) Bill shared this See all activity Experience Research Director: IDC Financial Insights. Compliance, Fraud, Risk Analytics Strategies & Blockchain Company Name IDC Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Framingham, MA My focus is on analytics, cognitive and AI, Big Data in compliance (e.g. AML, KYC, and CDD), fraud detection and prevention, cyber security and risk management in Financial Services.In Blockchain, Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT), and smart contract strategies my research focus is technology strategy and use cases across industries (e.g. smart contracts, compliance and regulatory reporting, asset tracking, trade finance and post settlement processing). I Publish research for our clients, including financial institutions, technology providers and global systems integrators (GSI) customers. Also have participated in panels, at industry events and webinars.Involved in leading consulting projects on topics including: technology trends, customer use cases, competition and vendor analysis, go to market strategy, spending forecasts and market opportunity assessment. Industry Consultant - Financial Services Company Name Teradata Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Boston, MA Senior Analyst. Wealth & Capital Markets. Analytics, Big Data, cloud, mobile and channels Company Name Celent (part of Oliver Wyman) Dates Employed 2011 – 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Boston, MA Industry analyst and consultant focused on helping technology vendors and financial institutions formulate business and digital strategy. Securities & Investments team leader on analytics, Big Data, cloud and mobile technology and solutions. Published reports: Research and market analysis for subscribers: Analytics, Big Data, cloud, SaaS, mobility solutions and multichannel-omnichannel marketing strategy and technology.Consulting: Opportunity assessment, go-to-market strategy and competitive analysis. End user case studies and solutions white papers. Presentations at conferences, Meetups and webinars.Customers: Global enterprise software and technology OEMs. Global system integrators (GSI). Leading wealth management and capital market firms. Managing Director - Equity Research Analyst - PC and Enterprise IT Hardware Company Name Janney Capital Markets Dates Employed 2010 – 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Boston, MA Financial analyst. Sell side equity research. Covering enterprise IT sectors: Data storage, cloud, servers, mobility, professional services, virtualization and printing. (Coverage list - AAPL, DELL, EMC, HPQ, IM, LXK, NTAP, TECD, STX, VMW, WDC).*AWARDS*- Forbes: "Best Brokerage Analysts"​ June 2010 - #1 Computers & Office Equipment- Financial Times/StarMine: "Top Analysts (US)" May 2010 - #2 Computers & Peripherals Managing Director - Equity Research Analyst - PC and Enterprise IT Hardware Company Name FTN Equity Capital Dates Employed 2002 – 2010 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Boston, MA (and Cleveland, OH) Financial analyst. Sell side equity research. Covering enterprise IT sectors: Data storage, cloud, servers, mobility, professional services, virtualization and printing. (Coverage list - AAPL, BRCD, DELL, EMC, HPQ, IM, JAVA, LXK, NTAP, TECD, STX, VMW, WDC).*AWARDS*- Wall Street Journal "Best on the Street"​ Analyst May 2008 - #2 Computers & Office Equipment - Financial Times "Top Analysts (US)"​ May 2008. #2 Computers & Office Equipment See more positions Education Babson College - Franklin W. Olin Graduate School of Business Degree Name MBA Babson College Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Marketing Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 35 endorsements for Strategy 35 Strategy Endorsed by Jim Burns and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Bill’s colleagues at Teradata Click and drag to reorder skills Competitive Analysis See 29 endorsements for Competitive Analysis 29 Competitive Analysis Endorsed by Ryan Stuczynski and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Bill’s colleagues at Teradata Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy See 24 endorsements for Business Strategy 24 Business Strategy Endorsed by 4 of Bill’s colleagues at Teradata Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Bill has 20 publications 20 Expand publications section Publications Advanced Analytics for Enhanced Customer Due Diligence (author) The "Four Forces" Driving Distributed Ledger Technology Innovation in Retail Supply Chains (co-author) Hyperledger in Financial Services: An Introduction (author) The "Four Forces" Driving Distributed Ledger Technology Innovation in Manufacturing (co-author) Business Strategy: Ethereum and Smart Contracts in Financial Services — An Introduction (author) Business Strategy: The Use of Cognitive/AI Computing in Financial Services Compliance (co-author) Perspective: The Movement to Blockchain in Energy Trading — Slowly But Surely (co-author) The "Four Forces" Driving Distributed Ledger Technology Innovation in Healthcare (co-author) The "Four Forces"​ Driving Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) Innovation in Financial Services (author) Business Strategy: Smart Contracts — Blockchain Connected Smart Contracts in Financial Services (author) Bill has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Research Quality Award Q3/Q4 FY16 for "Business Strategy: Smart Contracts and Blockchain Ledgers and Compliance"​ WSJ "Best on the Street" Analyst Interests Governance, Risk and Compliance Management (GRC) 64,070 members Harvard Business Review 4,252,381 followers Chain 1,573 followers The Atlantic 798,852 followers Babson College 41,086 followers New England Financial Players 6,587 members See all See all following
More Actions Karl has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Karl Keirstead Software Equity Research Analyst at Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank The University of Western Ontario Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director, Software Equity Research Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior equity research analyst covering Enterprise Software stocks. Head up the II-ranked DB software coverage team, collectively we cover ~50 stocks, one of the broadest coverage lists on the Street, including Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce, Workday, VMware, Red Hat, NetSuite, Splunk, Tableau, Qlik, Check Point, Palo Alto Networks. Managing Director, Software Equity Research Company Name BMO Capital Markets Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location New York City Senior equity research analyst covering Enterprise Software stocks. Senior Tech Equity Analyst Company Name Kaufman Bros. Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Senior analyst covering the IT Services stocks, including IBM, Accenture, CSC, Infosys and Cognizant in addition to the Enterprise Software sector and the China IT sector. SVP, Equity Research, IT Services Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed 1994 – 2003 Employment Duration 9 yrs Senior equity research analyst covering the IT Services sector as well as the financial payment processing space. Institutional Investor All-American Research Analyst ranking, 2001-2002. Education The University of Western Ontario Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Dominic Paschel Living the Soundtrack of Our Lives as Pandora Ambassador August 6, 2011, Dominic was a client of Karl’s I can't say enough good things about Dominic, one of the best IR managers I've ever met, super responsive and knew SFSF cold, I'm sure they miss him. Accomplishments Interests HPE Technology Services 4,130 followers Salesforce Evolution 89,510 members Western University 162,404 followers Andrew 'Flip' FilipowskiAndrew &#39;Flip&#39; Filipowski is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-CEO Fluree, building a new business application platform. 189,168 followers Deutsche Bank 567,769 followers Western University 172,427 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matty has a account Matty Fuchs Equity Research Analyst at BlueCrest Capital Management BlueCrest Capital Management Binghamton University New York, New York 492 492 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst (Industrials/BasicMaterials) Company Name BlueCrest Capital Management Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location New York Industrials/Basic Materials Equity Analyst (Industrials/Basic Materials) Company Name Nomura Securities Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Equity Analyst (Industrials) Company Name Diamondback Capital Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Staff Auditor (Asset Management) Company Name Ernst and Young, LLP Dates Employed Aug 2005 – May 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Education Binghamton University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 15 endorsements for Equities 15 Equities Endorsed by Mark Newton, CMT and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Matty’s colleagues at Diamondback Capital Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 9 endorsements for Equity Research 9 Equity Research Endorsed by Peter Ruschmeier and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Matty’s colleagues at Diamondback Capital Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 8 endorsements for Hedge Funds 8 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Christopher Napoli, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Matty’s colleagues at Diamondback Capital Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Matty has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Binghamton University 85,102 followers Waddell & Reed 22,744 followers Diamondback Capital 635 followers Binghamton University 87,456 followers
More Actions Drew has a account Drew Babin, CFA Director, Senior Research Analyst at Robert W. Baird & Co. Robert W. Baird & Co. Middlebury College Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Drew’s Activity 504 followers CBRE Group, Inc. Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Majority Stake in Caledon Capital Management Drew liked See all activity Experience Senior Research Analyst Company Name Robert W. Baird & Co. Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Philadelphia, PA Senior Financial Analyst Company Name CBRE Clarion Securities Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 8 yrs 4 mos Education Middlebury College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics, US History Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 4 endorsements for Equities 4 Equities Elizabeth Coalson and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 4 endorsements for Hedge Funds 4 Hedge Funds Elizabeth Coalson and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 4 endorsements for Portfolio Management 4 Portfolio Management Elizabeth Coalson and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Middlebury College 33,855 followers Baird 25,500 followers Middlebury College 32,984 followers
More Actions Wendy has a account Wendy Lam, Ph.D. Research Analyst at Franklin Templeton Investments Franklin Templeton Investments Massachusetts Institute of Technology San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Research Analyst Company Name Franklin Templeton Investments Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Executive Director and Senior Analyst Company Name Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location New York, NY Biotechnology Equity Research Associate Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jul 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Location New York, NY Large-cap biotechnology Equity Research Associate Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location New York, NY Large-cap biotechnology Equity Research Associate Company Name Oppenheimer & Co. Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Location New York, NY Large-cap biotechnology Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Graduate Student Council University of California, Berkeley Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Molecular and Cell Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Student Learning Center Featured Skills & Endorsements Biotechnology See 18 endorsements for Biotechnology 18 Biotechnology Endorsed by Christopher J. Schaber, PhD and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Wendy’s colleagues at Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Molecular Biology See 10 endorsements for Molecular Biology 10 Molecular Biology Richard Wieland and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 8 endorsements for Financial Modeling 8 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Richard Wieland, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Morgan Stanley 590,750 followers Cal Alumni Association | UC Berkeley 56,538 members Massachusetts Institute of Technology 342,311 followers FierceBiotech: A Network of Biotechnology Professionals 17,102 members University of California, Berkeley 499,165 followers Bank of America 801,527 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dmytro has a account Dmytro Khoroshun, Ph.D. . DTEK Oil & Gas Emory University Ukraine 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Research, analysis, synthesis, modeling, forecasting, planning, strategy development, communicating, learning Highlights Follow Follow Dmytro’s Articles 1,353 followers The Fed and Pence vs. Trump Dmytro Khoroshun, Ph.D. on LinkedIn Publish dateAugust 22, 2016 See all articles Is the US winning the cold currency war with China? Dmytro Khoroshun, Ph.D. on LinkedIn Publish dateMay 17, 2015 Experience Economic Modeling Manager Company Name DTEK Oil & Gas Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Kiev Region, Ukraine Maintenance of the Group's strategic modelEconomic modeling of various projects Senior Manager, Corporate Finance Company Name Metinvest International SA Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Geneva Area, Switzerland Metinvest is a leading European STEEL and MINING company (a world’s top-10 in iron ore, top-30 in steel) with assets mostly in Ukraine. My achievements and responsibilities at Metinvest Group (during both 2013 – 2015 in Geneva and 2009 – 2013 in Donetsk):- Developed and updated the Group’s Financing Strategy- Developed and updated the Group’s operational and financial model- Performed macroeconomic factors and financial markets monitoring- Monitored iron ore markets, derivative markets, forecasts- Participated in three Eurobond issues and in the update of the Group’s EMTN programme- Performed comparative analysis monitoring Senior Analyst, Corporate Finance Company Name Metinvest Holding Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Donetsk, Ukraine Metinvest is a leading European STEEL and MINING company (a world’s top-10 in iron ore, top-30 in steel) with assets mostly in Ukraine. My achievements and responsibilities at Metinvest Group (during both 2013 – 2015 in Geneva and 2009 – 2013 in Donetsk):- Developed and updated the Group’s Financing Strategy- Developed and updated the Group’s operational and financial model- Performed macroeconomic factors and financial markets monitoring- Monitored iron ore markets, derivative markets, forecasts- Participated in three Eurobond issues and in the update of the Group’s EMTN programme- Performed comparative analysis monitoring Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Sokrat Investment Group Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Kyiv, Ukraine - Covered Metallurgy & Mining, Oil & Gas, Chemistry sectors as a sell-side analyst in the Brokerage Department- Provided daily updates, prepared company and industry reports- Constructed operational and financial models, studied industries and markets, developed scenarios and forecasts, performed DCF and comparative valuations- Collaborated extensively with Ukrainian media, provided comments on economy and equity markets Equity Research Analyst Company Name Sokrat Investment Group Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Kyiv, Ukraine - Covered Metallurgy & Mining, Oil & Gas, Chemistry sectors as a sell-side analyst in the Brokerage Department- Provided daily updates, prepared company and industry reports- Constructed operational and financial models, studied industries and markets, developed scenarios and forecasts, performed DCF and comparative valuations- Collaborated extensively with Ukrainian media, provided comments on economy and equity markets See more positions Education Emory University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Theoretical Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2002 Higher Chemical College of the RAS (D.I.Mendeleev University of Chemical Technology of Russia) Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1998 Higher Chemical College of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Diploma with distinction. Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Finance See 41 endorsements for Corporate Finance 41 Corporate Finance Endorsed by Ruslan Bozhko, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Dmytro’s colleagues at Metinvest Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 28 endorsements for Valuation 28 Valuation Endorsed by 14 of Dmytro’s colleagues at Metinvest Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 21 endorsements for Equity Research 21 Equity Research Endorsed by 9 of Dmytro’s colleagues at Metinvest Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Shauna McLarnon Music Publicist & Radio Plugger at Shameless Promotion PR March 4, 2009, Shauna worked with Dmytro in the same group In addition to being a highly professional and efficient editor, Shauna is fun to work with. She gets into details of technical terminology and learns as she goes, a valuable skill. Furthermore, her command of Russian helps in various situations. I recommend Shauna as a great editor and a pleasant colleague. Accomplishments Dmytro has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Russian Ukrainian Dmytro has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Electronic reorganization: origin of sigma trans promotion effect Interests McKinsey & Company 1,398,387 followers China's Economy & Policy 707 members SCM 4,637 followers Global Financial Markets 31,552 members Political Economy 16,312 members Emory University Arts Alumni, Faculty, Staff, & Students 1,118 members See all See all following
More Actions Dylan has a account Dylan Kesterson Financial Representative at Westshore Financial Group Inc Westshore Financial Group Inc University of South Florida - Tampa Tampa, Florida 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Graduate from the University of South Florida with a Bachelors of Science in Finance. "An investment in knowledge pays the best interest" - Benjamin Franklin Highlights Experience Financial Representative Company Name Westshore Financial Group Inc Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area • Helping clients achieve financial security with clarity and confidence• Educating clients to understand their financial position and employ a sound strategy to achieve their goals • Empowering clients to control their finances by including saving and investing as part of their lifestyle Equity Research Analyst Company Name University of South Florida Dates Employed Jul 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Location University of South Florida • Selected as one of 13 students to participate in the Applied Security Analysis program at the University of South Florida Muma College of Business• Managed a long equity portfolio valued at approximately $400,000• Analyzed current holdings in the portfolio, the macro-economy, the stock market and the industry sectors• Used stock screening fundamentals and financial models to create analyst reports that were presented to a professional advisory board for approval to purchase the recommended stocks by the team of student analysts Sales Representative Company Name Vivint Smart Home Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Tampa, Florida • Door to door sales, sold Vivint Smart Home Security Systems to provide families with security, access, and control to their home and security system from a smartphone, tablet, or computer• Required excellent sales and communication skills, technical knowledge of security access control systems, ability to work independently with a positive mindset and exceptional perseverance Sales Associate Company Name United World Soccer Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Orlando, Florida • Assisted customers by providing information about products, recommended merchandise based on individual requirements and contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed• Required efficient and courteous customer service, listening skills, as well as technical and up-to-date information of products Education University of South Florida - Tampa Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Sigma Chi, National Society of Leadership and Success Winter Park High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 10 endorsements for Teamwork 10 Teamwork Endorsed by 4 of Dylan’s colleagues at University of South Florida Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 4 endorsements for Financial Analysis 4 Financial Analysis T J ERBEN and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Sales See 4 endorsements for Sales 4 Sales Endorsed by 2 of Dylan’s colleagues at University of South Florida Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dylan has 15 courses 15 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Corporation Finance Applied Securities Analysis Ethics and Power in Leadership Financial Accounting Financial Institutions and Markets Financial Statement Analysis Intermediate Price Theory Leadership Fundamentals Macroeconomics Managerial Accounting Dylan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification 2-15 Life and Health Including Variables and Annuities Dylan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Dylan has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization National Society of Leadership and Success Interests Capital Markets, Private Equity & Global Finance Group 113,335 members Finance & Accounting Jobs 96,531 members UnitedHealth Group 374,667 followers Michael MoritzMichael Moritz is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner, Sequoia Capital 580,839 followers The Miller Group 766 followers TMX Finance Family of Companies 11,597 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Cheng Equity Analyst at Barclays Capital Barclays Capital Greater New York City Area 3 3 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name Barclays Capital Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Barclays Investment Bank 255,079 followers
More Actions Rahul has a account Rahul Jain, CFA India Equity Research, JP Morgan JP MORGAN INDIA PRIVATE LTD. CFA Institute Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 276 276 connections Send InMail Investment Analyst at JP Morgan Rahul has >6yrs of research experience backed by a sound grounding in finance and accounting. In his current role as a sell side Equity Analyst, Rahul co-covers Indian Banks and Financials. Prior to this his expertise lied in the CEEMEA Universe with primary focus on Real Estate and Consumer space. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Associate Company Name JP MORGAN INDIA PRIVATE LTD. Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Mumbai, Maharashtra, India Indian Banks and Financials Equity Research Analyst Company Name JP Morgan India Pvt. Ltd Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location mumbai area, india Sectors - Real estate and ConsumerRegion - MENA & Turkey Credit Analyst Company Name JP Morgan India Services Pvt. Ltd. Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Education CFA Institute Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Awarded the CFA Charter in Nov '14Passed Level 1 in January 2010Passed Level 2 in July 2010 Passed Level 3 in August 2011 Narsee Monjee college of Commerce and Economics Degree Name Bachelors degree Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 7 endorsements for Financial Modeling 7 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 4 of Rahul’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 3 endorsements for Valuation 3 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Rahul’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Derivatives See 3 endorsements for Derivatives 3 Derivatives Shubhangi Mishra and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Narsee Monjee College of Commerce and Economics 11,207 followers IAIP (CFA Societyof India) - Membership Support forum 6,032 members J.P. Morgan 833,568 followers Finance Professionals Worldwide 106,697 members Narsee Monjee College of Commerce and Economics 11,936 followers Global Equity Research 14,441 members
More Actions Alliza has a account Alliza Aulia Equity Research Analyst at PT. Minna Padi Investama Tbk. PT. Minna Padi Investama Tbk. Claremont Graduate University Greater Jakarta Area, Indonesia 412 412 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name PT. Minna Padi Investama Tbk. Dates Employed Oct 2016 – May 2017 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater Jakarta Area, Indonesia Sector Specialization: Coal Mining, Crude Petroleum & Natural Gas Production, and Metal & Mineral Mining Resourcing & Scheduling Manager, Advisory Services Company Name EY Dates Employed Feb 2016 – May 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Jakarta Area, Indonesia Client Services Company Name Wood Mackenzie Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Jakarta, Indonesia Consultant, Strategy & Executive Development Company Name Peter F. Drucker and Masatoshi Ito Graduate School of Management Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Claremont, CA Finance & Business Development Intern Company Name Murphy Oil Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Greater Jakarta Area, Indonesia See more positions Education Claremont Graduate University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Grade 3.76 out of 4.00 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Leadership Student of the Year, MBA Program (2013). Chief Editor of the Drucker School Student Association Newsletter (2012-2013). Institut Teknologi Bandung (ITB) Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Regional and Urban Planning Grade 3.57 out of 4.00 Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Chief Editor of the Regional and Urban Planning Student Association Magazine (2007-2009) Final Thesis on Infrastructure Finance Cendana Caltex Highschool Field Of Study Natural Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Student Body Head of Public Relation, Music & Poetry Club Chevron International REACH Scholarship Award (2006) Volunteer Experience Head of Business Forum Conduct Committee Company Name SPE/IATMI Asia Pacific Oil and Gas Conference 2017 Dates volunteered Oct 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 9 mos Cause Science and Technology Skills Analysis Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Business Development Business Development Click and drag to reorder skills Research Research Click and drag to reorder skills Public Policy Public Policy Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Bramley Johnson Principal at Crest Point LLC May 23, 2013, Bramley managed Alliza directly As the representative of the Drucker School Student Association to the entire rest of Claremont Graduate University, Alliza was a core member of my team. She is able to work exceptionally well with others and is always producing the highest quality results. I highly recommend Alliza and feel that whatever task she is assigned to she will not only achieve it, she will exceed expectations. Runita Kesumaramdhani Project Acquisition Manager at Diener Syz Real Estate April 13, 2012, Runita worked with Alliza in the same group Runita is a wonderful partner and friend to work with. She is not only intelligent and hardworking, but she is also very kind-hearted and caring. Her persistence has also contributed largely to the the success of our projects. Her skills are evident both in analytic and social extent. Accomplishments Alliza has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Indonesian Interests Indonesia Infrastructure Finance 1,346 followers Institut Teknologi Bandung 67,307 followers ReEx Capital Asia 400 followers The Kraft Heinz Company 318,631 followers Ikatan Alumni ITB 12,328 members Continental Energy Corporation 5 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dylan has a account Dylan Kesterson Financial Representative at Westshore Financial Group Inc Westshore Financial Group Inc University of South Florida - Tampa Tampa, Florida 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Graduate from the University of South Florida with a Bachelors of Science in Finance. "An investment in knowledge pays the best interest" - Benjamin Franklin Highlights Experience Financial Representative Company Name Westshore Financial Group Inc Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area • Helping clients achieve financial security with clarity and confidence• Educating clients to understand their financial position and employ a sound strategy to achieve their goals • Empowering clients to control their finances by including saving and investing as part of their lifestyle Equity Research Analyst Company Name University of South Florida Dates Employed Jul 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Location University of South Florida • Selected as one of 13 students to participate in the Applied Security Analysis program at the University of South Florida Muma College of Business• Managed a long equity portfolio valued at approximately $400,000• Analyzed current holdings in the portfolio, the macro-economy, the stock market and the industry sectors• Used stock screening fundamentals and financial models to create analyst reports that were presented to a professional advisory board for approval to purchase the recommended stocks by the team of student analysts Sales Representative Company Name Vivint Smart Home Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Tampa, Florida • Door to door sales, sold Vivint Smart Home Security Systems to provide families with security, access, and control to their home and security system from a smartphone, tablet, or computer• Required excellent sales and communication skills, technical knowledge of security access control systems, ability to work independently with a positive mindset and exceptional perseverance Sales Associate Company Name United World Soccer Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Orlando, Florida • Assisted customers by providing information about products, recommended merchandise based on individual requirements and contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed• Required efficient and courteous customer service, listening skills, as well as technical and up-to-date information of products Education University of South Florida - Tampa Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Sigma Chi, National Society of Leadership and Success Winter Park High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 10 endorsements for Teamwork 10 Teamwork Endorsed by 4 of Dylan’s colleagues at University of South Florida Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 4 endorsements for Financial Analysis 4 Financial Analysis T J ERBEN and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Sales See 4 endorsements for Sales 4 Sales Endorsed by 2 of Dylan’s colleagues at University of South Florida Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dylan has 15 courses 15 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Corporation Finance Applied Securities Analysis Ethics and Power in Leadership Financial Accounting Financial Institutions and Markets Financial Statement Analysis Intermediate Price Theory Leadership Fundamentals Macroeconomics Managerial Accounting Dylan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification 2-15 Life and Health Including Variables and Annuities Dylan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Dylan has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization National Society of Leadership and Success Interests TMX Finance Family of Companies 11,597 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,942,671 followers Byron DeeterByron Deeter is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner, Bessemer Venture Partners 111,925 followers Bank of America 801,527 followers Finance & Accounting Jobs 96,531 members The A&F Group 5,495 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rahul has a account Rahul Jain, CFA India Equity Research, JP Morgan JP MORGAN INDIA PRIVATE LTD. CFA Institute Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 276 276 connections Send InMail Investment Analyst at JP Morgan Rahul has >6yrs of research experience backed by a sound grounding in finance and accounting. In his current role as a sell side Equity Analyst, Rahul co-covers Indian Banks and Financials. Prior to this his expertise lied in the CEEMEA Universe with primary focus on Real Estate and Consumer space. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Associate Company Name JP MORGAN INDIA PRIVATE LTD. Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Mumbai, Maharashtra, India Indian Banks and Financials Equity Research Analyst Company Name JP Morgan India Pvt. Ltd Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location mumbai area, india Sectors - Real estate and ConsumerRegion - MENA & Turkey Credit Analyst Company Name JP Morgan India Services Pvt. Ltd. Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Education CFA Institute Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Awarded the CFA Charter in Nov '14Passed Level 1 in January 2010Passed Level 2 in July 2010 Passed Level 3 in August 2011 Narsee Monjee college of Commerce and Economics Degree Name Bachelors degree Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 7 endorsements for Financial Modeling 7 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 4 of Rahul’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 3 endorsements for Valuation 3 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Rahul’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Derivatives See 3 endorsements for Derivatives 3 Derivatives Shubhangi Mishra and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests J.P. Morgan 833,568 followers Narsee Monjee College of Commerce and Economics 11,207 followers Narsee Monjee College of Commerce and Economics 11,936 followers IAIP (CFA Societyof India) - Membership Support forum 6,032 members Finance Professionals Worldwide 106,697 members Global Equity Research 14,441 members
More Actions Alliza has a account Alliza Aulia Equity Research Analyst at PT. Minna Padi Investama Tbk. PT. Minna Padi Investama Tbk. Claremont Graduate University Greater Jakarta Area, Indonesia 412 412 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name PT. Minna Padi Investama Tbk. Dates Employed Oct 2016 – May 2017 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater Jakarta Area, Indonesia Sector Specialization: Coal Mining, Crude Petroleum & Natural Gas Production, and Metal & Mineral Mining Resourcing & Scheduling Manager, Advisory Services Company Name EY Dates Employed Feb 2016 – May 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Jakarta Area, Indonesia Client Services Company Name Wood Mackenzie Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Jakarta, Indonesia Consultant, Strategy & Executive Development Company Name Peter F. Drucker and Masatoshi Ito Graduate School of Management Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Claremont, CA Finance & Business Development Intern Company Name Murphy Oil Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Greater Jakarta Area, Indonesia See more positions Education Claremont Graduate University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Grade 3.76 out of 4.00 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Leadership Student of the Year, MBA Program (2013). Chief Editor of the Drucker School Student Association Newsletter (2012-2013). Institut Teknologi Bandung (ITB) Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Regional and Urban Planning Grade 3.57 out of 4.00 Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Chief Editor of the Regional and Urban Planning Student Association Magazine (2007-2009) Final Thesis on Infrastructure Finance Cendana Caltex Highschool Field Of Study Natural Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Student Body Head of Public Relation, Music & Poetry Club Chevron International REACH Scholarship Award (2006) Volunteer Experience Head of Business Forum Conduct Committee Company Name SPE/IATMI Asia Pacific Oil and Gas Conference 2017 Dates volunteered Oct 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 9 mos Cause Science and Technology Skills Analysis Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Business Development Business Development Click and drag to reorder skills Research Research Click and drag to reorder skills Public Policy Public Policy Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Bramley Johnson Principal at Crest Point LLC May 23, 2013, Bramley managed Alliza directly As the representative of the Drucker School Student Association to the entire rest of Claremont Graduate University, Alliza was a core member of my team. She is able to work exceptionally well with others and is always producing the highest quality results. I highly recommend Alliza and feel that whatever task she is assigned to she will not only achieve it, she will exceed expectations. Runita Kesumaramdhani Project Acquisition Manager at Diener Syz Real Estate April 13, 2012, Runita worked with Alliza in the same group Runita is a wonderful partner and friend to work with. She is not only intelligent and hardworking, but she is also very kind-hearted and caring. Her persistence has also contributed largely to the the success of our projects. Her skills are evident both in analytic and social extent. Accomplishments Alliza has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Indonesian Interests Eni 403,053 followers PT Chandra Asri Petrochemical Tbk 50,029 followers ReEx Capital Asia 400 followers Murphy Oil 76,572 followers Wood Mackenzie 46,329 followers Institut Teknologi Bandung 67,307 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tina has a account Tina Sun Research Associate at Wellington Management Wellington Management University of Pennsylvania Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Research Associate, Consumer Company Name Wellington Management Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Equity Research Analyst, Internet Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Primarily follow ecommerce (AMZN, EBAY, ETSY, GRUB), financial technology (LC, PYPL), media (NFLX, P), and online advertising companies (IAC, LNKD, TWTR, YELP, ZG). Summer Equity Research Analyst, Power & Utilities Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed May 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Summer Research Associate, Consumer Company Name Wellington Management Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Boston, MA Education University of Pennsylvania Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Economics Field Of Study Finance & Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 HEC Paris Field Of Study Finance, Management, French Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 Study Abroad SemesterParis, France Acton Boxborough Regional High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 12 endorsements for Financial Modeling 12 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Eric Li Cheung and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Tina’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 11 endorsements for Valuation 11 Valuation Endorsed by Avi Ahuja and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 10 endorsements for Equity Research 10 Equity Research Endorsed by Eric Li Cheung, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Tina has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages French Mandarin Tina has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Series 7, 63, 86, 87 Interests Jamie DimonJamie Dimon is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 526,749 followers Goldman Sachs 809,540 followers University of Pennsylvania Alumni 44,717 members University of Pennsylvania 205,834 followers Adam GrantAdam Grant is a LinkedIn Influencer Author: GIVE AND TAKE, ORIGINALS, OPTION B; Wharton professor; NYT writer 1,428,578 followers HEC Paris 100,046 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sang J. has a account Sang J. Lee CEO at Samhwa Taxi Corporation Samhwa Holdings Inc/Samhwa Taxi Corporation Boston University Dobong-gu, Seoul, Korea 85 85 connections Send InMail Samhwa Taxi Corp(STC). is a family-owned taxi operator established in 1960 based in Seoul, Korea. Since then, STC has been operating corporate-owned taxis (such as a regular fare taxis) in Seoul, Korea. STC has received various awards for quality service from customers and from the Korean government. STC was the only taxi company chosen by Seoul Metropolitan government as the best taxi company in Seoul from 2006 to 2009 consecutively. Furthermore, with the industry's lowest accident rate in Seoul, STC holds the national record of having no car accidents for 100 days. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CEO Company Name Samhwa Holdings Inc/Samhwa Taxi Corporation Dates Employed May 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 2 mos Equity Research Analyst Company Name BNP Paribas Dates Employed Sep 2004 – Apr 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Jung-gu, Seoul, Korea Cover Korean construction and small caps sectorsMaintain financial models and valuationWrite research reports Maintain research service with clients: email, voice mail, and regular corporate visits Equity Research Analyst Company Name Samsung Securities Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Sep 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Jongro-gu, Seoul, Korea Cover Korean Steel, Construction, Cement, and Customer sectorsMaintain financial models and valuationWrite research reports Maintain research service with clients Education Boston University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 St. Lawrence Academy Degree Name high school Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 1 endorsement for Valuation 1 Valuation Jung Hyun Hong has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy See 1 endorsement for Business Strategy 1 Business Strategy Se Chung has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Planning See 1 endorsement for Strategic Planning 1 Strategic Planning Hoyoung Lee has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sang J. has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Korean Interests Boston University 281,124 followers Boston University 266,565 followers
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Cheng Equity Analyst at Barclays Capital Barclays Capital Greater New York City Area 3 3 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name Barclays Capital Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Barclays Investment Bank 255,079 followers
More Actions James has a account James Clement Analyst at Sidoti & Company, LLC Sidoti & Company, LLC Greater New York City Area 178 178 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Analyst Company Name Sidoti & Company, LLC Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Simon has a account Simon Daly Intern Equity Research Analyst at Kempen & Co Kempen & Co University College Dublin Ireland 201 201 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Intern Equity Research Analyst - Seeking new opportunities Company Name Kempen & Co Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Amsterdam Area, Netherlands Benelux Equity Research Securities Lending Analyst Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Student Company Name UCD Michael Smurfit Graduate Business School Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Law Student Company Name Trinity College Dublin Dates Employed 2010 – 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs Concierge Company Name Douglas Elliman Property Management Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Manhattan New York See more positions Education University College Dublin Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Activities and Societies: UCD Investors and Entrepreneurs Society Msc Management Subjects – Marketing Management, Business Information Systems, Corporate Finance, Accounting Information for Managers, Business and Financial Environment, Business Simulation, Global Strategic Management, Operations and Supply Chain Management.Projects – Prepared an analysis of Kerry Group’s 2013 Annual Report– Developed a marketing plan for the introduction of E-bikes into the Dublin market.– Performed a strategic sector analysis for Ryanair. Trinity College, Dublin Degree Name Bachelor of Laws (LLB) Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: TCD Student Managed Fund Bachelor of Law (LLB) Subjects – Company Law, Tax Law, Economic and Legal Aspects of Competition Policy, Commercial Law, Legislation and Regulation, Business Management in the 21st Century.Projects– Completed an assignment on the effect that Ryanair has had on competition in the airline industry in Europe and its potential to do so in the future.– Performed a strategic analysis of Coolmore and its positioning in the thoroughbred horse industry. Volunteer Experience Literacy Support Mentor Company Name Suas Educational Development Dates volunteered Sep 2014 – Dec 2014 Volunteer duration 4 mos Cause Children The programme pairs assisted reading volunteers with students from inner-city secondary schools for weekly, one hour reading sessions. The goal is that through the mentorship of an older volunteer the children will improve their reading skills and overall self-confidence. Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 13 endorsements for Teamwork 13 Teamwork Endorsed by Fiona O'Leary and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 10 endorsements for Research 10 Research Conor Brady and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 9 endorsements for Public Speaking 9 Public Speaking Conor Brady and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Simon has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages French Irish Spanish Simon has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Amazon kindle book reading list Equity research report Interests Kerry Group 65,634 followers Ian BremmerIan Bremmer is a LinkedIn Influencer President at Eurasia Group 1,552,095 followers S&P Global 64,512 followers Glanbia 31,510 followers Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,544,726 followers Badenoch & Clark 82,345 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andy has a account Andy Kleinschmidt Research Analyst Andy Kleinschmidt SP Purdue University, Iowa State University, University of Iowa Des Moines, Iowa Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Research Analyst (contractor) for Tocqueville Asset Management Company Name Andy Kleinschmidt SP Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity research analyst working as a contractor for Tocqueville Asset Management. Tocqueville Asset Management was established to serve the long-term investment needs of high net worth families and individuals. Our value proposition for private clients — results-driven investing with a high degree of personal attention – has not changed since we opened our doors.[FactSet][R] Chief Curator Company Name andykleinschmidt.com Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos andykleinschmidt.com contains posts and discussions on ideas | events | technology with occasional focus on agriculture. I also like to challenge the status quo and find the next bleeding edge, using andykleinschmidt.com to chronicle some of my efforts. andykleinschmidt.com was established in 2007 and is currently powered by Tumblr. Author Company Name LindsayAndyTalk.com Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Lindsay Hotmire and I developed this project with a goal to share our conversation about food and agriculture. The project developed into "Meat and Potatoes - A Conversation on Food and Agriculture Between Two Unlikely Friends" and is hosted at LindsayAndyTalk.com. The project is unique because we hold different perspectives on food and agriculture and are willing to use this website to give transparency to our conversations. Lindsay and I made a short-term commitment to this project. Research Scientist – Informatics Company Name DuPont Pioneer Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Johnston, IA I collaborated with scientists to define requirements for informatics systems to meet the research challenges arising from post-genomic modification of corn and soybean. As a member of software development agile scrum teams, I worked closely with software engineers to build and deliver effective tools for scientists to support their biological research. • Partnered with members of the research organization to analyze scientific needs and communicate with scientists effectively • Identified and documented the scientific data flow and its dependencies for the software development team • Identified and articulated use cases and stories, collected requirements and created a project vision with various Product Owners• Met on a regular basis with existing and future customers, demonstrated the IT solutions, collected additional requirements, documented feedback and fostered adoption • Managed user expectations and clearly communicated scope• Served as a technical expert analyst to assist the software architect in developing data models to serve broad informatics needs • Changed the way scientists work • Worked effectively with different informatics groups to ensure solutions were effectively and efficiently implemented[Beyond Compare][JIRA + GreenHopper][Oracle and Sybase] - No ETL; queries only[PuTTY][Spotfire][Sublime and Notepad++][WinSCP] Assistant Professor/Extension Educator Company Name The Ohio State University Dates Employed Dec 1998 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 11 yrs 11 mos As an Extension Educator and Faculty member in the College of Food, Agricultural and Environmental Sciences at The Ohio State University I published over 30 externally and internally peer reviewed publications in the area of environmental research, with specific emphasis on agricultural implications. I was involved with applied research in the following areas: soil process, plant physiology, plant response to external stimuli, soil and plant interactions, chemical properties of soil, and physical properties of soil. My accomplishments included conducting 100+ agricultural research trials in crop production, developing curriculum to disseminate research findings, and increasing the agronomic productivity of farmers and agricultural clients. See more positions Education Purdue University, Iowa State University, University of Iowa University of Iowa - Henry B. Tippie College of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) with Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2016 Professional Certificate in Finance Iowa State University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Soil Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Gamma Sigma Delta Dissertation titled “Phosphate Adsorption by Soils: Effects of Tillage, Residue Management, and Liming”, 1997. Graduate Research Excellence Award See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Victory Junction Dates volunteered 2010 – Present Volunteer duration 7 yrs Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Agriculture See 108 endorsements for Agriculture 99+ Agriculture Endorsed by John Fulton and 20 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Andy’s colleagues at DuPont Pioneer Click and drag to reorder skills Soil Science See 48 endorsements for Soil Science 48 Soil Science Endorsed by Philip Small and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Andy’s colleagues at DuPont Pioneer Click and drag to reorder skills Agronomy See 44 endorsements for Agronomy 44 Agronomy Endorsed by John Fulton and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Andy’s colleagues at DuPont Pioneer Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (2) Kara Newby Extension Program Coordinator, FCS at The Ohio State University January 20, 2011, Andy worked with Kara in the same group Andy is an innovative hard-working professional who is very talented in his field, and always quick to teach and share information. Mark Light 4-H Youth Development Assistant Professor November 23, 2010, Andy worked with Mark in the same group Andy and I worked together on a Social Media Strategy Team. He brought expertise in blogging and twitter to our group. This team held trainings on a state and national level to teach people the power of social media. Andy developed a personal strategy to share his agricultural expertise through social media on a national level. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Jason Menchhofer Sanitarian and Accreditation Coordinator at Mercer County-Celina City Health Department February 16, 2011, Andy worked with Jason but at different companies Jason and I worked together in three areas of focus: soil evaluations for on-site household wastewater treatement systems, environmental assessment of livestock operations, and soil science educational outreach. Jason is an enthusiastic Environmental Health Director who is open to evaluating new techniques and ideas. Jason is outstanding at establishing and maintaining effective working relationships and sharing open, honest communication with numerous client groups representing different interests. Chris Bruynis Associate Professor at The Ohio State University May 26, 2009, Chris worked with Andy in the same group I have worked with Chris on the Ohio Ag Manager Newsletter and the GrainExcel program for Ohio State University Extension. Chris brings ingenuity and a passion to projects. He provides very solid and reliable leadership, and strongly encourages input from everyone on a project team. Chris clearly leads by example and shows a great deal of respect to those on his work teams. Accomplishments Andy has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Research Contribution Award Extension Achievement Award Andy has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Human-Computer Interaction; Stanford University through Coursera Interests Frontier Co-op 2,469 followers AgFunder 2,040 followers Monsanto, Corn States LLC 2,337 followers Dow AgroSciences 81,645 followers Farmers Cooperative Company 1,812 followers Intrepid Potash 2,239 followers See all See all following
More Actions Siphelele has a account Siphelele Mhlongo CA (SA) Junior Equity Research Analyst at Renaissance Capital Renaissance Capital University of Kwazulu Natal (Westville) Johannesburg Area, South Africa 317 317 connections Send InMail A qualified Chartered Accountant, with a passion for learning about different businesses, systems and meeting new people both in the corporate and academia. An ambitious individual that looks to achieve the highest levels of performance in his career, of career accomplishments and career positions in my path to becoming and after I have become a Chartered Accountant. This mind set is what I believe is needed to thrive in corporate, and to be able to get into any industry which is of interest to me. I strongly believe that versatility and adaptability is a Leader's best trait which allows them to lead where ever they may find themselves, this is the trait that allows them to be one of the best in whatever sphere or industry they find themselves in. I am also an individual with a passion to teach and guide others in the same field so as to help them cope with the demand of the competencies required for this profession, which is illustrated in my involvement in educational programmes which empower young minds such as myself. This enforces my life motto of being able to pass on knowledge to other young aspiring Chartered Accountants and make or being the difference in their lives. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Siphelele’s Activity 317 followers Yes! Siphelele liked See all activity Experience Junior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Renaissance Capital Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa SNG CTA Tutor (Formerly known as Thuthuka Programme) Company Name UNISA Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Pretoria Area, South Africa Trainee Accountant Company Name BDO South Africa Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Pretoria Area, South Africa Accounting 200 Tutor Company Name University of KwaZulu-Natal Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Pietermaritzburg Area, South Africa Education University of Kwazulu Natal (Westville) Degree Name Postgraduate Diploma in Accounting with CTA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 University of Kwazulu Natal (Pietermaritzburg) Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Brettonwood High School Degree Name High School Bachelors Field Of Study Economics, Accounting and Business Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Accounting See 21 endorsements for Financial Accounting 21 Financial Accounting Endorsed by Angella Makowe CA (SA), RA and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Siphelele’s colleagues at BDO South Africa Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 17 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 17 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 6 of Siphelele’s colleagues at BDO South Africa Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 16 endorsements for Financial Reporting 16 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Angella Makowe CA (SA), RA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Siphelele’s colleagues at BDO South Africa Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Siphelele has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations South African Institute of Chartered Accountants (SAICA) Dreams and Teams Organisation Durban Youth Council Siphelele has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Golden Key International Honours Society Deans Commendation Award for First Semester 2010 Siphelele has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English isiZulu Interests Accounting & Audit 155,076 members Anglo American 291,528 followers HR Advance - Executive Search | Headhunting | Recruitment | HR and IR 1,842 followers STANLIB 9,550 followers The De Beers Group of Companies 34,476 followers Barclays Africa Group Limited 28,395 followers See all See all following
More Actions Erin has a account Erin Archer, CFA Director of Investments and Associate Treasurer at DePaul University DePaul University The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business Chicago, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Director of Investments and Associate Treasurer at DePaul University, with administrative responsibility for the university's endowment, reserves and planned giving assets, as well as the institution's defined contribution investment portfolio. Former Trustee of The Thacher School (Ojai, CA): http://www.thacher.org/page Former member of the Visiting Committee on the College and Student Activities, The University of Chicago (Chicago, IL): https://vc.uchicago.edu/ Specialties: Equity analysis and research, buy-side, sell-side, initial public offerings (IPOs), financial analysis, valuation, Emerging Markets, Frontier Markets, CEEMEA, Sub-Saharan Africa, marketing investment recommendations and IPOs. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Investments and Associate Treasurer Company Name DePaul University Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Chicago, Illinois Equity Analyst, Head of Consumer Sector, Africa Company Name Arqaam Capital Dates Employed 2014 – 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Johannesburg, South Africa Senior Vice President - Sub-Saharan Africa Consumer sector Company Name HSBC Dates Employed 2013 – 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Johannesburg, South Africa Executive Director, Global Investment Research Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed 2008 – 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location London Equity Research Analyst - Financials Company Name Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Minneapolis See more positions Education The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 University of Chicago Degree Name BA Field Of Study Biological Sciences, Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 The Thacher School Volunteer Experience Former Trustee Company Name The Thacher School Cause Education Former Visiting Committee Member, The College Company Name The University of Chicago Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 23 endorsements for Investments 23 Investments Endorsed by Claus Born, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Erin’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management See 13 endorsements for Asset Management 13 Asset Management Endorsed by 2 of Erin’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 12 endorsements for Investment Banking 12 Investment Banking Endorsed by 3 of Erin’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Natasha C. Investor March 21, 2017, Erin worked with Natasha but at different companies Natasha is a very high caliber investment analyst. She is detail-oriented, thorough, focused, analytical, and tenacious. Weak portfolio managers will find they have no legs to stand on when she's interviewing them. Natasha would be an asset to any investment team lucky to have her talents. Accomplishments Erin has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder Interests The University of Chicago 126,642 followers Goldman Sachs 809,541 followers The University of Chicago 117,305 followers ONBOARD: Open Network for Board Diversity 905 members DePaul University 155,822 followers The Thacher School 551 followers See all See all following
More Actions Adam has a account Adam Samuelson Vice President at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 352 352 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location new york, new york Agribusiness Equity Research Analyst Associate - Equity Research Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Multi-Industry Financial Analyst - Equity Research Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Multi-Industry Summer Intern - Equity Research Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 3 mos Steel Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance & Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Minored in politics Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 10 endorsements for Equity Research 10 Equity Research Endorsed by Deane Dray, CFA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Adam’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 4 endorsements for Financial Modeling 4 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Neil Mehta, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Adam’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 4 endorsements for Valuation 4 Valuation Endorsed by Gabriela Bis, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Adam’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Goldman Sachs 809,541 followers NYU Stern School of Business 100,904 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,950 followers
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Kvaal Managing Director, Communications Equity Research at Nomura Securities Nomura Securities Columbia Business School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Jeff is a veteran of the mobile, data center, and communications technology markets. He has most recently advised the CEO of MusicQubed, a mobile music startup in the UK, on its financial planning and fundraising processes. His tenure as an equity research analyst at Lehman Brothers and Barclays Capital allowed him to develop particular insight into the cellphone, communications equipment, and data networking industries. This includes a wide range of US and global companies both public and private. Over the years, Jeff has built a strong franchise with key decision makers among the institutional investor community, which has led to recognition in many external polls. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Nomura Securities Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location New York Jeff leads the US Communications team for Nomura Securities. His purview includes oversight of the telecom services, smartphones, and communications equipment industries. His 15 year tenure allows him to offer nuanced counsel to institutional investors and company managements. His experience has included wide swathes of the communications markets, numerous economic cycles, the births of many new public companies, and the transition of companies from high growth to value. His professional accolades include top rankings from the Wall Street Journal and Greenwich Associates. He was a top ranked analyst for Institutional Investor in multiple sectors for six years. Consultant to the CEO, Advisory Board Member Company Name MusicQubed Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location New York MusicQubed is a fast growing UK mobile music company. Jeff was a consultant for the company over a six month engagement. He built MusicQubed's financial plan to support growth beyond its core UK market into 25 new countries and developed a KPI dashboard to mark progress. In addition, Jeff helped positioned MusicQubed's story for outside investors. At the conclusion of his project, MusicQubed placed him on the Advisory Board where he assisted with financial planning, strategic positioning, business development, and fundraising. Senior Research Analyst, Data Center Infrastructure Company Name Northland Securities Dates Employed Mar 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Jeff was a Senior Research Analyst for Northland's Equities practice. He brought 15 years of expertise in the TMT sector, including Mobility, Communications Equipment, and Networking. His tenure and depth of knowledge provided a wide roster of unique insights into trends and inflection points in TMT. His expertise with the financial markets allowed him to quickly distill these themes to crisp and coherent investment ideas. These skills allowed Jeff to offer insight to institutional investors, public company executives, and emerging private companies, among others. Managing Director Company Name Barclays Capital Dates Employed Sep 2008 – May 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location New York, New York Jeff was a Managing Director and equity research analyst at Barclays. He had lead coverage of the Wireless Equipment and Data Networking sectors. His coverage roster spanned up to 35 companies. The large cap coverage included Cisco, Juniper, F5, Nortel, Ericsson, Nokia, BlackBerry, and QUALCOMM. Jeff's contributions led to to numerous accolades from external publications such as the WSJ and Greenwich Associates. He was a top ranked analyst in the Institutional Investor poll for six consecutive years. Senior Vice President Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed Aug 1999 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 9 yrs 2 mos Location New York, New York Jeff was an equity research analyst at Lehman Brothers. He rose to lead coverage of the Wireless Equipment and Data Networking sectors after several years of small cap coverage. In his early years at Lehman, he served as the lead associate for the well regarded semiconductor and communications analyst Tim Luke. Education Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Brown University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 78 endorsements for Equities 78 Equities Endorsed by Soohwan Kim, CFA and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at MusicQubed Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 63 endorsements for Equity Research 63 Equity Research Endorsed by Michael Lasser and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at MusicQubed Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 48 endorsements for Financial Modeling 48 Financial Modeling Endorsed by JP Gravitt and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at MusicQubed Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (4) Amir Rozwadowski Managing Director / Senior Analyst - U.S. Telecom Services February 10, 2013, Jeff worked with Amir in the same group I have had the pleasure of working with Jeff for the last 10+ years at Barclays / Lehman Brothers. Through the course of those years I have had the privilege of working both for him and ultimately with him as his colleague. Without exception, Jeff is among a rare breed of individuals found on Wall Street today. His years of experience have given him a unique ability to see distinct patterns in the evolution of various technology cycles and corporate behavior before they become apparent to most in order to assess potential investing opportunities and/or avoid potential pitfalls. This ability, earned through the combination of his own keen intellect and years of working with hundreds of companies (if not more) has enabled him to serve as trusted counsel for various institutional investors (both public and private) and executives from across the corporate spectrum (domestic and international, start up and established). The combination of an exceptionally diligent work ethic, a highly analytic mind and the ability to distill and communicate complex issues into understandable ideas alone are enough to separate him from others in the industry. However, I believe it is his willingness to go the extra mile (or ten) to support all of those around him – be they subordinates or colleagues – and his core ethics that truly defines his differentiating qualities as a manager and colleague. Jean-Edwin Rhea Director at Barclays July 18, 2006, Jean-Edwin worked with Jeff in different groups Jeff write some of the best research on the street! Soohwan Kim, CFA Managing Director – Investor Relations Consultant at The Blueshirt Group May 8, 2015, Jeff worked with Soohwan but at different companies Soohwan is a pleasure to work with. He is very knowledgeable about his companies his industries. We have had many thoughtful discussions about key trends in technology over the years. His energy and curiosity make our discussions lively! Soohwan is always courteous and very professional in all our interaction. He is a great team player - willing to help in any way. Zella Walker Research Manager at Mizuho Securities US January 8, 2015, Jeff was senior to Zella but didn’t manage directly We worked together in numerous capacities over our careers at Lehman and Barclays. I greatly appreciated her ability to understand both the specific topic at hand and the business drivers and context behind it. She is also exceptionally efficient and poised. She is well suited for work with C level executives. I would be delighted to work with her again. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Columbia Business School 83,292 followers MusicQubed 1,222 followers Brown University 93,344 followers Columbia Business School 74,054 followers NICE Ltd 66,132 followers Nomura 84,996 followers See all See all following
More Actions Olivia has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Olivia Du Equity research analyst Citi London Business School London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent oliviaduxiaofei@gmail.com Highlights Experience Associate, Equity Research Company Name Citi Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom European luxury goods Summer Analyst, Global Investment Research Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Shanghai City, China China real estate Summer Analyst, Equity Research Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Singapore Singapore REITs and ASEAN property Off-cycle analyst Company Name Seatown Holdings Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Singapore Global consumer and auto*Seatown Holdings is a multi-strategy hedge fund wholly owned by Temasek holdings Education London Business School Degree Name Masters in Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Asia Club, Investment Management Club Nanyang Technological University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Field Of Study Banking and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Business Solutions Temasek Junior College Field Of Study GCE A Level Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Capital Markets See 9 endorsements for Capital Markets 9 Capital Markets Endorsed by 3 of Olivia’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Valuation See 9 endorsements for Investment Valuation 9 Investment Valuation Endorsed by 3 of Olivia’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 7 endorsements for Financial Modeling 7 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Olivia’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Olivia has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Japanese Interests Asian Investors Group 27,689 members Goldman Sachs 809,541 followers Citi 1,270,312 followers Morgan Stanley 590,755 followers London Business School 120,999 followers Private Equity Investment Group | PrivateEquity.com 184,457 members See all See all following
More Actions Andy has a account Andy Kleinschmidt Research Analyst Andy Kleinschmidt SP Purdue University, Iowa State University, University of Iowa Des Moines, Iowa Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Research Analyst (contractor) for Tocqueville Asset Management Company Name Andy Kleinschmidt SP Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity research analyst working as a contractor for Tocqueville Asset Management. Tocqueville Asset Management was established to serve the long-term investment needs of high net worth families and individuals. Our value proposition for private clients — results-driven investing with a high degree of personal attention – has not changed since we opened our doors.[FactSet][R] Chief Curator Company Name andykleinschmidt.com Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos andykleinschmidt.com contains posts and discussions on ideas | events | technology with occasional focus on agriculture. I also like to challenge the status quo and find the next bleeding edge, using andykleinschmidt.com to chronicle some of my efforts. andykleinschmidt.com was established in 2007 and is currently powered by Tumblr. Author Company Name LindsayAndyTalk.com Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Lindsay Hotmire and I developed this project with a goal to share our conversation about food and agriculture. The project developed into "Meat and Potatoes - A Conversation on Food and Agriculture Between Two Unlikely Friends" and is hosted at LindsayAndyTalk.com. The project is unique because we hold different perspectives on food and agriculture and are willing to use this website to give transparency to our conversations. Lindsay and I made a short-term commitment to this project. Research Scientist – Informatics Company Name DuPont Pioneer Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Johnston, IA I collaborated with scientists to define requirements for informatics systems to meet the research challenges arising from post-genomic modification of corn and soybean. As a member of software development agile scrum teams, I worked closely with software engineers to build and deliver effective tools for scientists to support their biological research. • Partnered with members of the research organization to analyze scientific needs and communicate with scientists effectively • Identified and documented the scientific data flow and its dependencies for the software development team • Identified and articulated use cases and stories, collected requirements and created a project vision with various Product Owners• Met on a regular basis with existing and future customers, demonstrated the IT solutions, collected additional requirements, documented feedback and fostered adoption • Managed user expectations and clearly communicated scope• Served as a technical expert analyst to assist the software architect in developing data models to serve broad informatics needs • Changed the way scientists work • Worked effectively with different informatics groups to ensure solutions were effectively and efficiently implemented[Beyond Compare][JIRA + GreenHopper][Oracle and Sybase] - No ETL; queries only[PuTTY][Spotfire][Sublime and Notepad++][WinSCP] Assistant Professor/Extension Educator Company Name The Ohio State University Dates Employed Dec 1998 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 11 yrs 11 mos As an Extension Educator and Faculty member in the College of Food, Agricultural and Environmental Sciences at The Ohio State University I published over 30 externally and internally peer reviewed publications in the area of environmental research, with specific emphasis on agricultural implications. I was involved with applied research in the following areas: soil process, plant physiology, plant response to external stimuli, soil and plant interactions, chemical properties of soil, and physical properties of soil. My accomplishments included conducting 100+ agricultural research trials in crop production, developing curriculum to disseminate research findings, and increasing the agronomic productivity of farmers and agricultural clients. See more positions Education Purdue University, Iowa State University, University of Iowa University of Iowa - Henry B. Tippie College of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) with Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2016 Professional Certificate in Finance Iowa State University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Soil Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Gamma Sigma Delta Dissertation titled “Phosphate Adsorption by Soils: Effects of Tillage, Residue Management, and Liming”, 1997. Graduate Research Excellence Award See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Victory Junction Dates volunteered 2010 – Present Volunteer duration 7 yrs Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Agriculture See 108 endorsements for Agriculture 99+ Agriculture Endorsed by John Fulton and 20 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Andy’s colleagues at DuPont Pioneer Click and drag to reorder skills Soil Science See 48 endorsements for Soil Science 48 Soil Science Endorsed by Philip Small and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Andy’s colleagues at DuPont Pioneer Click and drag to reorder skills Agronomy See 44 endorsements for Agronomy 44 Agronomy Endorsed by John Fulton and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Andy’s colleagues at DuPont Pioneer Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (2) Kara Newby Extension Program Coordinator, FCS at The Ohio State University January 20, 2011, Andy worked with Kara in the same group Andy is an innovative hard-working professional who is very talented in his field, and always quick to teach and share information. Mark Light 4-H Youth Development Assistant Professor November 23, 2010, Andy worked with Mark in the same group Andy and I worked together on a Social Media Strategy Team. He brought expertise in blogging and twitter to our group. This team held trainings on a state and national level to teach people the power of social media. Andy developed a personal strategy to share his agricultural expertise through social media on a national level. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Jason Menchhofer Sanitarian and Accreditation Coordinator at Mercer County-Celina City Health Department February 16, 2011, Andy worked with Jason but at different companies Jason and I worked together in three areas of focus: soil evaluations for on-site household wastewater treatement systems, environmental assessment of livestock operations, and soil science educational outreach. Jason is an enthusiastic Environmental Health Director who is open to evaluating new techniques and ideas. Jason is outstanding at establishing and maintaining effective working relationships and sharing open, honest communication with numerous client groups representing different interests. Chris Bruynis Associate Professor at The Ohio State University May 26, 2009, Chris worked with Andy in the same group I have worked with Chris on the Ohio Ag Manager Newsletter and the GrainExcel program for Ohio State University Extension. Chris brings ingenuity and a passion to projects. He provides very solid and reliable leadership, and strongly encourages input from everyone on a project team. Chris clearly leads by example and shows a great deal of respect to those on his work teams. Accomplishments Andy has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Research Contribution Award Extension Achievement Award Andy has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Human-Computer Interaction; Stanford University through Coursera Interests University of Iowa Tippie College of Business 19,621 followers Purdue University 300,275 followers RStudio, Inc. 8,637 followers Precision Agriculture (2115528) 8,497 members Archer Daniels Midland Company 91,312 followers Peoples Company 733 followers See all See all following
More Actions Simon has a account Simon Daly Intern Equity Research Analyst at Kempen & Co Kempen & Co University College Dublin Ireland 201 201 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Intern Equity Research Analyst - Seeking new opportunities Company Name Kempen & Co Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Amsterdam Area, Netherlands Benelux Equity Research Securities Lending Analyst Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Student Company Name UCD Michael Smurfit Graduate Business School Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Law Student Company Name Trinity College Dublin Dates Employed 2010 – 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs Concierge Company Name Douglas Elliman Property Management Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Manhattan New York See more positions Education University College Dublin Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Activities and Societies: UCD Investors and Entrepreneurs Society Msc Management Subjects – Marketing Management, Business Information Systems, Corporate Finance, Accounting Information for Managers, Business and Financial Environment, Business Simulation, Global Strategic Management, Operations and Supply Chain Management.Projects – Prepared an analysis of Kerry Group’s 2013 Annual Report– Developed a marketing plan for the introduction of E-bikes into the Dublin market.– Performed a strategic sector analysis for Ryanair. Trinity College, Dublin Degree Name Bachelor of Laws (LLB) Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: TCD Student Managed Fund Bachelor of Law (LLB) Subjects – Company Law, Tax Law, Economic and Legal Aspects of Competition Policy, Commercial Law, Legislation and Regulation, Business Management in the 21st Century.Projects– Completed an assignment on the effect that Ryanair has had on competition in the airline industry in Europe and its potential to do so in the future.– Performed a strategic analysis of Coolmore and its positioning in the thoroughbred horse industry. Volunteer Experience Literacy Support Mentor Company Name Suas Educational Development Dates volunteered Sep 2014 – Dec 2014 Volunteer duration 4 mos Cause Children The programme pairs assisted reading volunteers with students from inner-city secondary schools for weekly, one hour reading sessions. The goal is that through the mentorship of an older volunteer the children will improve their reading skills and overall self-confidence. Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 13 endorsements for Teamwork 13 Teamwork Endorsed by Fiona O'Leary and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 10 endorsements for Research 10 Research Conor Brady and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 9 endorsements for Public Speaking 9 Public Speaking Conor Brady and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Simon has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages French Irish Spanish Simon has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Amazon kindle book reading list Equity research report Interests Guggenheim Partners 25,215 followers Sigmar Recruitment 19,778 followers Kempen & Co 8,081 followers The Manual of Ideas 1,203 members ICAP 33,464 followers Glanbia 31,510 followers See all See all following
More Actions Siphelele has a account Siphelele Mhlongo CA (SA) Junior Equity Research Analyst at Renaissance Capital Renaissance Capital University of Kwazulu Natal (Westville) Johannesburg Area, South Africa 317 317 connections Send InMail A qualified Chartered Accountant, with a passion for learning about different businesses, systems and meeting new people both in the corporate and academia. An ambitious individual that looks to achieve the highest levels of performance in his career, of career accomplishments and career positions in my path to becoming and after I have become a Chartered Accountant. This mind set is what I believe is needed to thrive in corporate, and to be able to get into any industry which is of interest to me. I strongly believe that versatility and adaptability is a Leader's best trait which allows them to lead where ever they may find themselves, this is the trait that allows them to be one of the best in whatever sphere or industry they find themselves in. I am also an individual with a passion to teach and guide others in the same field so as to help them cope with the demand of the competencies required for this profession, which is illustrated in my involvement in educational programmes which empower young minds such as myself. This enforces my life motto of being able to pass on knowledge to other young aspiring Chartered Accountants and make or being the difference in their lives. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Siphelele’s Activity 317 followers Yes! Siphelele liked See all activity Experience Junior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Renaissance Capital Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa SNG CTA Tutor (Formerly known as Thuthuka Programme) Company Name UNISA Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Pretoria Area, South Africa Trainee Accountant Company Name BDO South Africa Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Pretoria Area, South Africa Accounting 200 Tutor Company Name University of KwaZulu-Natal Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Pietermaritzburg Area, South Africa Education University of Kwazulu Natal (Westville) Degree Name Postgraduate Diploma in Accounting with CTA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 University of Kwazulu Natal (Pietermaritzburg) Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Brettonwood High School Degree Name High School Bachelors Field Of Study Economics, Accounting and Business Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Accounting See 21 endorsements for Financial Accounting 21 Financial Accounting Endorsed by Angella Makowe CA (SA), RA and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Siphelele’s colleagues at BDO South Africa Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 17 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 17 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 6 of Siphelele’s colleagues at BDO South Africa Endorsed by 6 people who know Microsoft Excel Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Reporting See 16 endorsements for Financial Reporting 16 Financial Reporting Endorsed by Angella Makowe CA (SA), RA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Siphelele’s colleagues at BDO South Africa Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Siphelele has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations South African Institute of Chartered Accountants (SAICA) Dreams and Teams Organisation Durban Youth Council Siphelele has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Golden Key International Honours Society Deans Commendation Award for First Semester 2010 Siphelele has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English isiZulu Interests The De Beers Group of Companies 34,476 followers Golden Key International Honour Society 16,326 followers Accounting & Audit 155,076 members EarthStream 78,229 followers IDC 77,781 followers Anglo American 291,528 followers See all See all following
More Actions James has a account James Clement Analyst at Sidoti & Company, LLC Sidoti & Company, LLC Greater New York City Area 178 178 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Analyst Company Name Sidoti & Company, LLC Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Erin has a account Erin Archer, CFA Director of Investments and Associate Treasurer at DePaul University DePaul University The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business Chicago, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Director of Investments and Associate Treasurer at DePaul University, with administrative responsibility for the university's endowment, reserves and planned giving assets, as well as the institution's defined contribution investment portfolio. Former Trustee of The Thacher School (Ojai, CA): http://www.thacher.org/page Former member of the Visiting Committee on the College and Student Activities, The University of Chicago (Chicago, IL): https://vc.uchicago.edu/ Specialties: Equity analysis and research, buy-side, sell-side, initial public offerings (IPOs), financial analysis, valuation, Emerging Markets, Frontier Markets, CEEMEA, Sub-Saharan Africa, marketing investment recommendations and IPOs. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Investments and Associate Treasurer Company Name DePaul University Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Chicago, Illinois Equity Analyst, Head of Consumer Sector, Africa Company Name Arqaam Capital Dates Employed 2014 – 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Johannesburg, South Africa Senior Vice President - Sub-Saharan Africa Consumer sector Company Name HSBC Dates Employed 2013 – 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Johannesburg, South Africa Executive Director, Global Investment Research Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed 2008 – 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location London Equity Research Analyst - Financials Company Name Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Minneapolis See more positions Education The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 University of Chicago Degree Name BA Field Of Study Biological Sciences, Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 The Thacher School Volunteer Experience Former Trustee Company Name The Thacher School Cause Education Former Visiting Committee Member, The College Company Name The University of Chicago Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 23 endorsements for Investments 23 Investments Endorsed by Claus Born, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Erin’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management See 13 endorsements for Asset Management 13 Asset Management Endorsed by 2 of Erin’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 12 endorsements for Investment Banking 12 Investment Banking Endorsed by 3 of Erin’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Natasha C. Investor March 21, 2017, Erin worked with Natasha but at different companies Natasha is a very high caliber investment analyst. She is detail-oriented, thorough, focused, analytical, and tenacious. Weak portfolio managers will find they have no legs to stand on when she's interviewing them. Natasha would be an asset to any investment team lucky to have her talents. Accomplishments Erin has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder Interests Coleman Entrepreneurship Center at DePaul University 1,015 followers The Thacher School 551 followers DePaul University 155,822 followers The University of Chicago 117,305 followers Ray DalioRay Dalio is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & Chief Investment Officer at Bridgewater Associates, L.P. 280,852 followers The University of Chicago 126,642 followers See all See all following
More Actions Muhammad has a account Muhammad Paruk Investment Manager at Royal Bafokeng Holdings Royal Bafokeng Holdings UKZN Johannesburg Area, South Africa 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Investment Manager Company Name Royal Bafokeng Holdings Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity Research Analyst Company Name Absa/Barclays Capital Dates Employed 2013 – 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Investment Analyst Company Name Old Mutual Investment Group Dates Employed 2012 – 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Cape Town Area, South Africa Senior Economist Company Name National Treasury Dates Employed 2009 – 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education UKZN Degree Name Bachelor of Business Science Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Durban High School Degree Name Matric Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Economics See 38 endorsements for Economics 38 Economics Endorsed by Yaseen Jhaveri and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Muhammad’s colleagues at National Treasury of South Africa Click and drag to reorder skills Econometrics See 34 endorsements for Econometrics 34 Econometrics Endorsed by Isaah Mhlanga and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Muhammad’s colleagues at National Treasury of South Africa Click and drag to reorder skills Emerging Markets See 29 endorsements for Emerging Markets 29 Emerging Markets Endorsed by 6 of Muhammad’s colleagues at National Treasury of South Africa Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Global Investment Research 7,042 members Investment Management Careers 14,171 members Rand Merchant Bank 74,128 followers Royal Bafokeng Holdings 564 followers Barclays Africa Group Limited 28,395 followers The Personnel Concept 986 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Kvaal Managing Director, Communications Equity Research at Nomura Securities Nomura Securities Columbia Business School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Jeff is a veteran of the mobile, data center, and communications technology markets. He has most recently advised the CEO of MusicQubed, a mobile music startup in the UK, on its financial planning and fundraising processes. His tenure as an equity research analyst at Lehman Brothers and Barclays Capital allowed him to develop particular insight into the cellphone, communications equipment, and data networking industries. This includes a wide range of US and global companies both public and private. Over the years, Jeff has built a strong franchise with key decision makers among the institutional investor community, which has led to recognition in many external polls. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Nomura Securities Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location New York Jeff leads the US Communications team for Nomura Securities. His purview includes oversight of the telecom services, smartphones, and communications equipment industries. His 15 year tenure allows him to offer nuanced counsel to institutional investors and company managements. His experience has included wide swathes of the communications markets, numerous economic cycles, the births of many new public companies, and the transition of companies from high growth to value. His professional accolades include top rankings from the Wall Street Journal and Greenwich Associates. He was a top ranked analyst for Institutional Investor in multiple sectors for six years. Consultant to the CEO, Advisory Board Member Company Name MusicQubed Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location New York MusicQubed is a fast growing UK mobile music company. Jeff was a consultant for the company over a six month engagement. He built MusicQubed's financial plan to support growth beyond its core UK market into 25 new countries and developed a KPI dashboard to mark progress. In addition, Jeff helped positioned MusicQubed's story for outside investors. At the conclusion of his project, MusicQubed placed him on the Advisory Board where he assisted with financial planning, strategic positioning, business development, and fundraising. Senior Research Analyst, Data Center Infrastructure Company Name Northland Securities Dates Employed Mar 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Jeff was a Senior Research Analyst for Northland's Equities practice. He brought 15 years of expertise in the TMT sector, including Mobility, Communications Equipment, and Networking. His tenure and depth of knowledge provided a wide roster of unique insights into trends and inflection points in TMT. His expertise with the financial markets allowed him to quickly distill these themes to crisp and coherent investment ideas. These skills allowed Jeff to offer insight to institutional investors, public company executives, and emerging private companies, among others. Managing Director Company Name Barclays Capital Dates Employed Sep 2008 – May 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location New York, New York Jeff was a Managing Director and equity research analyst at Barclays. He had lead coverage of the Wireless Equipment and Data Networking sectors. His coverage roster spanned up to 35 companies. The large cap coverage included Cisco, Juniper, F5, Nortel, Ericsson, Nokia, BlackBerry, and QUALCOMM. Jeff's contributions led to to numerous accolades from external publications such as the WSJ and Greenwich Associates. He was a top ranked analyst in the Institutional Investor poll for six consecutive years. Senior Vice President Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed Aug 1999 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 9 yrs 2 mos Location New York, New York Jeff was an equity research analyst at Lehman Brothers. He rose to lead coverage of the Wireless Equipment and Data Networking sectors after several years of small cap coverage. In his early years at Lehman, he served as the lead associate for the well regarded semiconductor and communications analyst Tim Luke. Education Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Brown University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 78 endorsements for Equities 78 Equities Endorsed by David Readerman, CFA and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at MusicQubed Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 63 endorsements for Equity Research 63 Equity Research Endorsed by Michael Lasser and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at MusicQubed Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 48 endorsements for Financial Modeling 48 Financial Modeling Endorsed by JP Gravitt and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at MusicQubed Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (4) Amir Rozwadowski Managing Director / Senior Analyst - U.S. Telecom Services February 10, 2013, Jeff worked with Amir in the same group I have had the pleasure of working with Jeff for the last 10+ years at Barclays / Lehman Brothers. Through the course of those years I have had the privilege of working both for him and ultimately with him as his colleague. Without exception, Jeff is among a rare breed of individuals found on Wall Street today. His years of experience have given him a unique ability to see distinct patterns in the evolution of various technology cycles and corporate behavior before they become apparent to most in order to assess potential investing opportunities and/or avoid potential pitfalls. This ability, earned through the combination of his own keen intellect and years of working with hundreds of companies (if not more) has enabled him to serve as trusted counsel for various institutional investors (both public and private) and executives from across the corporate spectrum (domestic and international, start up and established). The combination of an exceptionally diligent work ethic, a highly analytic mind and the ability to distill and communicate complex issues into understandable ideas alone are enough to separate him from others in the industry. However, I believe it is his willingness to go the extra mile (or ten) to support all of those around him – be they subordinates or colleagues – and his core ethics that truly defines his differentiating qualities as a manager and colleague. Jean-Edwin Rhea Director at Barclays July 18, 2006, Jean-Edwin worked with Jeff in different groups Jeff write some of the best research on the street! Soohwan Kim, CFA Managing Director – Investor Relations Consultant at The Blueshirt Group May 8, 2015, Jeff worked with Soohwan but at different companies Soohwan is a pleasure to work with. He is very knowledgeable about his companies his industries. We have had many thoughtful discussions about key trends in technology over the years. His energy and curiosity make our discussions lively! Soohwan is always courteous and very professional in all our interaction. He is a great team player - willing to help in any way. Zella Walker Research Manager at Mizuho Securities US January 8, 2015, Jeff was senior to Zella but didn’t manage directly We worked together in numerous capacities over our careers at Lehman and Barclays. I greatly appreciated her ability to understand both the specific topic at hand and the business drivers and context behind it. She is also exceptionally efficient and poised. She is well suited for work with C level executives. I would be delighted to work with her again. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests MusicQubed 1,222 followers Franklin Templeton Investments 96,846 followers NICE Ltd 66,132 followers Columbia Business School 83,292 followers Brown University 93,344 followers AOL 137,234 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Halen Senior Equity Research Analyst Bloomberg LP Georgetown University Verona, New Jersey 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail • Finance and strategy expert proficient in identifying attractive growth opportunities • Seasoned restaurant and packaged food analyst with 18 years of research & investment experience • Investment professional with a successful track record • Articulate public speaker and frequent TV and radio contributor See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Michael’s Articles & Activity 883 followers BI Analyst Briefing: Restaurant Winners Eat from the Big Data Menu - Thursday June 23 @ 11am Michael Halen on LinkedIn See all articles Cava's It Factor: see how this restaurant reads its customers' minds Michael liked Please join us for our restaurant labor webinar on Wednesday at 11am. Dean Haskell and Larry DeVries will be joining us to discuss the impact of labor costs on the restaurant industry. Public chain impact and ways to optimize labor costs will be discussed. http://bit.ly/2sBvDGY Michael shared this Showtime’s PPV Dream A Reality: Mayweather-McGregor Fight Is On Michael liked See all activity Experience Bloomberg Intelligence Consumer Analyst Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Covers Restaurants and Packaged Food companiesResearches and publishes analysis of 25 publicly traded companiesMaintains detailed financial modelsFeatured consumer analyst on Bloomberg Television and Radio(201) 694-9906 Media (12) This position has 12 media Previous Next Kraft Heinz - How Much Work Lies Ahead? Kraft Heinz - How Much Work Lies Ahead? This media is a link In fast food wars, scale matters | BI In fast food wars, scale matters | BI This media is a link McDonald's Still Gets No Respect After Rally McDonald's Still Gets No Respect After Rally This media is a link What's Domino's Recipe for Success? What's Domino's Recipe for Success? This media is a link Is Pinnacle Foods a Takeover Target? Is Pinnacle Foods a Takeover Target? This media is a link How Fast Can Buffalo Wild Wings Grow? How Fast Can Buffalo Wild Wings Grow? This media is a link Restaurants invest in tech to boost sales Restaurants invest in tech to boost sales This media is a link Are Investors Hungry 4 Shake Shack? Are Investors Hungry 4 Shake Shack? This media is a link Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Sidoti & Company, LLC Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Provided institutional clients with small-cap restaurant and consumer goods company research.In 2012, buy rated stocks returned an average of 44% compared to a 15% average gain for neutral rated names2012 top-pick, Medifast (MED) increased 74% during the year; this was the second best performance among all of Sidoti analysts’ top-picksIn 2013-14, buy rated restaurant stocks rose 55% versus a 20% average gain for neutral rated stocks Media (2) This position has 2 media Krispy Kreme Stock May Melt Further Krispy Kreme Stock May Melt Further This media is a link Sidoti Coverage List Sidoti Coverage List This media is a document Branch Manager Company Name WTS Proprietary Trading Group Dates Employed May 2010 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos A professional demeanor and intense passion for the markets was utilized as a successful recruiting tool to attract the business of proprietary trading firms and individual tradersFunded a branch office of eleven tradersTraded NYSE and NASDAQ securities and options contracts for firm account using the Sterling and Lightspeed platforms; excelled in high volatility markets and fast trading, pressure-filled situations that required quick decision makingWorked with senior management to solicit the business of other proprietary trading firmsInterviewed and hired individuals for the trader trainee programTrained six trainees with no previous trading experience; several trainees became profitable in their second full month of tradingConsulted by Knight Capital Group regarding the company’s institutional trading platform, Knight Direct; helped revamp the software to make it more user friendly Branch Manager, Proprietary Trader Company Name Assent, LLC Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Proven leadership skills were relied on heavily during a period of intense upheaval and structural change in the financial markets.Funded a branch of eight proprietary traders and managed their riskTraded NYSE and NASDAQ securities and options contracts for firm account using the Anvil trading platformTaught classes on trading strategies for branch traders; co-wrote and taught over 25 different classes on trading topics such as technical analysis, fundamental analysis, trading commodity-related stocks and psychology of trading Sr. Vice-President Company Name Sonic Technologies/Evolution Trading Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Ran the largest and most profitable trading desk in the firm; successfully quadrupled the size and profitability of the desk in just three years. Strong analytical skills aided in the development of profitability analysis of trading accounts.Funded a group of over 30 tradersManaged risk of proprietary trading accountsTraded NYSE and NASDAQ securities for firm account; specialized in trading initial public offerings and commodity-related stocksConsistently a top five producer in the firmTaught classes on trading strategies for branch traders; co-wrote and taught over 45 different classes on a wide range of trading topics Tested software updates, made suggestions to help improve trading software, and taught traders how best to use the firm’s trading platform; the firm’s trading software was later purchased by Bank of New York Education Georgetown University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Georgetown Football Four-year letterman and captain of the Georgetown University football team; recognized as an All-Conference and All-America Defensive End. Volunteer Experience Youth Basketball Coach Company Name Verona Recreation Department Dates volunteered Dec 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 7 mos Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 41 endorsements for Equities 41 Equities Endorsed by Todd Schwartzman, CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Michael’s colleagues at Sidoti & Company Click and drag to reorder skills Trading See 31 endorsements for Trading 31 Trading Endorsed by Rocco LeDonni and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Michael’s colleagues at Sidoti & Company Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 23 endorsements for Bloomberg 23 Bloomberg Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Sidoti & Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization CAGNY Michael has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score S.A.T. Interests CAGE | Consumer Analyst Group of Europe 1,394 members Fishbowl Inc. 5,341 followers Lucerne Capital Management, LP 494 followers Global Capital Sources for Conventional & Alternative REAL ESTATE Funding 83,188 members Hedge Fund, Private Equity & Alternative Investments Networking Group - Powered by IvyExec.com 69,255 members Chipotle Mexican Grill 55,478 followers See all See all following
More Actions Adam has a account Adam Samuelson Vice President at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 352 352 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location new york, new york Agribusiness Equity Research Analyst Associate - Equity Research Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Multi-Industry Financial Analyst - Equity Research Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Multi-Industry Summer Intern - Equity Research Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 3 mos Steel Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance & Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Minored in politics Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 10 endorsements for Equity Research 10 Equity Research Endorsed by Deane Dray, CFA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Adam’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 4 endorsements for Financial Modeling 4 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Neil Mehta, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Adam’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 4 endorsements for Valuation 4 Valuation Endorsed by Gabriela Bis, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Adam’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests NYU Stern School of Business 100,904 followers Goldman Sachs 809,543 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,950 followers
More Actions Jeffrey has a account Jeffrey Loo, CFA Director- Healthcare Equity Research at S&P Investment Advisory Services (SPIAS) S&P Investment Advisory Services (SPIAS) Fordham Gabelli School of Business Greater New York City Area 272 272 connections Send InMail Experienced investment professional with an exceptional stock picking track record. I have significant experience across the healthcare sector and currently provide investment recommendations on approximately 80 healthcare stocks. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ranked 2nd in The Wall Street Journal’s “Best on the Street-2007 Analysts Survey”. Recipient of Standard and Poor’s Equity Research "Stock Picker of the Year" award in 2007 and runner-up in 2012. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director- Healthcare Equity Research Company Name S&P Investment Advisory Services (SPIAS) Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location New York, NY Healthcare Sector Equity Research Analyst • Conduct fundamental equity research analysis and provide investment recommendations on approximately 80 stocks across the healthcare sector. SPIAS provides custom portfolio strategies, equity recommendations, and asset allocation advice to financial organizations and currently has $30 billion in assets under advisement• Extensive financial modeling skills including financial forecasting, discounted cash flow, and relative analysis• Write daily investment notes and equity research investment reports with buy/hold/sell recommendations• Advise portfolio managers, consultants and advisors on sub-industry and specific investment recommendations• Manage and coordinate S&P's Focus Stock of the Week equity portfolio. Select and recommend healthcare investments across other various S&P equity portfolios• Provide clients with relevant regulatory and legislative updates that impact the healthcare sector• Write industry surveys on healthcare sub-industries including biotechnology, pharmaceuticals, managed care, and facilities. Director, Healthcare Equity Research Company Name Standard & Poor's Dates Employed Dec 2003 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 10 yrs 2 mos • Manage a team of analysts covering the pharmaceutical, biotech, managed care, medical devices, and facilities sectors. Maintain oversight and provide guidance on investment recommendations• Provide fundamental equity research analysis on approximately 30 healthcare companies. Areas of coverage include life science tools and services, healthcare services, and diagnostic equipment manufacturers• Provide investment recommendation for stocks under coverage• Write research reports and daily investment notes• Contribute to the management of S&P equity portfolios through sub-sector and stock selection recommendations• Recognized in The Wall Street Journal’s “Best on the Street - 2007 Analysts Survey”. Ranked #2 within the Healthcare Providers sub-sector• Recipient of Standard and Poor’s Equity Research “2007 Stock Picker of the Year” award Vice President Company Name Context Capital Group Dates Employed 1993 – 2003 Employment Duration 10 yrs • Completed over 35 public and private transactions including acquisitions, mergers, divestitures, leveraged buyouts and private equity financing transactions• Extensive transaction experience including financial and operational due diligence, coordination of transaction processes and preparation of offering memoranda and client presentations Education Fordham Gabelli School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Investment Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1990 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 23 endorsements for Equity Research 23 Equity Research Endorsed by Marie Driscoll, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Jeffrey’s colleagues at S&P Global Ratings Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 22 endorsements for Equities 22 Equities Endorsed by Gary Albanese, CFA, CMT and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Jeffrey’s colleagues at S&P Global Ratings Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 10 endorsements for Equity Valuation 10 Equity Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Jeffrey’s colleagues at S&P Global Ratings Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Robert Gold Team Leader, Bloomberg Supply Chain Analysis (SPLC<GO>) May 28, 2009, Robert managed Jeffrey directly Over the past five years my relationship with Jeff was both as a fellow analyst and as his manager. Jeff has a deep analytical background and strong skill set which allows him to provide keen and unique insights on his coverage universe and generate superior returns on his investment recommendations. Very detail-oriented and driven to succeed at the highest levels, Jeff is also a solid manager and team leader. Solid work ethic, highly intelligent and a hunger for knowledge is a rare combination that makes Jeff one of the more outstanding individuals I had the pleasure of working with. Robert Gold Team Leader, Bloomberg Supply Chain Analysis (SPLC<GO>) May 28, 2009, Jeffrey reported directly to Robert I have worked closely with Rob for five years and found him to be both an exceptional manager and analyst. As my manager I found him to focused, highly team-oriented, and driven by the desire for the group and the company to succeed. Rob is an excellent communicator and always listened to and respected the opinion of other analysts. Rob was always fair and even-handed while giving sound advice and direction. He was also committed to the personal growth of each analyst under his supervision. As an analyst, Rob is disciplined and has exceptional analytical insight. He has the ability to quickly and effectively understand the intricacies of individual companies and industries. Accomplishments Jeffrey has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder Interests Global Equity Research 14,441 members NYSSA (The Official Group) 6,005 members Marwood Group 4,774 followers Fordham Gabelli School of Business 19,418 followers Deutsche Bank 567,769 followers Advisors Capital Management 1,049 followers See all See all following
More Actions Heng xin has a account Heng xin Fun Quantitative Researcher in Hedge Fund Industry Chi-Courser Investment Company University of Washington Pudongxin District, Shanghai, China 368 368 connections Send InMail Research statistical arbitrage and market anomaly strategies for China A shares. Apply data science and machine learning techniques. Focused on developing artificial-intelligence related models, deep learning, reinforcement learning, and recurrent networks on market variables for high frequency strategies. Code, back test, and implementing trading algorithms for intraday strategies for A shares and index futures. Programming Languages: Python, Matlab, R, SQL Previous experience includes sell side fundamental equity research, and corp finance role at Amazon's AWS. All 3 levels of CFA completed. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Quantitative Researcher Company Name Chi-Courser Investment Company Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Shanghai City, China Research quantitative models.Develop, back test, and implement algorithmic trading strategies.Option pricing and trading for APAC A/H shares market. Interests:Data Science, Machine Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Deep Learning Equity Research Analyst Company Name Evalueserve Shanghai Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Shanghai City, China • Supported MD and analysts coverage of 20+ AREITS and AU property/developer stocks • Help build valuations models; Maintained and updated models during earnings and other corporate events• Conducted and wrote Industry analysis reports using gov’t data, company data, and consultant research • Provided industry, company, event specific and scenario ad-hoc analysis.• Help publish weekly/monthly AU property market reports, quarterly industry health reports, and contributed to global logistics property report. Collaborated with Asia pacific team to publish monthly Asia Pacific property report. Fixed Income Quantitative Analyst Assistant Company Name Bank of China Investment Management Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Shanghai, China • Apply quantitative techniques and models to understand the statistical relationships between asset prices and market variables to identify areas of opportunities for investment• Implement credit models to analyze fixed income assets; Improved valuation models to better handle market and risk variables for trend following system Financial Analyst Company Name Amazon.com Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Seattle, WA Amazon Web Services - Tech Infrastructure FinanceInternship 11/2010-5/2011, Hired on as full time-contractor 5/2011-10/2011Created granular, flexible and scalable financial models across an extensive diversity of data sources for Amazon’s fastest growing business, Amazon Web Service, the dominant player in cloud computing. Owned processes in financial planning, analysis and reporting of data center, network and server hardware CapEx and depreciation.Developed processes and reports to deliver timely and insightful financial performance analysis on an ongoing basis for Amazon’s Cloud computing business, Amazon Web ServicesResponsible for maintaining accurate CIP accruals related to CapEx spend Discovered discrepancies in invoicing that saved Amazon in 200K in ongoing expenses President Company Name Lambda Phi Epsilon Fraternity, Inc Dates Employed May 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Seattle, WA Led fraternity to first national philanthropy award, committing over 80 hours of service per member, besting 53 chapters.Executed a video, web and social media strategy resulting in a 150% increase in incoming membership. Education University of Washington Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Lambda Phi Epsilon, Jumpstart Seattle, UW Boxing Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 16 endorsements for Finance 16 Finance Endorsed by 2 of Heng xin’s colleagues at Lambda Phi Epsilon Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 13 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 13 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 4 of Heng xin’s colleagues at Lambda Phi Epsilon Click and drag to reorder skills Time Management See 13 endorsements for Time Management 13 Time Management Endorsed by 2 of Heng xin’s colleagues at Lambda Phi Epsilon Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Bryan Dosono PhD Student in Information Science and Technology May 20, 2013, Bryan reported directly to Heng xin I have never met a visionary leader more energetic and resolute than Hengxin. I have known him for the past five years through Lambda Phi Epsilon and the leadership training curriculum he designed for our chapter during his presidency has been instrumental in developing and retaining quality members. Hengxin knows how to assemble dynamic teams that leverage individual talents to achieve impactful results. His unmatched resilience coupled with his astute finance skills make him an indispensable contributor to any organization. Qi(Gilbert) Zhou Quantitative Analyst Intern: Stress Test/DFAST/Market Risk/ERM June 7, 2016, Qi(Gilbert) worked with Heng xin in the same group Inquisitive, energetic and sharp. Gilbert has an innate intuition for finding critical features in data sets. I’ve worked with Gilbert in analyzing one of my high frequency strategies, and he was quick to reframe the question in a more fundamental way, which ultimately lead to our break through. If you have a chance to work with Gilbert, you will be impressed by his wit and the naturalness in which he can harness an idea and distill it to find the right solution. Bryan Dosono PhD Student in Information Science and Technology May 21, 2013, Heng xin managed Bryan directly Humble and soft-spoken in his words, compassionate and inclusive in his dreams, Bryan is not a leader by authority, but a leader by example. His actions are commitments to making the world around him a better place. His projects and endeavors radiate hope and exude vitality, a reflection of his optimism and reverence for life. I have known and worked with Bryan for 5 years in Lambda Phi Epsilon and I can say without a doubt he has impacted our organization tremendously and made it a better place. With his vision and will, Bryan is an individual that challenges the status quo, and in doing so, he betters the communities around him and pushes the world forward. Where ever he goes, whatever team he is on, I’m certain when it is done, their future will be more promising. Accomplishments Heng xin has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications CFA Level 3 Exam Passed CFA Level 2 Exam - Passed CFA Level 1 Exam - Passed Washington State Property and Casualty License Big Data Analysis with Revolution R Enterprise Kaggle R Tutorial on Machine Learning Heng xin has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Mandarin Spanish Interests Amazon Alumni 8,856 members The Speed Traders, by Edgar Perez 720 members CFA Society Seattle 816 members The Jumpstart Alumni Network 3,046 members Algorithmic Traders Association: CTA & Quant Funds System Trading | Stocks, Futures, Forex, Options 175,276 members Amazon 2,278,738 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew Frankel, CFA Equity Research Associate at Cowen and Company Cowen and Company University of Maryland - Robert H. Smith School of Business New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Associate - Surface Transportation & Logistics Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location New York, NY Equity research coverage of the Surface Transportation & Logistics sectorFinancial analysis, valuation and investment idea generation for institutional investor client baseAuthor reports on companies under coverage and the broader transportation and logistics industry Senior Associate Analyst - Transportation & Logistics Company Name Macquarie Group Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location New York, NY Equity research coverage of the Transportation & Logistics sectorTeam ranked #2 in stock picking for the Road and Rail sector in the 2016 Thomson Reuters Analyst Awards (given for 2015 performance) Associate, Equity Sales & Research Company Name Hedgeye Risk Management, LLC Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY Spoke with institutional and private clients on a daily basis about actionable investment ideas and long term themes based upon our fundamental researchFocused on US equities, currencies, commodities, and macroeconomic trends Analyzed the consumer staples sector alongside one of the firm's Managing Directors Analyst, Investment Banking Company Name Needham & Company Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 8 mos Location New York, NY Developed and analyzed pro forma M&A and valuation models for use in both pitching prospective consumer discretionary/software/clean-tech/bio-tech clients and advising emerging growth companies on a variety of strategic opportunitiesWrote and edited S-1s for IPOs Created roadshow marketing materials Associate, Investment Management Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location New York, NY Supported team’s two senior research analysts with stock idea generation and fundamental analysis as we managed money for individuals and institutions in one or more of the following strategies: a long-only equity fund, a long-short equity fund and/or a personalized asset allocation portfolio which generally included exposure to corporate and municipal debtConducted due-diligence on various external multi-asset class money managers including analyzing risk-adjusted performance, performance attribution, risk exposures, and investment styles Group also provided equity research sales coverage to several hedge funds so I had the opportunity to speak with analysts and portfolio managers about various investment ideas and strategiesManaged client order flow with our trading deskMy boss brought our entire team at Citigroup to J.P. Morgan in February 2009 where I fulfilled the same role Education University of Maryland - Robert H. Smith School of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Mentor, Robert H. Smith School of Business Finance Fellowship Program; Chapter President, Zeta Beta Tau Fraternity; Order of Omega Honor Society inductee; Midfielder, University of Maryland club soccer Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 11 endorsements for Equities 11 Equities Endorsed by 2 of Matthew’s colleagues at Cowen and Company Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 8 endorsements for Equity Research 8 Equity Research Endorsed by Rory Green, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Matthew’s colleagues at Cowen and Company Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modeling 6 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Matthew’s colleagues at Cowen and Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) John Henderson Consultant For Institutional Investors July 4, 2012, John was a client of Matthew’s Matt has proven to be a great asset to Inflection Point Investing since joining us on a part-time basis. I look forward to reading Matt's research on companies ahead of our conference calls with them. His industry insights and perspective have helped us to glean a number of interesting statistics that have proven very helpful in our investments this year. Matt works hard and would make a great asset to any future employer. Jared Kalmanson General Counsel @ NewsCred December 27, 2012, Matthew and Jared were students together I've known Jared since 2003 when we met at the University of Maryland. I had the pleasure of working with him when he was the Vice President of our 100 member fraternity. I've also come to know him very well as a close personal friend. I can't say enough about how high quality a person Jared is in terms of his loyalty, integrity, level-headedness and keen business acumen. He is always able to effectively analyze a problem and develop a thoughtful solution no matter how complex the issue may be. I can't think of anyone I would recommend more highly than Jared. Accomplishments Matthew has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Interests GQR Global Markets 69,074 followers NYSSA (The Official Group) 6,005 members Marsh 159,690 followers University of Maryland - Robert H. Smith School of Business 27,948 followers Zeta Beta Tau 8,077 members Macquarie Group 156,042 followers See all See all following
More Actions Neha has a account Neha Aggarwal Investment Professional General Atlantic Harvard Business School London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Investor Company Name General Atlantic Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Responsible for sourcing, evaluating and executing growth equity investments and management of portfolio companies. In-depth diligence conducted on online restaurant classifieds, online travel agents, hyper-local grocery models, ed-tech models, general insurance, and healthcare delivery. Summer Associate Company Name WestBridge Capital Partners Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Covered auto and consumer public listed companies. Developed in-house view on the consumer tech sector in India. Associate Director Company Name Temasek Holdings Dates Employed Apr 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Evaluated and executed public market and private equity transactions across consumer goods, retail, industrials, and other sectors for the India portfolio. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Nomura Securities Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Intern Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 3 mos Location New Delhi Area, India Education Harvard Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Shri Ram College of Commerce Degree Name B.Com(H) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Neha has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Temasek 22,056 followers Instagram 151,824 followers Och-Ziff Capital Management 15,599 followers VC / PE Investing in Consumer-Driven Businesses 1,659 members Netflix 449,921 followers Kunal BahlKunal Bahl is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO, Snapdeal 175,548 followers See all See all following
More Actions Todd has a account Todd Castagno, CFA, CPA Executive Director at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley University of Missouri-Columbia New York, New York 499 499 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Provide technical accounting, tax and valuation analysis to institutional investors. Senior Consultant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Audit Senior Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area Education University of Missouri-Columbia Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 University of Missouri-Columbia Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 8 endorsements for Equity Research 8 Equity Research Endorsed by Scott Devitt, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Todd’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 7 endorsements for Financial Modeling 7 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Bala Balachander, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Todd’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 5 endorsements for Financial Analysis 5 Financial Analysis John Storey and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Todd has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Pulic Accountant (CPA) Charterd Finacial Analyst (CFA) Interests Tax Analysts 4,020 followers University of Missouri-Columbia 179,594 followers Bloomberg BNA 33,972 followers AlphaSense, Inc. 8,040 followers Project Renewal 1,733 followers Finance Club 1,037,793 members See all See all following
More Actions Heng xin has a account Heng xin Fun Quantitative Researcher in Hedge Fund Industry Chi-Courser Investment Company University of Washington Pudongxin District, Shanghai, China 368 368 connections Send InMail Research statistical arbitrage and market anomaly strategies for China A shares. Apply data science and machine learning techniques. Focused on developing artificial-intelligence related models, deep learning, reinforcement learning, and recurrent networks on market variables for high frequency strategies. Code, back test, and implementing trading algorithms for intraday strategies for A shares and index futures. Programming Languages: Python, Matlab, R, SQL Previous experience includes sell side fundamental equity research, and corp finance role at Amazon's AWS. All 3 levels of CFA completed. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Quantitative Researcher Company Name Chi-Courser Investment Company Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Shanghai City, China Research quantitative models.Develop, back test, and implement algorithmic trading strategies.Option pricing and trading for APAC A/H shares market. Interests:Data Science, Machine Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Deep Learning Equity Research Analyst Company Name Evalueserve Shanghai Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Shanghai City, China • Supported MD and analysts coverage of 20+ AREITS and AU property/developer stocks • Help build valuations models; Maintained and updated models during earnings and other corporate events• Conducted and wrote Industry analysis reports using gov’t data, company data, and consultant research • Provided industry, company, event specific and scenario ad-hoc analysis.• Help publish weekly/monthly AU property market reports, quarterly industry health reports, and contributed to global logistics property report. Collaborated with Asia pacific team to publish monthly Asia Pacific property report. Fixed Income Quantitative Analyst Assistant Company Name Bank of China Investment Management Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Shanghai, China • Apply quantitative techniques and models to understand the statistical relationships between asset prices and market variables to identify areas of opportunities for investment• Implement credit models to analyze fixed income assets; Improved valuation models to better handle market and risk variables for trend following system Financial Analyst Company Name Amazon.com Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Seattle, WA Amazon Web Services - Tech Infrastructure FinanceInternship 11/2010-5/2011, Hired on as full time-contractor 5/2011-10/2011Created granular, flexible and scalable financial models across an extensive diversity of data sources for Amazon’s fastest growing business, Amazon Web Service, the dominant player in cloud computing. Owned processes in financial planning, analysis and reporting of data center, network and server hardware CapEx and depreciation.Developed processes and reports to deliver timely and insightful financial performance analysis on an ongoing basis for Amazon’s Cloud computing business, Amazon Web ServicesResponsible for maintaining accurate CIP accruals related to CapEx spend Discovered discrepancies in invoicing that saved Amazon in 200K in ongoing expenses President Company Name Lambda Phi Epsilon Fraternity, Inc Dates Employed May 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Seattle, WA Led fraternity to first national philanthropy award, committing over 80 hours of service per member, besting 53 chapters.Executed a video, web and social media strategy resulting in a 150% increase in incoming membership. Education University of Washington Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Lambda Phi Epsilon, Jumpstart Seattle, UW Boxing Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 16 endorsements for Finance 16 Finance Endorsed by 2 of Heng xin’s colleagues at Lambda Phi Epsilon Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 13 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 13 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 4 of Heng xin’s colleagues at Lambda Phi Epsilon Click and drag to reorder skills Time Management See 13 endorsements for Time Management 13 Time Management Endorsed by 2 of Heng xin’s colleagues at Lambda Phi Epsilon Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Bryan Dosono PhD Student in Information Science and Technology May 20, 2013, Bryan reported directly to Heng xin I have never met a visionary leader more energetic and resolute than Hengxin. I have known him for the past five years through Lambda Phi Epsilon and the leadership training curriculum he designed for our chapter during his presidency has been instrumental in developing and retaining quality members. Hengxin knows how to assemble dynamic teams that leverage individual talents to achieve impactful results. His unmatched resilience coupled with his astute finance skills make him an indispensable contributor to any organization. Qi(Gilbert) Zhou Quantitative Analyst Intern: Stress Test/DFAST/Market Risk/ERM June 7, 2016, Qi(Gilbert) worked with Heng xin in the same group Inquisitive, energetic and sharp. Gilbert has an innate intuition for finding critical features in data sets. I’ve worked with Gilbert in analyzing one of my high frequency strategies, and he was quick to reframe the question in a more fundamental way, which ultimately lead to our break through. If you have a chance to work with Gilbert, you will be impressed by his wit and the naturalness in which he can harness an idea and distill it to find the right solution. Bryan Dosono PhD Student in Information Science and Technology May 21, 2013, Heng xin managed Bryan directly Humble and soft-spoken in his words, compassionate and inclusive in his dreams, Bryan is not a leader by authority, but a leader by example. His actions are commitments to making the world around him a better place. His projects and endeavors radiate hope and exude vitality, a reflection of his optimism and reverence for life. I have known and worked with Bryan for 5 years in Lambda Phi Epsilon and I can say without a doubt he has impacted our organization tremendously and made it a better place. With his vision and will, Bryan is an individual that challenges the status quo, and in doing so, he betters the communities around him and pushes the world forward. Where ever he goes, whatever team he is on, I’m certain when it is done, their future will be more promising. Accomplishments Heng xin has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications CFA Level 3 Exam Passed CFA Level 2 Exam - Passed CFA Level 1 Exam - Passed Washington State Property and Casualty License Big Data Analysis with Revolution R Enterprise Kaggle R Tutorial on Machine Learning Heng xin has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Mandarin Spanish Interests University of Washington 358,099 followers CFA Society Seattle 816 members The Jumpstart Alumni Network 3,046 members University of Washington - Seattle 6,696 members The Speed Traders, by Edgar Perez 720 members Hedge Fund Professionals Worldwide Network 29,662 members See all See all following
More Actions Neha has a account Neha Aggarwal Investment Professional General Atlantic Harvard Business School London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Investor Company Name General Atlantic Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Responsible for sourcing, evaluating and executing growth equity investments and management of portfolio companies. In-depth diligence conducted on online restaurant classifieds, online travel agents, hyper-local grocery models, ed-tech models, general insurance, and healthcare delivery. Summer Associate Company Name WestBridge Capital Partners Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Covered auto and consumer public listed companies. Developed in-house view on the consumer tech sector in India. Associate Director Company Name Temasek Holdings Dates Employed Apr 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Evaluated and executed public market and private equity transactions across consumer goods, retail, industrials, and other sectors for the India portfolio. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Nomura Securities Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Intern Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 3 mos Location New Delhi Area, India Education Harvard Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Shri Ram College of Commerce Degree Name B.Com(H) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Neha has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Harvard Business School Alumni (Official) 28,986 members ECHINUS PARTNERS LP 26 followers EM Equity Investors - a Sheffield Haworth Community 41 members IvyPlus Network 518 members Och-Ziff Capital Management 15,599 followers Nomura Group 5,813 members See all See all following
More Actions Charlie has a account Charlie Miller Equity Research Analyst at Robert W. Baird Robert W. Baird Northwestern University Greater Milwaukee Area 240 240 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Robert W. Baird Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Education Northwestern University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Biomedical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Northwestern University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Biomedical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Northwestern University 170,996 followers Northwestern University 191,691 followers Baird 25,500 followers
More Actions Jim has a account Jim Rand CEO: Synervoz Communications Inc. Synervoz Communications Inc. IE (Instituto de Empresa) Toronto, Ontario, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail CEO: Synervoz Communications. Bringing spontaneous voice communication everywhere. If you listen to music, watch videos, or have friends / coworkers you'd like to talk to more spontaneously, check out www.turnmeupapp.com or www.synervoz.com. The rest of you, feel free to reach out for any reason. Here's more about my past life: --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Professional Engineer, APEGBC. MBA, IE Business School, December 2013 Well traveled, >50 countries. --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Corporate Experience: Equity research (all industries), private equity (mining), consulting (mining). --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Engineering and Resource Industry Experience: I led construction teams at an operating mine and at major construction projects (>$1B). I was involved in projects across the spectrum from early drilling, through scoping and feasibility studies, detailed engineering, and construction. I designed mechanical and structural assemblies and oversaw installation. I built financial and operating models to optimize mine design and assess project economics. I also worked hands-on in Oil & Gas & Process industries. Specialties include financial and technical analysis of projects, Xeras modeling software, training junior engineers and analysts, managing teams of engineers and tradesmen. Some projects I worked on were: Rio Tinto/Ivanhoe - Oyu Tolgoi BHP Billiton - Ekati diamond mine New Gold - New Afton Northern Dynasty - Pebble Project Abacus - Ajax Mansfield Minerals - Lindero Candente - Canariaco Canexus Technology Conversion Project Seymour Capilano Water Filtration Plant (world's largest UV filtration plant) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Founder and Chief Executive Officer Company Name Synervoz Communications Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area - Part of Tech Stars Virgin Media Accelerator - Product design and prototyping (multiple products). - Business plan & strategy. - Partnership negotiation. - Marketing, fundraising, accounting, team building and management. - Patents issued. www.synervoz.com Media (2) This position has 2 media TurnMeUp Intro Video TurnMeUp Intro Video This media is a video Tech Stars Virgin Media Tech Stars Virgin Media This media is an image Equity Research Analyst Company Name Pollitt & Co Dates Employed May 2014 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Toronto, Canada Area Identifying undervalued companies and initiating research coverage across many industries including mining, hi-tech, oil & gas, aerospace, chemical, forest products, agriculture, and others. Responsibilities include: Building and maintaining financial models.Meeting with private companies seeking capital and evaluating businesses; primarily mining & high tech.Publishing industry and macroeconomic commentary, in addition to company coverage reports. Meeting with institutional and high net worth clients. Meeting with company management, attending shareholder's meetings, site visits. Managing associates and interns. Live guest appearances on Canada's Business News Network (BNN) Intern, mining team Company Name Denham Capital Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom Summer intern in mining group at a private equity firm (7.5B under management) specializing in the natural resources industry. Primary responsibilities included financial modeling, investment review, and research (Bloomberg, Capital IQ, Intierra). Mining Analyst Company Name AMEC Dates Employed May 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Vancouver, British Columbia Produced detailed operating and capital cost models, as well as technical reports for several hundred million to multibillion dollar mining projects. Built detailed Xeras based model for Oyu Tolgoi project in Mongolia. Xeras financial modeling software champion for AMEC. Led user group of 45 people in 8 global mining offices. Provided one on one training and support to user group. Set up interoffice network and standardized modeling techniques company-wide. Coordinated major expansion of software and increased AMEC’s marketability for future mining studies.Also conducted a metals pricing study, benchmark costing, and overall discounted cash flow modeling. QA/QC Manager, Field Supervisor, Mechanical Engineer Company Name AMEC Dates Employed Nov 2007 – May 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location British Columbia, Canada Mechanical design and engineering for several mining projects. Led quality control and field engineering on $600M mining project. Also called to help commission a chlorine plant and the world's largest ultraviolet filtration plant. See more positions Education IE (Instituto de Empresa) Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance and Entrepreneurship Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Dean's List, Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society, Social Club Coordinator. Europe's #1 ranked business school, Financial Times 2012.Top student finalist, section rank # 1 Queen's University Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Olympic Weightlifting & Powerlifting club. Principal's ScholarshipDean's Scholar1st Class Honours Queen's University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Olympic Weightlifting & Powerlifting Club Completed dual degree in 4 years instead of 5.Grad w/ Distinction. Volunteer Experience Policy Analyst Company Name Federal Political Party Cause Politics Featured Skills & Endorsements Mining See 24 endorsements for Mining 24 Mining Endorsed by Simon Allard, P. Eng, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jim’s colleagues at AMEC Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 20 endorsements for Financial Modeling 20 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Jim’s colleagues at AMEC Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 14 endorsements for Management 14 Management Lulwa Albraik and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Juni Bimm UX Designer at Nurun Toronto January 6, 2017, Jim was a client of Juni’s Juni was awesome to work with and helped us to improve our User Experience vis a vis her User Interface redesign suggestions. She researched existing communications apps and solicited feedback while testing our app with end users. This came together in a carefully thought out mock-up from which we were able to integrate unique visual UI features that made our app easier to use and understand. She achieved this in a short time frame with limited instructions. You can rely on Juni as a self-motivated, creative individual that is all around easy to work with. Highly recommended! Hannah Reid Thing maker December 16, 2016, Jim managed Hannah directly Hannah worked on a UX project for us and did an awesome job. We are building what amounts to a completely new paradigm for voice communications. It's a very difficult concept to wrap your head around, and more difficult yet to create an intuitive user experience, but Hannah was able to wrap her head around it quickly and put our vision into a clickable mockup that was much more intuitive than the version we had designed ourselves. Due to time constraints, I was limited in how much time I could spend discussing our specific objectives, but somehow she organized my ramblings into a structured research project and report, and achieved a great looking mockup with only intermittent input from me. She's also just a friendly, good person to work with. So my recommendation is to just hire her, especially if she likes what you're working on. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Jim has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages French Spanish Interests Denham Capital 2,282 followers Investment Bankers Group: Investment Banking, Leveraged Buyouts, IPOs, Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) 32,034 members Queen's University 131,368 followers Harvard Business School 336,930 followers IE Business School 80,363 followers Stepsize 51 followers See all See all following
More Actions Todd has a account Todd Castagno, CFA, CPA Executive Director at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley University of Missouri-Columbia New York, New York 499 499 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Provide technical accounting, tax and valuation analysis to institutional investors. Senior Consultant Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Audit Senior Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Greater St. Louis Area Education University of Missouri-Columbia Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 University of Missouri-Columbia Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 8 endorsements for Equity Research 8 Equity Research Endorsed by Scott Devitt, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Todd’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 7 endorsements for Financial Modeling 7 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Bala Balachander, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Todd’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 5 endorsements for Financial Analysis 5 Financial Analysis John Storey and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Todd has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Pulic Accountant (CPA) Charterd Finacial Analyst (CFA) Interests Tom KeeneTom Keene is a LinkedIn Influencer Bloomberg Surveillance: TV then Radio 192,572 followers New York Road Runners 8,075 followers Finance Club 1,037,793 members Tax Analysts 4,020 followers CFA Institute 165,491 followers Accounting professionals 65,362 members See all See all following
More Actions Tunde has a account Tunde Abidoye Equity Research Analyst at FBN Capital FBN Capital Lagos Business School, Pan African University Nigeria 134 134 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name FBN Capital Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Senior Analyst Company Name CSL Stockbrokers Ltd Dates Employed Sep 2007 – May 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Analyst Company Name Intercontinental Bank Plc Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Feb 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Education Lagos Business School, Pan African University Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Investment Banking See 11 endorsements for Investment Banking 11 Investment Banking Endorsed by 3 of Tunde’s colleagues at CSL Stockbrokers Limited Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 10 endorsements for Capital Markets 10 Capital Markets Endorsed by 5 of Tunde’s colleagues at CSL Stockbrokers Limited Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 7 endorsements for Financial Modeling 7 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Olufunso Fasetire and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Gbenga Sholotan Lead Analyst, SSA (ex-SA) Oil&Gas, Cement (West Africa) Research | StanbicIBTC (A member of Standard Bank Group) October 20, 2011, Gbenga worked with Tunde in the same group Gbenga is a result oriented colleague with excellent analytical and problem solving skills. He pays attention to tiny details and nuances easily missed by most people. He goes about his work with lots of creativity and passion. He also has a strong commitment to meeting tight deadlines. I strongly recommend him. Accomplishments
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew Frankel, CFA Equity Research Associate at Cowen and Company Cowen and Company University of Maryland - Robert H. Smith School of Business New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Associate - Surface Transportation & Logistics Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location New York, NY Equity research coverage of the Surface Transportation & Logistics sectorFinancial analysis, valuation and investment idea generation for institutional investor client baseAuthor reports on companies under coverage and the broader transportation and logistics industry Senior Associate Analyst - Transportation & Logistics Company Name Macquarie Group Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location New York, NY Equity research coverage of the Transportation & Logistics sectorTeam ranked #2 in stock picking for the Road and Rail sector in the 2016 Thomson Reuters Analyst Awards (given for 2015 performance) Associate, Equity Sales & Research Company Name Hedgeye Risk Management, LLC Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY Spoke with institutional and private clients on a daily basis about actionable investment ideas and long term themes based upon our fundamental researchFocused on US equities, currencies, commodities, and macroeconomic trends Analyzed the consumer staples sector alongside one of the firm's Managing Directors Analyst, Investment Banking Company Name Needham & Company Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 8 mos Location New York, NY Developed and analyzed pro forma M&A and valuation models for use in both pitching prospective consumer discretionary/software/clean-tech/bio-tech clients and advising emerging growth companies on a variety of strategic opportunitiesWrote and edited S-1s for IPOs Created roadshow marketing materials Associate, Investment Management Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location New York, NY Supported team’s two senior research analysts with stock idea generation and fundamental analysis as we managed money for individuals and institutions in one or more of the following strategies: a long-only equity fund, a long-short equity fund and/or a personalized asset allocation portfolio which generally included exposure to corporate and municipal debtConducted due-diligence on various external multi-asset class money managers including analyzing risk-adjusted performance, performance attribution, risk exposures, and investment styles Group also provided equity research sales coverage to several hedge funds so I had the opportunity to speak with analysts and portfolio managers about various investment ideas and strategiesManaged client order flow with our trading deskMy boss brought our entire team at Citigroup to J.P. Morgan in February 2009 where I fulfilled the same role Education University of Maryland - Robert H. Smith School of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Mentor, Robert H. Smith School of Business Finance Fellowship Program; Chapter President, Zeta Beta Tau Fraternity; Order of Omega Honor Society inductee; Midfielder, University of Maryland club soccer Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 11 endorsements for Equities 11 Equities Endorsed by 2 of Matthew’s colleagues at Cowen and Company Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 8 endorsements for Equity Research 8 Equity Research Endorsed by Rory Green, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Matthew’s colleagues at Cowen and Company Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modeling 6 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Matthew’s colleagues at Cowen and Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) John Henderson Consultant For Institutional Investors July 4, 2012, John was a client of Matthew’s Matt has proven to be a great asset to Inflection Point Investing since joining us on a part-time basis. I look forward to reading Matt's research on companies ahead of our conference calls with them. His industry insights and perspective have helped us to glean a number of interesting statistics that have proven very helpful in our investments this year. Matt works hard and would make a great asset to any future employer. Jared Kalmanson General Counsel @ NewsCred December 27, 2012, Matthew and Jared were students together I've known Jared since 2003 when we met at the University of Maryland. I had the pleasure of working with him when he was the Vice President of our 100 member fraternity. I've also come to know him very well as a close personal friend. I can't say enough about how high quality a person Jared is in terms of his loyalty, integrity, level-headedness and keen business acumen. He is always able to effectively analyze a problem and develop a thoughtful solution no matter how complex the issue may be. I can't think of anyone I would recommend more highly than Jared. Accomplishments Matthew has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Interests CFA Institute Members 69,517 members Zeta Beta Tau 8,077 members University of Maryland - Robert H. Smith School of Business 27,948 followers Minds Matter NYC 517 members University of Maryland - Robert H. Smith School of Business 24,491 followers Marsh 159,690 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brett has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Brett Feldman Vice President at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs University of Michigan Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity Research Analyst Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Director Company Name Deutsche Bank Securities Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Vice President Company Name Barclays Investment Bank Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 10 mos Vice President Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed Sep 2003 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Director, Investor Relations Company Name GoAmerica, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2000 – May 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Hackensack, NJ See more positions Education University of Michigan Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Jeff Kvaal, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brett’s colleagues at Barclays Investment Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 3 endorsements for Valuation 3 Valuation Endorsed by Nils Paellmann, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brett’s colleagues at Lehman Brothers Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 2 endorsements for Capital Markets 2 Capital Markets Endorsed by Jeff Kvaal, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brett’s colleagues at Barclays Investment Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Michigan 389,977 followers Goldman Sachs 809,544 followers Mike BloombergMike Bloomberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur, philanthropist, and three-term mayor of New York City 800,840 followers Deutsche Bank Securities 8,983 followers Robert HerjavecRobert Herjavec is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder of Herjavec Group | Shark on ABC's Shark Tank | Bestselling Author of You Don't Have to Be a Shark 1,151,196 followers University of Michigan 368,679 followers
More Actions Anthony has a account Anthony Noto Twitter COO & CFO Twitter The Wharton School Atherton, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Anthony Noto became COO of Twitter in November 2016 and remains the company's CFO. Prior to joining Twitter in July 2014 he was the co-head of Global Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) Investment Banking at Goldman Sachs. He rejoined Goldman Sachs in October 2010 after serving as the National Football League’s executive vice president and chief financial officer for nearly three years. While at the NFL, Anthony oversaw league-wide finance and strategy functions, including corporate development, labor finance, operational finance and accounting, tax and treasury. Prior to joining the NFL, Anthony was the Internet, Entertainment and Cable Equity Research analyst and business unit leader for the Communications, Media and Entertainment Equity Research team at Goldman Sachs. Anthony joined the firm in 1999 in Equity Research to cover the Internet sector and added coverage of the Entertainment sector in 2003. He was a top-ranked analyst in both the Internet and Entertainment sectors in the annual Institutional Investor poll and Greenwich Survey from his first year covering each sector. Anthony also achieved the distinction of being the No. 1 ranked Internet analyst from 2003 to 2007. He was named managing director in 2003 and partner in 2004. Prior to first joining Goldman Sachs, Anthony worked at Lehman Brothers, where he was part of the Institutional Investor All-American Team covering the Broadline Retailing sector. Before transitioning to equity research, Anthony was a brand manager at Kraft Foods, Incorporated and a captain in the US Army as a telecommunications officer. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Operations Officer &. CFO Company Name Twitter Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location San Francisco, California Chief Financial Officer Company Name Twitter Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Co-Head Global TMT Investment Banking Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Managing Director Chief Financial Officer, CFO Company Name National Football League Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Executive Vice President Managing Director Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed 1999 – 2008 Employment Duration 9 yrs Head of Communication Media and Internet Equity Research Business Unit See more positions Education The Wharton School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 United States Military Academy at West Point Degree Name BS Field Of Study Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations David Wehrheim Owner FCS at FCS November 16, 2010, Anthony was a client of David’s David has performed a varitey of projects for us at our home -everything form sheet rocking and repairing interior wall issues to painting the outside of our house to providing periodic maintenance. His work is excellent and his service is unmatched in all respects. We strongly recommend David Heather Leonard Co-Founder and CEO of Throwing Fruit February 3, 2009, Anthony managed Heather directly Heather was the first person I hired at Goldman. To say it was the smartest thing I did in my near 10 years there is an understatement. Heather is a must hire -she brings what every leader wants in someone on their team to the table. It would be an injustice to try to and reflect the extent of her ability or contributions in a short recommendation. More than happy to discuss live. Accomplishments Interests Seeking Alpha 50,283 followers TED Conferences 5,511,490 followers Google 4,935,134 followers CNBC 1,117,595 followers Business Insider 2,756,898 followers Arianna HuffingtonArianna Huffington is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Thrive Global 5,394,128 followers See all See all following
More Actions Thomas has a account Thomas Lee Managing Partner/ Head of Research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, LLC Fundstrat Global Advisors, LLC The Wharton School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail US Equity Strategist Highlights Follow Follow Thomas’ Articles 1,699 followers Fundstrat family is hiring in our sales team: seeking the motivated Thomas Lee on LinkedIn Publish dateMay 19, 2015 See all articles Experience Managing Partner/ Head of Research Company Name Fundstrat Global Advisors, LLC Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Managing Partner Company Name Fundstrat Global Advisors Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 mo Location 150 East 52nd St, 31st floor, NYC Managing Director Company Name JPMorgan Dates Employed Dec 1999 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 14 yrs 7 mos Managing Director Company Name JP Morgan Chase Dates Employed 1999 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 15 yrs Managing Director Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed 1999 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 15 yrs See more positions Education The Wharton School Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 92 endorsements for Equities 92 Equities Endorsed by Joseph Gahtan and 19 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Thomas’ colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 56 endorsements for Equity Research 56 Equity Research Endorsed by David Lipshutz and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Thomas’ colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 38 endorsements for Management 38 Management Endorsed by 11 of Thomas’ colleagues at J.P. Morgan Endorsed by 6 people who know Management Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Alex Cena Alex Cena - Wealth Management for Corporate Executives, Entrepreneurs, Venture Capital, Private Equity & High Net Worth April 21, 2012, Alex worked with Thomas in the same group Alex Cena was a highly regarded Senior Analyst covering the Telecom Equipment Sector. We worked for several years together at Salomon Smith Barney. He was very insightful and a good business partner. Dave Gould Accomplished Finance & Strategy Leader February 23, 2012, Thomas worked with Dave but at different companies I highly recommend David Gould. I have worked with David in many capacities since 1997, with David serving many roles including Investor Relations, Business Development among others.I consider his integrity and intelligence to be among the best. And he is also a genuine and authentic person. I would gladly be a business partner with David in the future.Hence, I am highly recommending and endorsing David. Accomplishments Interests The Wharton School 158,697 followers PAACH Alumni, Partners, Students, Faculty & Staff 1,861 members Zachary KarabellZachary Karabell is a LinkedIn Influencer Head of Global Strategies at Envestnet 216,625 followers RigUp 1,357 followers Tom KeeneTom Keene is a LinkedIn Influencer Bloomberg Surveillance: TV then Radio 192,572 followers J.P. Morgan 833,571 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Doumet Equity Research Analyst (Diversified Industrials) at Scotiabank GBM Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets McGill University Montreal, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst (Diversified Industrials) Company Name Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Montreal Equity Research Associate Company Name Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Montreal, Canada Area Financial Analyst - Mergers & Acquisitions Company Name Yellow Media Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Investment Banking Analyst Company Name Lazard Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Montreal Summer Analyst Company Name BMO Capital Markets Dates Employed May 2007 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 4 mos Education McGill University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Finance Grade 3.75 Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 9 endorsements for Financial Modeling 9 Financial Modeling Jenyfer Maisonneuve and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 9 endorsements for Finance 9 Finance Jenyfer Maisonneuve and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 8 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 8 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Catherine Beauchemin, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests Intermap Technologies 3,053 followers Scotiabank 221,961 followers McGill University 236,969 followers McGill University 216,268 followers Lower Canada College Alumni 996 members Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets 10,241 followers
More Actions Sherri has a account Sherri Scribner Director, Equity Research Analyst at Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Sherri Scribner is a Director at Deutsche Bank Securities and Senior Research Analyst covering the IT Hardware and Technology Supply Chain sectors. She has been ranked as an Institutional Investor (II) analyst (2014 and 2012) and recognized by the Wall Street Journal as a Best on the Street Analyst (2010). In addition, she is a frequent presenter on television, including on Squawk Box, Squawk Alley, and Bloomberg. She has also been rated as one of the top 50 most influential people in EMS by Venture Outsourcing (2012). Sherri joined Deutsche Bank in 2002 as an Associate Analyst covering the IT Hardware and Storage industries, and was promoted to Senior Analyst in 2007. She holds an MBA from Columbia Business School as well as master’s and bachelor’s degrees in Architecture. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Jul 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs Location New York, New York Senior Equity Research Analyst, Technology Hardware and Supply Chain Media (1) This position has 1 media Valuation for Apple a unique thing: Analyst Valuation for Apple a unique thing: Analyst This media is a video Summer Associate, Equity Research Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Aug 2001 Employment Duration 3 mos Summer Equity Research Associate, Telecom Services Junior Architect Company Name Platt Byard Dovell Architect Dates Employed Feb 1998 – Aug 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location New York, New York Job Captain, Exterior Design and Construction Education Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 New Jersey Institute of Technology Degree Name Master of Architecture Field Of Study Architecture Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 The University of Texas at Austin Degree Name Bachelor of Architecture Field Of Study Architecture Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 24 endorsements for Equity Research 24 Equity Research Endorsed by Brian Thackray and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Sherri’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 11 endorsements for Financial Modeling 11 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Barbara Ryan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Sherri’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 10 endorsements for Capital Markets 10 Capital Markets Endorsed by 3 of Sherri’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Wall Street Executive 1,342 members The Wall Street Job Report 40,619 members The University of Texas at Austin 395,921 followers Deutsche Bank 567,769 followers Columbia Business School 74,054 followers New Jersey Institute of Technology 66,632 followers See all See all following
More Actions Laura has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Laura Sisson, CFA Transaction Services Associate at KPMG KPMG EDHEC Business School Manchester, United Kingdom 433 433 connections Send InMail Joined KPMG's Transaction Services team following 3.5 years as an Emerging Markets Banks Equity Analyst with Morgan Stanley in London. CFA® charterholder since 2015. Highlights Follow Follow Laura’s Activity 432 followers I am very proud to see the UBS Fundamental Analytics team voted #1 in EMEA (Extel) just 8 months after the team launched. We secured the top three inidiviual slots in the category as well as the overall team #1. This is just the start. Much more to come. Laura liked See all activity Experience Transaction Services Associate Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Equity Research Associate Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Associate in the Emerging Markets Banks team, supporting coverage of a ~30-stock pan-EEMEA universe, including banks in CEE, MENA, Turkey and Russia. Summer Intern, Credit Structuring, Fixed Income Company Name BNP Paribas Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom - Created and distributed weekly runs of credit-linked note rates and first-to-default rates on 50 corporate and sovereign credits and 20 credit baskets respectively for distribution to sales and trading teams- Produced a pitchbook on a new credit-linked product for distribution to credit sales teams- Calculated pricing requests of credit derivative products- Modified transaction termsheets prior to the execution of trades- Liaised with Bloomberg to request updates of BNP Paribas credit derivative pages- Completed week-long rotations on European Equity Derivatives and Asian Equity sales desks Assistant Financial Analyst Company Name Appui au Développement Autonome Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Luxembourg Analysed the financial statements and social- and credit-rating reports of three West African microfinance institutions, complemented by country- and industry-specific research, to aid production of investment proposals for a Luxembourg-based investment fund Trainee Auditor Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Luxembourg - Completed testing on financial statements of investment funds managed in Luxembourg- Recalculated daily Net Asset Values and further investigated any discrepancies- Reconciled cash, investment and share values with third parties (banks, custodians, etc.)- Verified fund conformity with Luxembourg law and fund-specific investment restrictions- Confirmed accuracy of note disclosures related to financial statement captions Education EDHEC Business School Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Awarded the EDHEC Distinction Scholarship for academic excellenceAwarded the CFA Institute Scholarship 2012Masters' Dissertation: An Analysis of the Impact of the Global Research Analyst Settlement on the Performance of Sanctioned Investment Banks' Stock RecommendationsEDHEC's MSc in Finance was ranked 6th worldwide in the Financial Times' 2012 Masters in Finance pre-experience rankings University of Bath Degree Name BSc (Hons) Field Of Study International Management and Modern Languages (French) Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: University of Bath Scuba Diving Club, University of Bath Lifesaving Club, Academic Representative during School of Management-wide meetings Awarded First Class Honours with Distinction in French Spoken LanguageThe University of Bath was named University of the Year and ranked 1st in the Business ranking by the Sunday Times University Guide 2011 Newport Girls' High School Degree Name A Levels and GCSEs Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2006 A Levels: French (A), General Studies (A), German (A), Information Technology (A), Mathematics (A)AS Level: Product Design (A)11.5 GCSEs at grades A* to B, including A* in Mathematics and English Language Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 11 endorsements for Equities 11 Equities Endorsed by 2 of Laura’s colleagues at KPMG Click and drag to reorder skills French See 10 endorsements for French 10 French Endorsed by Alexandre Perrin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Laura’s colleagues at KPMG Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 8 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 8 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 2 of Laura’s colleagues at KPMG Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Gisele Kayijuka Manager, Accounting and Finance December 8, 2012, Gisele managed Laura directly I worked with Laura on a big engagement. Laura delivered a very high quality work and was a very organized and reliable team member. She handled pro-actively clients questions and discussed potential issues to obtain a deep understanding on the issue and present possible solutions.Laura was a real asset for the team. I would be happy to recommend her! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Laura has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French German Spanish Laura has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder Interests The Complete Analyst (Investment Banking,Research and Private Equity) 4,116 members Alvarez & Marsal 34,916 followers KPMG 594,887 followers EDHEC Business School 50,431 followers Bath School of Management 4,720 members University of Bath 79,240 followers See all See all following
More Actions James has a account James Allen Equity Research Analyst at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan University of Oxford Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Associate Institutional Equity Sales Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Education University of Oxford Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Classics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Degree - Double First University of Oxford Degree Name Master of Arts (MA) Field Of Study Classics Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 2 endorsements for Financial Modeling 2 Financial Modeling Christopher Jacobs and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 1 endorsement for Investment Banking 1 Investment Banking Michelle Gingras has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 1 endorsement for Equities 1 Equities Michelle Gingras has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests J.P. Morgan 833,571 followers University of Oxford 278,182 followers Pinnacle Group International 1,470 followers Sam ShankSam Shank is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder at HotelTonight 299,909 followers Robin Judson Partners 1,512 followers Glocap 20,425 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rishabh has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Rishabh Kumar INSEAD MBA Participant | Class of Dec 17 CIMB INSEAD Singapore 500+ 500+ connections InMail Rishabh has 3+ years of experience in the investments space with the second biggest family office in UK, the Reuben Brothers and has gained extensive experiences and skills in business. He has had significant exposure to financial modelling, drafting presentations and understanding new businesses. He has explored various projects in diverse sectors such as agriculture and mining and has strongly contributed to valuations and portfolio management spheres of business. He has amassed a vast network of INSEAD, London Business School and a industry-wide & a geographically diverse professional network with High net worth individuals and industry experts. He possesses a wide variety of experience in multi-cultural contexts. He has lived and worked in countries such as UK, Singapore, India, Myanmar, and Italy. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Intern (Pre MBA) Company Name CIMB Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Investment Associate Company Name Draper Capital Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 mo Location Myanmar Senior Investment Analyst Company Name Draper Capital Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Mongolia Investment Analyst Company Name Draper Capital Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location London, United Kingdom • Originated, participated and brainstormed to pursue prospective investments in Mongolian and Myanmar firms across a variety of sectors • Performed valuations for companies across various sectors using various valuation techniques and developed presentations for co-investors and GP’s • Contributed throughout the execution of the deals on behalf of the company and anticipated various macroeconomic factors and analysed its effects on the current portfolio and explored viability of additional prospective investments and hedging strategies • Performed various tasks to support active and potential investments such as monitoring investments, developing investment teasers, market research, legal structuring and marketing Private Equity Analyst - Intern Company Name Draper Capital Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location London, United Kingdom • Worked directly with Jamie Reuben, Managing Partner of Reuben Brothers group and Managing Partner of Melbury Capital to deploy capital in projects in Mongolia and Myanmar. • Modelled and analysed potential M&A deal flows and used modelling methods including DCF, Trading Multiples, Transaction Comparables and LBO to value businesses and devised strategies to structure deals• Tracked commodity price movements and analysed its effects on Melbury's current portfolio and explored viability of additional prospective investments and hedging strategies• Analysed operations and financials by conducting extensive due diligence and provided recommendations that assisted Melbury in making their investment decisions See more positions Education INSEAD Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Activities and Societies: VP Finance - INSEAD Private Equity Club(IPEC), Consulting Club, London Business School Degree Name Masters in Management Field Of Study Finance Grade Graduated Top 15% Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Activities and Societies: PE & VC Club, Investment Management Club, Finance Club I was involved in projects requiring analytical applications such as using Excel for NPV, DCF, regression, risk analysis, sampling and distribution, hypothesis testing and forecasting in coursework at London Business School. Other relevant coursework includes Financial Accounting and Strategy. Indian Institute of Technology, Guwahati Degree Name Bachelors of Design Field Of Study Human Computer Interaction Grade Top 5%, 8.13/10 (UK 1st Class Equivalent) Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Member of Student gymkhana. Aquatics Secretary and Captain of IIT Guwahati Swimming Team. Organized cultural events. Participated and won in many cultural, technical and sports events. Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Missionaries of Charity Dates volunteered Jun 2012 – Dec 2012 Volunteer duration 7 mos Cause Health Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 21 endorsements for Financial Modeling 21 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Anirudh Mandhana, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 21 endorsements for Valuation 21 Valuation Fabien Chen and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Private Equity See 13 endorsements for Private Equity 13 Private Equity Fabien Chen and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Nicola Pangher General Manager Foreign Operations at TBS Group S.p.A October 8, 2012, Nicola managed Rishabh directly Rishabh did an internship in our team working on our telehealth / home monitoring projects during his last year at the Indian Institute of Technology. I did really appreciate that at his young age he was able to grasp business models and processes and make improvement proposals. I found that his performance was above average when compared to european students of similar age. Imma Gaudiano Logistic and supply chain specialist presso medac pharma October 6, 2012, Imma managed Rishabh directly Rishab has been working in TBS for some months in our office on a video-design project. He was new to Europe and he immediately adapted to the new job and the new place. He is full of initiative and made a great job. I would be very happy to work with him again Aung Si Thu Finance student at California State University, Fullerton January 25, 2017, Rishabh managed Aung Si directly During Aung's internship at Draper Capital, he made valuable contributions to the firm by delivering a comprehensive research on project related information. He is a self-starter, an avid learner, and has a very professional demeanor. He was well-liked by his peers and he fit into the Draper Capital office culture quite well. Accomplishments Rishabh has 6 courses 6 Expand courses section Courses Finance Financial Accounting Leadership in Organizations Macro economics Marketing Mathematical Analysis and Systems Rishabh has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Jubilee Scholarship London Business School Merit Scholarship Certificate of Appreciation Rishabh has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Hindi Rishabh has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Level I Rishabh has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Extent of Influence of regional preferences on the design of GUI elements in newspapers’ websites: An experimental study on user’s perceptions on visual layout Interests Citi 1,270,315 followers JPMorgan Chase & Co. 936,771 followers Global Sage 1,668 followers Stanford University Graduate School of Business 73,900 followers BNP Paribas 366,039 followers Monitor Deloitte (ex Monitor Group) 4,211 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brett has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Brett Feldman Vice President at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs University of Michigan Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity Research Analyst Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Director Company Name Deutsche Bank Securities Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Vice President Company Name Barclays Investment Bank Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 10 mos Vice President Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed Sep 2003 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Director, Investor Relations Company Name GoAmerica, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2000 – May 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Hackensack, NJ See more positions Education University of Michigan Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Jeff Kvaal, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brett’s colleagues at Barclays Investment Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 3 endorsements for Valuation 3 Valuation Endorsed by Nils Paellmann, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brett’s colleagues at Lehman Brothers Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 2 endorsements for Capital Markets 2 Capital Markets Endorsed by Jeff Kvaal, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brett’s colleagues at Barclays Investment Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Michigan 389,977 followers Deutsche Bank Securities 8,983 followers Mike BloombergMike Bloomberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur, philanthropist, and three-term mayor of New York City 800,846 followers University of Michigan 368,679 followers Goldman Sachs 809,544 followers Robert HerjavecRobert Herjavec is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder of Herjavec Group | Shark on ABC's Shark Tank | Bestselling Author of You Don't Have to Be a Shark 1,151,196 followers
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Doumet Equity Research Analyst (Diversified Industrials) at Scotiabank GBM Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets McGill University Montreal, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst (Diversified Industrials) Company Name Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Montreal Equity Research Associate Company Name Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Montreal, Canada Area Financial Analyst - Mergers & Acquisitions Company Name Yellow Media Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Investment Banking Analyst Company Name Lazard Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Montreal Summer Analyst Company Name BMO Capital Markets Dates Employed May 2007 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 4 mos Education McGill University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Finance Grade 3.75 Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 9 endorsements for Financial Modeling 9 Financial Modeling Jenyfer Maisonneuve and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 9 endorsements for Finance 9 Finance Jenyfer Maisonneuve and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 8 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 8 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Catherine Beauchemin, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests McGill University 236,969 followers Scotiabank 221,961 followers McGill University 216,268 followers Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets 10,241 followers Intermap Technologies 3,053 followers Lower Canada College Alumni 996 members
More Actions James has a account James Allen Equity Research Analyst at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan University of Oxford Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Associate Institutional Equity Sales Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Education University of Oxford Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Classics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Degree - Double First University of Oxford Degree Name Master of Arts (MA) Field Of Study Classics Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 2 endorsements for Financial Modeling 2 Financial Modeling Christopher Jacobs and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 1 endorsement for Investment Banking 1 Investment Banking Michelle Gingras has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 1 endorsement for Equities 1 Equities Michelle Gingras has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Oxford 278,182 followers Glocap 20,425 followers Amity Search Partners LLC 3,229 followers Mercury Partners Inc 1,081 followers Pinnacle Group International 1,470 followers Dr. Wladimir KlitschkoDr. Wladimir Klitschko is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Owner, Inspirer, Initiator and long-time Heavyweight Champion of the World 55,657 followers See all See all following
More Actions Wei-Weng has a account Wei-Weng Chen Equity Research Analyst (Energy & Utilities) at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan IE Business School Sydney, Australia 382 382 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst (Energy & Utilities) Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Sydney, Australia Construction Engineer - Cable Management/Electrical Company Name Kellogg Joint Venture Gorgon Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Western Australia, Australia Gorgon LNG Project - $43 billion Chevron-operated Gorgon Project is one of the world's largest natural gas projects and Australia's largest single resource project. The project involves developing the Greater Gorgon Area gas fields and constructing on Barrow Island a 3 train LNG plant. Duties included: site construction engineering management for $2bn civil and underground contract. Senior Project Engineer, Electrical Design Engineer Company Name UGL Rail and UGL Infrastructure Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Sydney, Australia Kwinana Power Station HEGT Project- $260 million EPC project for Verve Energy to replace existing generation assets with 2 x General Electric (GE) LMS100 gas turbines of nominal gross 106MW output each in addition to Balance of Plant equipment. Duties included: site construction management, electrical design, managing and preparing specifications and scopes of works Electrical Design Engineer Company Name Laing O'Rourke Dates Employed May 2009 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Sydney, Australia Yandi RPG 5 Primary and Secondary Crushing Facilities and Overland Conveyors- $150 million design and construct project for BHP Billiton Iron Ore for the design and construction of primary and secondary crushing facilities including overland conveyors. Duties included: responsibility for all HV Electrical design for the facility, managing and preparing specifications and scopes of works. Electrical Design Engineer Company Name Leighton Contractors Dates Employed May 2008 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Adelaide, Australia Quarantine Power Station Expansion Stage 4 – $80 million EPC project for Origin Energy to expand the capacity of the existing plant by adding a GE Frame 9E 120MW Gas Turbine Generator. Duties included: electrical design for balance of plant, responsibility for production of all cable terminations and cable schedule.Newman Power Station Expansion – $50 million EPC project for Alinta to expand the capacity of the existing plant by adding a Rolls Royce Trent 60 54MW Gas Turbine Generator. Duties included: electrical design for balance of plant, production of operation and maintenance manual for the entire plant. See more positions Education IE Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Corporate Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 University of Adelaide Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Grade (Hons.) Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Construction See 18 endorsements for Construction 18 Construction Endorsed by 5 of Wei-Weng’s colleagues at Kellogg Joint Venture Gorgon Click and drag to reorder skills Power Generation See 17 endorsements for Power Generation 17 Power Generation Endorsed by John Britto MIEAust CPEng and NPER and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Wei-Weng’s colleagues at Kellogg Joint Venture Gorgon Click and drag to reorder skills EPC See 12 endorsements for EPC 12 EPC Endorsed by Dave Evans and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Wei-Weng’s colleagues at Kellogg Joint Venture Gorgon Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Kellogg Joint Venture Gorgon 4,788 followers Finance Club 1,037,793 members Commonwealth Bank 171,346 followers University of Adelaide 84,135 followers Credit Suisse 453,194 followers University of Adelaide 6,867 members See all See all following
More Actions Sherri has a account Sherri Scribner Director, Equity Research Analyst at Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Sherri Scribner is a Director at Deutsche Bank Securities and Senior Research Analyst covering the IT Hardware and Technology Supply Chain sectors. She has been ranked as an Institutional Investor (II) analyst (2014 and 2012) and recognized by the Wall Street Journal as a Best on the Street Analyst (2010). In addition, she is a frequent presenter on television, including on Squawk Box, Squawk Alley, and Bloomberg. She has also been rated as one of the top 50 most influential people in EMS by Venture Outsourcing (2012). Sherri joined Deutsche Bank in 2002 as an Associate Analyst covering the IT Hardware and Storage industries, and was promoted to Senior Analyst in 2007. She holds an MBA from Columbia Business School as well as master’s and bachelor’s degrees in Architecture. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Jul 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs Location New York, New York Senior Equity Research Analyst, Technology Hardware and Supply Chain Media (1) This position has 1 media Valuation for Apple a unique thing: Analyst Valuation for Apple a unique thing: Analyst This media is a video Summer Associate, Equity Research Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Aug 2001 Employment Duration 3 mos Summer Equity Research Associate, Telecom Services Junior Architect Company Name Platt Byard Dovell Architect Dates Employed Feb 1998 – Aug 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location New York, New York Job Captain, Exterior Design and Construction Education Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 New Jersey Institute of Technology Degree Name Master of Architecture Field Of Study Architecture Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 The University of Texas at Austin Degree Name Bachelor of Architecture Field Of Study Architecture Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 24 endorsements for Equity Research 24 Equity Research Endorsed by Brian Thackray and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Sherri’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 11 endorsements for Financial Modeling 11 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Barbara Ryan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Sherri’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 10 endorsements for Capital Markets 10 Capital Markets Endorsed by 3 of Sherri’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Wall Street Job Report 40,619 members Deutsche Bank 567,768 followers The University of Texas at Austin 423,232 followers New Jersey Institute of Technology 64,283 followers Columbia Business School 83,292 followers The University of Texas at Austin 395,921 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vera has a account Vera Rossi Emerging Markets Equities State Street School of Economics, Business and Accounting at the University of São Paulo Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Vera Rossi has been ranked among the leading analysts in the TMT sector and has been recognized in a variety of investors' polls, including Institutional Investor magazine, Greenwich, Latin Finance magazine and Reuters. Vera has also been recognized for her stock-picking record, ranked for five years in the telecommunications industry in the Wall Street Journal “Best on the Street” survey, Forbes Magazine and Thomson Reuters Starmine. Wall Street Journal "Best on the Street" survey, Forbes Magazine and Thomson Reuters Starmine rankings are based on stock recommendations performance and include analysts covering US, Latin American, European, and Asian stocks. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Vera’s Activity 848 followers Head of Institutional Sales Announced for Global SPDR Business at State Street Global Advisors Vera liked "It's A Perfect Storm": List Of Retailers In Danger Of Bankruptcy Hits Record 22 Vera liked Britain: The End of a Fantasy Vera liked "Shrinking Alpha: Bruce Springsteen, Big Data and the Need for Knowledge" Vera liked See all activity Experience Emerging Markets Senior Analyst Company Name State Street Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Global Investment Research - Latam TMT and Consumer Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location New York Leading coverage of telecom, media, towers (REITs), internet, software, business services, technology and consumer stocks. Companies under coverage have presence in Latin America, Europe and US. Latin America Telecom and Media Analyst Company Name Barclays Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location New York Latin America Telecom and Media Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed 1998 – 2010 Employment Duration 12 yrs Location New York • Stock picking: consistent top performance among the analysts at Morgan Stanley equity research department. • Developed strong relationships with institutional investors in emerging and developed markets; held regular marketing trips across Latin America, US and Europe; interacted with institutional investors, sales force and traders to discuss stock recommendations and industry outlook. Top analyst in stock picking and broker reviews received from institutional investors in the US, Europe and Latin America.Equity Research, Executive Director 2004 – 2010• Covered telecommunications, media and education industries in Latin America;• Co-head of the Global Emerging Markets telecommunications and media teams. Conducted research comparing companies across emerging markets, working closely with research analysts in other regions.Equity Research, Vice President 2001 – 2003• Senior analyst for wireless stocks in Latin America and Canada. Initiated coverage of media/entertainment and cable stocks in Latin America and Canada in 2003;• Researched, modeled and analyzed companies in the telecommunications and media industries in Latin America and Canada. Equity Research, Associate 1998 – 2000• Research Associate. Support Latin America telecommunications senior analyst;• Initiated coverage of wireless stocks in Latin America in 1999, becoming the primary analyst on 10 stocks. Equity Research Analyst Company Name ING Barings Dates Employed 1996 – 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Sao Paulo, Brazil Education School of Economics, Business and Accounting at the University of São Paulo Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Business Administration and Management Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 50 endorsements for Equities 50 Equities Endorsed by Stephen Oler and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Vera’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 46 endorsements for Equity Research 46 Equity Research Endorsed by Andrea Teixeira and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Vera’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Emerging Markets See 41 endorsements for Emerging Markets 41 Emerging Markets Endorsed by Matthew Hickman and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Vera’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Vera has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Forbes Magazine Greenwich Associates Institutional Investor Magazine Latin Finance Magazine Thomson Reuters Starmine Analyst Award Wall Street Journal - Best on the Street Vera has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Spanish Vera has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Series 7, 63, 86 and 87 Interests Entrepreneur Media 1,655,783 followers LatAM Equity Research, Sales & Trading Network 480 members Penelope TrunkPenelope Trunk is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Quistic 216,592 followers Global Equity Research 14,441 members Emerging Markets Private Banking 58,842 members TechCrunch 1,694,018 followers See all See all following
More Actions Thomas has a account Thomas Lee Managing Partner/ Head of Research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, LLC Fundstrat Global Advisors, LLC The Wharton School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail US Equity Strategist Highlights Follow Follow Thomas’ Articles 1,699 followers Fundstrat family is hiring in our sales team: seeking the motivated Thomas Lee on LinkedIn Publish dateMay 19, 2015 See all articles Experience Managing Partner/ Head of Research Company Name Fundstrat Global Advisors, LLC Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Managing Partner Company Name Fundstrat Global Advisors Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 mo Location 150 East 52nd St, 31st floor, NYC Managing Director Company Name JPMorgan Dates Employed Dec 1999 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 14 yrs 7 mos Managing Director Company Name JP Morgan Chase Dates Employed 1999 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 15 yrs Managing Director Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed 1999 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 15 yrs See more positions Education The Wharton School Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 92 endorsements for Equities 92 Equities Endorsed by Joseph Gahtan and 19 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Thomas’ colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 56 endorsements for Equity Research 56 Equity Research Endorsed by Mark Moskowitz and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Thomas’ colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 38 endorsements for Management 38 Management Endorsed by 11 of Thomas’ colleagues at J.P. Morgan Endorsed by 6 people who know Management Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Alex Cena Alex Cena - Wealth Management for Corporate Executives, Entrepreneurs, Venture Capital, Private Equity & High Net Worth April 21, 2012, Alex worked with Thomas in the same group Alex Cena was a highly regarded Senior Analyst covering the Telecom Equipment Sector. We worked for several years together at Salomon Smith Barney. He was very insightful and a good business partner. Dave Gould Accomplished Finance & Strategy Leader February 23, 2012, Thomas worked with Dave but at different companies I highly recommend David Gould. I have worked with David in many capacities since 1997, with David serving many roles including Investor Relations, Business Development among others.I consider his integrity and intelligence to be among the best. And he is also a genuine and authentic person. I would gladly be a business partner with David in the future.Hence, I am highly recommending and endorsing David. Accomplishments Interests J.P. Morgan 833,573 followers Fundstrat Global Advisors, LLC 185 followers The Wharton School 158,697 followers Betty LiuBetty Liu is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder/CEO at Radiate, Inc. 309,416 followers PAACH Alumni, Partners, Students, Faculty & Staff 1,861 members Tom KeeneTom Keene is a LinkedIn Influencer Bloomberg Surveillance: TV then Radio 192,572 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gabriela has a account Gabriela Borges Equity Research Analyst at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Duke University New York, New York 404 404 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Technology: Security Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos Technology, Semiconductors & Semiconductor Capital Equipment Education Duke University Degree Name B.S. Economics, B.A. Mathematics Skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Equities Equities Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation Valuation Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gabriela has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Duke University 140,493 followers Goldman Sachs 809,545 followers Duke University 150,784 followers
More Actions Dorian has a account Dorian Terral Equity Research Analyst at Bryan, Garnier & Co Bryan, Garnier & Co Macquarie University France 250 250 connections Send InMail Highlights Dorian’s Activity Understanding Blockchain technology: today’s breakfast event with 3 keynote speeches from R&D, innovation and security specialists: Accenture Security, AXA and Worldline Global Dorian liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bryan, Garnier & Co Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Paris Area, France Coverage of European Semiconductor stocks (Technology) Investment Banking Analyst Company Name Portzamparc Société de Bourse - Groupe BNP Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Nantes Area, France - Originations : Initial Public Offering, Initial Bond Offering, capital increase (private and public)- Takeovers : Reverse, Friendly, ...- Wrote prospectus and registration statements- Completed buy and sell side financial due diligence reports Sell Side Equity Research Analyst Company Name Portzamparc Société de Bourse - Groupe BNP Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Nantes Area, France • Small & Mid Caps coverage: from 50M€ to 4Mld€• Built and updated financial models on covered listed stocks • Conducted companies valuation using peer groups’ multiples, transactions multiples and DCF• Wrote research notes based on in-depth research • Dealt with pre- and post-view commentaries on companies' results • Prepared and attended road-shows and corporate events Education Macquarie University Degree Name Master of International Business Field Of Study International Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Ecole supérieure de Commerce de Toulouse Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 University of Jyväskylä Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2008 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Markets See 5 endorsements for Financial Markets 5 Financial Markets Thomas Coudry and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 4 endorsements for Financial Analysis 4 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Amish Boodhoo, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Capital Markets See 3 endorsements for Equity Capital Markets 3 Equity Capital Markets Matthieu Chretien and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dorian has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Finnish French Spanish Interests Exane 10,185 followers University of Jyväskylä 22,741 followers European Semiconductor Industry Association (ESIA) 366 followers Bryan, Garnier & Co 3,042 followers CFA Program Candidates 215,077 members Toulouse Business School 35,412 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jay has a account Jay Somaney Founder at jaysomaney.com jaysomaney.com The University of Texas at Arlington Plano, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Founder Company Name jaysomaney.com Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Austin, Texas Area jaysomaney.com is a real-time active trading/investing site where subscribers can access my stock and options picks and market commentary live while the US markets are open. Please come in and take a look at my performance inception to date to get an idea of how I can be of benefit to you and your investing health. CEO and founder Company Name TSG Capital Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs 6 mos Location PLano, Texas contributor Company Name Forbes Dates Employed 2015 – 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr founder Company Name TSG Capital Dates Employed 1996 – 2014 Employment Duration 18 yrs founder Company Name TSG Capital Dates Employed 1996 – 2014 Employment Duration 18 yrs See more positions Education The University of Texas at Arlington Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Banking, Corporate, Finance, and Securities Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1992 University of Texas Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Banking, Corporate, Finance, and Securities Law Grade 3.9 Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1992 Activities and Societies: MBA Scholars Council Founding Member ST Marys ISC See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Trading Strategies See 45 endorsements for Trading Strategies 45 Trading Strategies Endorsed by George E. Davis, CMT and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Markets See 45 endorsements for Financial Markets 45 Financial Markets Endorsed by Jason Raznick and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jay’s colleagues at TheStreet Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 39 endorsements for Equities 39 Equities Endorsed by Brian Gilmartin, CFA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jay has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Gujarati hindi Interests The University of Texas at Austin 423,233 followers Jessica E. LessinJessica E. Lessin is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Editor-in-Chief at The Information 81,807 followers Jennifer MerrittJennifer Merritt is a LinkedIn Influencer Skilled journalist, editor, manager, storyteller, mentor. Champion of great stories and talented people. 88,638 followers James AltucherJames Altucher is a LinkedIn Influencer Author of the bestselling book Choose Yourself, editor at The Altucher Report jamesaltucher.com 798,234 followers Options World 1,738 members Rising Equities 702 members See all See all following
More Actions Sten has a account Sten Gustafsson Equity Research Analyst - at ABG Sundal Collier ABG Sundal Collier Sweden 412 412 connections Send InMail Investment professional with close to 15 years experience from equity and credit research, corporate finance and institutional equity research sales. Extensive experience of conducting fundamental analysis, including financial modeling, financial statement analysis, peer comparisons, analysis of companies’ business performance, risks and opportunities and evaluation of various strategic opportunities e.g. mergers and acquisitions and the capital structure. In-depth knowledge of and expertise in major Nordic sectors, including healthcare, industrials, telecom, consumer, financial services and pulp and paper. Lead analyst of the Nordic healthcare sector with focus on the medtech companies and their respective European and US peers Deep understanding of the specific needs and different investment philosophies among institutional investors in both Europe and North America See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name ABG Sundal Collier Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Stockholm, Sweden Nordic Healthcare analyst Credit Research Corporate Bonds (Temp) Company Name Nordic Fixed Income Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Stockholm, Sweden Nordic Equity Research Sales Company Name SEB Enskilda Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Nordic Specialist to US institutions Nordic Equity Research Sales Company Name Cheuvreux Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Stockholm, Sweden Nordic Specialist to US institutions Equity Research Analyst Company Name Alfred Berg ABN AMRO Dates Employed Dec 2003 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Stockholm, Sweden Nordic medtech analyst See more positions Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 15 endorsements for Equity Research 15 Equity Research Endorsed by David Halldén and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sten’s colleagues at Cheuvreux Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 9 endorsements for Equities 9 Equities Endorsed by David Halldén and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sten’s colleagues at Cheuvreux Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 7 endorsements for Corporate Finance 7 Corporate Finance Jonas Lindholm and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Global Investment Research 7,042 members ABG Sundal Collier 4,658 followers Credit analyst Club Worldwide 67,814 members Equity Research Analysts - A New Beginning - by Spartan Partnership 2,550 members Elekta 26,389 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nawar has a account Nawar Cristini Equity Research Analyst at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan Télécom SudParis London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity Research Analyst covering European Telecoms. Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Equity Research Analyst Company Name Nomura Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Equity Research Analyst covering European Telecoms. Team manager - Audit Company Name PwC UK Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom - Financial audits of various Telcos: BT, Hutch 3G UK, MBNL "Network JV between EE and Three".- Regulatory reviews mandated by Ofcom: Review of BT's cost model. Senior Auditor Company Name PwC France Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Paris Area, France - Financial and regulatory audits of various TMT companies: Orange, Iliad, Capgemini, The Walt Disney Company, Colt, Digicel...- Regulatory reviews mandated by the ARCEP (French Telco regulator): including MTR cost reviews and regulatory reviews of Orange's fixed wholesale cost model. Education Télécom SudParis Degree Name MSc. in Engineering Field Of Study Telecoms Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Preparatory classes for entrance to “Grandes Ecoles” (Maths Sup / Maths Spé) Field Of Study Intensive Maths, Physics and Chemistry class Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Telecommunications See 18 endorsements for Telecommunications 18 Telecommunications Endorsed by 2 of Nawar’s colleagues at Nomura Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 7 endorsements for Auditing 7 Auditing Endorsed by Bernard Gainnier, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modeling 6 Financial Modeling Arnaud Lellouche and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Amit Singh Chief Executive Officer at M3 India March 16, 2012, Amit worked with Nawar in the same group I was pleased to work with Amit at the Nomura’s European Telecoms Equity Research team. Amit has strong skills in financial modelling and in-depth understanding of fundamental and relative valuation. He also has very solid understanding of the telecom sector specificities including regulation and telecoms networks. Amit is hard working and a reliable colleague- he was always cheerful and willing to help, his dedication to his work set a great example for the team, and his encouragement and mentoring of his younger colleagues was very appreciated. Amit would be a valuable addition to any company he chooses to join, and I have no hesitation in recommending him highly. Accomplishments Interests Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members Télécom SudParis 3,945 followers IDATE DigiWorld 949 followers Nomura 84,997 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members AXA Investment Managers 35,743 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dorian has a account Dorian Terral Equity Research Analyst at Bryan, Garnier & Co Bryan, Garnier & Co Macquarie University France 250 250 connections Send InMail Highlights Dorian’s Activity Understanding Blockchain technology: today’s breakfast event with 3 keynote speeches from R&D, innovation and security specialists: Accenture Security, AXA and Worldline Global Dorian liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bryan, Garnier & Co Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Paris Area, France Coverage of European Semiconductor stocks (Technology) Investment Banking Analyst Company Name Portzamparc Société de Bourse - Groupe BNP Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Nantes Area, France - Originations : Initial Public Offering, Initial Bond Offering, capital increase (private and public)- Takeovers : Reverse, Friendly, ...- Wrote prospectus and registration statements- Completed buy and sell side financial due diligence reports Sell Side Equity Research Analyst Company Name Portzamparc Société de Bourse - Groupe BNP Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Nantes Area, France • Small & Mid Caps coverage: from 50M€ to 4Mld€• Built and updated financial models on covered listed stocks • Conducted companies valuation using peer groups’ multiples, transactions multiples and DCF• Wrote research notes based on in-depth research • Dealt with pre- and post-view commentaries on companies' results • Prepared and attended road-shows and corporate events Education Macquarie University Degree Name Master of International Business Field Of Study International Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Ecole supérieure de Commerce de Toulouse Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 University of Jyväskylä Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2008 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Markets See 5 endorsements for Financial Markets 5 Financial Markets Thomas Coudry and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 4 endorsements for Financial Analysis 4 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Amish Boodhoo, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Capital Markets See 3 endorsements for Equity Capital Markets 3 Equity Capital Markets Matthieu Chretien and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dorian has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Finnish French Spanish Interests Portzamparc Société de Bourse - Groupe BNP Paribas 995 followers Toulouse Business School 35,412 followers SemiWiki.com The Open Forum for Semiconductor Professionals 18,631 members Macquarie University Alumni 11,994 members Toulouse Business School 31,001 followers University of Jyväskylä 22,741 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gabriela has a account Gabriela Borges Equity Research Analyst at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Duke University New York, New York 404 404 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Technology: Security Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos Technology, Semiconductors & Semiconductor Capital Equipment Education Duke University Degree Name B.S. Economics, B.A. Mathematics Skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Equities Equities Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation Valuation Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gabriela has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Duke University 140,493 followers Duke University 150,784 followers Goldman Sachs 809,545 followers
More Actions Jay has a account Jay Somaney Founder at jaysomaney.com jaysomaney.com The University of Texas at Arlington Plano, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Founder Company Name jaysomaney.com Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Austin, Texas Area jaysomaney.com is a real-time active trading/investing site where subscribers can access my stock and options picks and market commentary live while the US markets are open. Please come in and take a look at my performance inception to date to get an idea of how I can be of benefit to you and your investing health. CEO and founder Company Name TSG Capital Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Present Employment Duration 20 yrs 6 mos Location PLano, Texas contributor Company Name Forbes Dates Employed 2015 – 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr founder Company Name TSG Capital Dates Employed 1996 – 2014 Employment Duration 18 yrs founder Company Name TSG Capital Dates Employed 1996 – 2014 Employment Duration 18 yrs See more positions Education The University of Texas at Arlington Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Banking, Corporate, Finance, and Securities Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1992 University of Texas Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Banking, Corporate, Finance, and Securities Law Grade 3.9 Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1992 Activities and Societies: MBA Scholars Council Founding Member ST Marys ISC See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Trading Strategies See 45 endorsements for Trading Strategies 45 Trading Strategies Endorsed by George E. Davis, CMT and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Markets See 45 endorsements for Financial Markets 45 Financial Markets Endorsed by Jason Raznick and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jay’s colleagues at TheStreet Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 39 endorsements for Equities 39 Equities Endorsed by Brian Gilmartin, CFA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jay has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Gujarati hindi Interests Forbes 4,673,314 followers Herb GreenbergHerb Greenberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at Pacific Square Research 333,263 followers The University of Texas at Arlington 152,707 followers Apple (AAPL) Independent Research 181 members Options World 1,738 members The University of Texas at Austin 395,921 followers See all See all following
More Actions Saree has a account Saree Boroditsky, CFA Equity Research Analyst Deutsche Bank Indiana University - Kelley School of Business New York, New York 379 379 connections Send InMail CPA, State of Illinois, 2007 Highlights Experience Vice President Equity Research Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Lead coverage on SMID Industrials: Graco (GGG), Lincoln Electric (LECO), Middleby (MIDD), and Wabtec (WAB)Support US Machinery coverage: Agco (AGCO), Caterpillar (CAT), CNH Industrial (CNHI), Deere (DE), Manitowoc (MTW), Oshkosh (OSK), Terex (TEX), and United Rentals (URI) Senior Associate Equity Research - US Machinery Company Name Citi Dates Employed Jun 2013 – May 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Support US Machinery coverage: Agco (AGCO), Allison Transmission (ALSN), Caterpillar (CAT), Cummins (CMI), CNH Industrial (CNHI), Deere (DE), Joy Global (JOY), Manitowoc (MTW), Oshkosh (OSK), Paccar (PCAR), Terex (TEX), United Rentals (URI), and Wabco (WBC) Marketing and Investor Relations Associate Company Name Wexford Capital Dates Employed Feb 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Private Equity Analyst Company Name Global Infrastructure Partners Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Investment Banking Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Education Indiana University - Kelley School of Business Degree Name MBA and B.S. Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Levent Tuysuzoglu Senior Associate at Prospect Capital Management November 17, 2013, Saree worked with Levent in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Saree for close to 3 years at Wexford Capital. Her work ethic is unmatched, which is a lot to say about someone in the field of finance. Saree is quick to understand concepts and continually educates herself. Most importantly, she is an extremely pleasant and helpful colleague to have in the workplace. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Precision Path Capital 24 followers Deutsche Bank 567,770 followers Indiana University Alumni Network 44,970 members
More Actions Sundip has a account Sundip Nag Equity Analyst at Ashmore Ashmore Baruch College Washington D.C. Metro Area 318 318 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name Ashmore Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 4 mos Responsible for covering India / ASEANResponsible for global EM Banks International Equity Analyst Company Name ING Investment Management, LLC Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos * Responsible for covering Banks, Insurance &amp; Real Estate for the International Equityteam (ING International Value and Growth funds).* Extensive financial valuation modeling and intensive fundamental bottom up drivenprocess.* Regions covered include US, Europe, Latin America and Asia.* Team has 5 year top quartile track record in international investing.* Strong relative out-performance over the EAFE financials benchmark since employmentdate.* Built relationships with senior management of several companies, economists, IR andsell-side analysts while evaluating investment opportunities.Key Achievements: Called the March 2009 bottom a little early (in Feb) but with the right high beta namesand shifted to higher quality Asian financials end of 2009 to have strong out-performancethrough the crisis. Associate Company Name Nuklik Financial Services - investment bank Dates Employed Jun 2003 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo * Tracked Asian financials for four years and have a strong understanding of the cyclicaldynamics in various countries in the region.* Managed nine deals in total and successfully completed two deals in my sectors.* Built financial valuation models and prepared several pitches related to ratingenhancements, restructuring of loan portfolios, risk management, securitization and othergeneric presentations. * Sourced clients and negotiated several deals from origination to execution.* Created pitch books and played an active part in several client presentations.Key Achievements:Got promoted from an analyst to Associate because of my contributions to the business,very early in my second year of Intern - Team Leader Concurrent Audit Company Name MNA (mid-sized Accounting firm) Dates Employed Jun 2003 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo * Audited monthly financial statements of ICICI Bank, Bandra branch.* Conducted substantive and compliance procedures to present monthly audit report. Partner/Portfolio Manager Company Name Turkuoise Investment Management Dates Employed Apr 2001 – Feb 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos * Launched investment fund managing money for family &amp; friends.* Recommended six stocks in the portfolios of different clients.* The fund returned more than 30%, best calls were I-flex and Bharti telecom IPO's. Education Baruch College Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance & Investments Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 Mumbai University, Narsee Monjee College of Economics Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce Field Of Study Economics Major Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 11 endorsements for Equities 11 Equities Endorsed by 5 of Sundip’s colleagues at Ashmore Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 9 endorsements for Valuation 9 Valuation Endorsed by Taras Shumelda, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Sundip’s colleagues at Ashmore Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 5 endorsements for Investments 5 Investments Endorsed by 3 of Sundip’s colleagues at Ashmore Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members Baruch College 114,190 followers Baruch Alumni - India Chapter 54 members Baruch College - Zicklin School of Business 11,783 members Baruch College 118,581 followers Dawn Taylor Associates 1,737 followers See all See all following
More Actions Thomas has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Thomas Hopkins Director, Fund Manager Research & Selection at Merrill Lynch Bank of America Merrill Lynch Columbia Business School New York, New York 346 346 connections InMail Senior Manager and Research Analyst with a 22-year successful track-record through multiple investment cycles at Merrill Lynch, JPMorgan, Bear Stearns, and Salomon Brothers. Fluent in Traditional and Alternative Investment Manager Research and Portfolio Construction, Sell-Side Equity Research, Institutional Equity Sales and Equity Capital Markets. Six-Time Institutional Investor (II) Ranked Equity Research Analyst (Technology Hardware/Electronics Manufacturing Services). Ranked in the Wall Street Journal's Best on The Street for Stock Picking and Earnings Forecasting. Generalist Senior Investment Manager Research Analyst skilled at identifying and recommending Value, Growth, Core, ESG and Sector Strategy (Healthcare, Technology, Energy and Real Estate) ideas with consistent alpha generation to FAs and Portfolio Managers. Former Institutional Investor Ranked Senior Equity Research Analyst Covering the Technology Hardware Supply Chain. Former Senior Institutional Equity Sales Account Manager with extensive bulge bracket and boutique experience. Proficient in fundamental, bottom-up analysis, modeling and valuation and in advising portfolio managers on thematic and opportunistic ideas across multiple sectors. Successful track-record servicing global institutional investors including hedge funds, mutual funds, and pension funds. Licenses: Series 7, 63, 65, 86, 87 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Global Wealth Investment Management Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Generalist Senior Traditional and Alternative Investment Manager Research Analyst responsible for hiring, monitoring, and termination recommendations for fund managers on Merrill's $1 Trillion Global Wealth Investment Management platform. Cover a mix of 35 Traditional, Alternative, Sector and ESG Equity strategies with $190 Billion in AUM including Value, Growth, Core, Real Estate, Energy MLPs, Healthcare, Liquid Alternatives/NTMFs and Balanced. Conduct Closed End Fund (CEFs) Manager competency reviews for Capital Markets offerings. Advise and guide FAs, Portfolio Managers, Private Banking Group and U.S Trust on conviction level and portfolio construction ideas for recommended Fund Managers. Managing Director, Institutional Equity Sales Company Name Hapoalim Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Executive Director, Institutional Equity Sales Company Name JPMorgan Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Institutional Equity Sales Managing Director, Equity Research Analyst, Technology Hardware Supply Chain Company Name Bear Stearns Dates Employed Apr 1997 – May 2006 Employment Duration 9 yrs 2 mos Former Institutional Investor (II) Ranked Equity Research Analyst Equity Research Analyst, Technology Hardware Supply Chain Company Name Salomon Brothers Dates Employed Jun 1994 – Apr 1997 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Equity Research Analyst Education Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance and Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1994 Activities and Societies: Toigo Fellow Robert Toigo Fellow Georgetown University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1989 Portsmouth Abbey School Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 7 endorsements for Equities 7 Equities Endorsed by 6 people who know Equities Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 5 endorsements for Equity Research 5 Equity Research Endorsed by P. Mark Martini, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 3 endorsements for Hedge Funds 3 Hedge Funds Marc Devorsetz and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Ron Dottin Risk Management at JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 8, 2009, Ron worked with Thomas in different groups Tom worked tirelessly to provide first class service to his client base. His success as a salesman stems from his amiable personality and his extensive experience as senior research analyst. Daniel Antonelli, CFA Managing Director, Head of Global Equity Sales in the U.S. June 2, 2009, Thomas worked with Daniel in the same group Tom is a thoughtful and intelligent guy. He worked extremely well in a team environment and was a highly valuable member of the Institutional Equity salesforce at JPMorgan. Ron Dottin Risk Management at JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 2, 2009, Thomas worked with Ron in different groups Ron did excellent work as a Quant Analyst at JPMorgan that I sold as a Senior Sales Account Manager. His idea-generation was timely and impactful. Accomplishments Thomas has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Series 7, 63, 65, 86, 87 Interests TH Real Estate (TH Real Estate) 3,680 followers Georgetown University 153,936 followers Georgetown University 140,187 followers Columbia Business School 74,054 followers Official Toigo Foundation Fellow and Alumni Community 935 members VelvetJobs 35,671 followers See all See all following
More Actions Molly has a account Molly Frew Equity Research Analyst at MFS Investment Management MFS Investment Management University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Boston Area MBA Candidate Company Name The Wharton School Dates Employed Aug 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Equity Research Analyst Intern Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Boston Area Assistant Vice President Company Name Barclays Capital Dates Employed Sep 2008 – May 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Analyst Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Vanderbilt University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics and History Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Roland Park Country School Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Vanderbilt University 96,401 followers The Wharton School 185,677 followers Vanderbilt University 103,975 followers The Wharton School 158,697 followers Adam GrantAdam Grant is a LinkedIn Influencer Author: GIVE AND TAKE, ORIGINALS, OPTION B; Wharton professor; NYT writer 1,428,599 followers MFS Investment Management 27,840 followers
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Steele Equity Research Analyst at First NZ Capital First NZ Capital Victoria University of Wellington Auckland, New Zealand 378 378 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President Equity Research Company Name First NZ Capital Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Auckland, New Zealand Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Auckland, New Zealand NZ institutional equities was closed early 2016. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Berenberg Bank Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location London, United Kingdom Equity Research Analyst - Food Retail Global Investment Research - Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Equities analyst covering pan European listed real estate companies. Executive Company Name Grant Thornton UK LLP Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom Responsible for assisting with tax due diligence and tax structuring primarily in the private equity sector. See more positions Education Victoria University of Wellington Degree Name Bachelor of Law (LLB) Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Victoria University of Wellington Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce & Administration Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Scots College Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 8 endorsements for Equities 8 Equities Endorsed by 3 of Andrew’s colleagues at Berenberg Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Ravi Tanna and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 5 endorsements for Valuation 5 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Andrew’s colleagues at Berenberg Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Craigs Investment Partners 2,644 followers Scots College Old Boys Association (NZ) Network 291 members Financial Times 2,239,400 followers Auckland Airport 5,241 followers Capital Economics 6,295 followers Credit Suisse 453,195 followers See all See all following
More Actions Muir has a account Muir Christopher Equity Analyst at CFRA Research CFRA Research University of Vermont Summit, New Jersey 304 304 connections Send InMail Financial analyst with over 20 years on Wall Street focusing on valuation, modeling, and industry analysis. Experience includes equity and fixed income analysis of utilities, consumer products and regional banking companies. Expertise in Excel and proficiency in VBA for Excel ensures efficient data manipulation and accurate output. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name CFRA Research Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location New York, NY Equity analyst covering 85 domestic utility and chemical companies. Member of portfolio selection committee. Assist department head with technology issues and run special projects using Excel and VBA for Excel. Senior Industry Analyst Company Name S&P Global Market Intelligence Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location New York City Equity analyst covering 78 domestic utility and chemical companies. Member of portfolio selection committee. Senior Industry Analyst Company Name S&P Capital IQ Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Equity analyst covering 28 domestic utilities; assistant to the group head; member portfolio selection committee; equity ETF report development team member; fixed income ETF report development team member; and responsible for completing many one-off and continuing projects for the department head. 3rd place in The Wall Street Journal's 2012 Best on the Street in the utilities category. Industry Analyst Company Name Standard & Poor's Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Equity analyst covering utilities from October 2006 and regional banks prior to October 2006. Analyst Company Name ABN AMRO Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Feb 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Fixed Income Analyst covering investment grade consumer products. See more positions Education University of Vermont Degree Name Bachelor of Science, cum laude Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1996 Dual concentrations in accounting and finance.Received Malcolm F. Severance Award for excellence in the field of Finance. Volunteer Experience Cub Master and Den Leader Company Name Cub Scouts Pack 99 Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 10 mos Cause Children Cub Master for Pack 99 at Our Lady of Peace Church in New Providence, NJ. Also Den Leader that started with Tigers Den in 2012 and has progressed through the requirements toward achieving the Arrow of Light award that will be awarded in March 2017. Coordinate and run special events for Pack 99, including organizing and running the fall camping trip and the spring Pinewood Derby events. Assistant Parent Coach Company Name Summit Soccer Club Dates volunteered Aug 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 11 mos Cause Children Help head parent coach to organize required team paperwork for submission to club and league. Assist professional coach at team practices and games. Coach games when other coaches are not available. Ensure compliance with concussion management. Assistant Coach Company Name Summit Recreational Soccer Dates volunteered Sep 2015 – Jun 2016 Volunteer duration 10 mos Cause Children Assist coaching soccer practices and games. Coach games when other parent was nto available. See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 19 endorsements for Equities 19 Equities Endorsed by Phillip Seligman, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Muir’s colleagues at S&P Global Market Intelligence Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 10 endorsements for Equity Research 10 Equity Research Endorsed by 5 of Muir’s colleagues at S&P Global Market Intelligence Endorsed by 6 people who know Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 10 endorsements for Capital Markets 10 Capital Markets Endorsed by Phillip Seligman, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Muir’s colleagues at S&P Global Market Intelligence Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Muir has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Best on the Street 2012 3rd place Muir has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests CFRA Research 1,094 followers University of Vermont 74,442 followers S&P Global Market Intelligence 62,820 followers University of Vermont 76,655 followers Equity Research Analyst Career Opportunities 2,813 members Financial Analyst Jobs Group 30,903 members See all See all following
More Actions Jessica has a account Jessica Alderson Equity Research Associate at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley University of Bath London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Oil Services Equity Research Associate Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Equity Research Summer Intern Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom Worked with both the oil and gas team and the food consumer team. Presented two stock pitches to the equity research department and completed an individual project on a specific company. Equity Research Easter Intern Company Name Berenberg Bank Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Worked with the highly-respected Berenberg equity research healthcare team. Student Research Chemist Company Name Infineum Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Oxford, United Kingdom Worked both on a team project and my own individual project, which included managing a budget.Regularly communicated results via reports and oral presentations. Promotions Representative Company Name Kreate Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Oxford, United Kingdom Represented high-profile clients such as Nintendo Wii, Panasonic, Lindt, Coca-Cola, Fusion gyms and Highland Park whisky. See more positions Education University of Bath Degree Name Master in Chemistry Field Of Study Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Grade: First-Class Honours.Completed a computational chemistry research project with Dr Aron Walsh that identified a small number of metal oxide compounds that could potentially be used as commercially viable materials in solar cells. Truro School Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2008 A levels 2008: Biology A, Chemistry A, Geology A. AS level 2007: Economics A. Featured Skills & Endorsements Economics See 23 endorsements for Economics 23 Economics Endorsed by 3 of Jessica’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 19 endorsements for Research 19 Research Endorsed by 2 of Jessica’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 19 endorsements for Financial Modeling 19 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Geoff Robinson CA FCA MCSI and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jessica’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jessica has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests University of Bath 75,302 followers Berenberg 6,217 followers Morgan Stanley Network 24,213 members Shell 2,091,323 followers Bath Finance Network 310 members Truro School Former Pupils' Association 353 members See all See all following
More Actions Xuan has a account Xuan Tan Equity Research Analyst at CLSA CLSA Nanyang Technological University Singapore 295 295 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name CLSA Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity research (Real Estate) Equity Research Analyst Company Name CIMB Dates Employed 2013 – 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity research (Real Estate) Investment Analyst Company Name Phillip Securities Pte Ltd Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education Nanyang Technological University Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Banking & Finance Grade Second Upper Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Victoria Junior College Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 Nanyang Girls' High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 11 endorsements for Equity Research 11 Equity Research Endorsed by Zhi Bin Yeo, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Xuan’s colleagues at CIMB Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Temasek 22,056 followers Nanyang Technological University 150,994 followers CIMB 58,465 followers Google 4,935,147 followers Nanyang Technological University 131,672 followers CLSA 11,776 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sujit has a account Sujit Chakravarthy Equity Research Analyst at Wellington Management Wellington Management Harvard Business School San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director, Equity Research Analyst Company Name Wellington Management Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Research analyst in an unconstrained fund, investing across all market capitalizations and geographies. Equity Research Intern Company Name Wellington Management Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 3 mos Summer intern focused on the ethanol industry. Published sector reports and presented investment recommendations to portfolio managers overseeing several billion dollars in assets. Associate, Principal Strategies (GSPS) Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jul 2003 – Jul 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Research analyst in a $10B hedge fund. Executed fundamental and special situation investing through equity and debt long-short, capital structure arbitrage, and options strategies. Analyst, Mergers & Acquisitions Company Name Lazard Dates Employed Jul 2001 – Jun 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs Analyzed strategic alternatives for clients including mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, and investments. Participated in four transactions with deal values totaling over $6B. Education Harvard Business School Degree Name Masters of Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Selected for Harvard Business Career Advisors program for undergraduates. Elected section Athletic Chair. University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Awarded national engineering honor society membership. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cal Alumni Association | UC Berkeley 56,538 members Wellington Management 24,922 followers Harvard Business School 254,530 followers Harvard Business School 336,932 followers University of California, Berkeley 524,466 followers Harvard Business School Alumni (Official) 28,986 members See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Daniel Ives EVP, Finance and Corp Development Synchronoss Technologies University of Maryland College Park Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Heading financial planning, analysis, strategy, and budgeting as part of the executive management team. Also leading Investor Relations and part of the corporate development leadership team at Synchronoss. After 16 years as a tech analyst on the Street, now on the corporate side for a tech company. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Executive Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development Company Name Synchronoss Technologies Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Bridgewater, NJ Heading financial planning, analysis, strategy, and budgeting as part of the executive management team. Also leading Investor Relations and part of the corporate development leadership team at Synchronoss. After 16 years as a tech analyst on the Street, now on the corporate side for a tech company. Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development Company Name Synchronoss Technologies Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Bridgewater, NJ Managing Director, Senior Research Analyst Company Name FBR Dates Employed Feb 2000 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 16 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Financial Analyst Company Name HBO Dates Employed May 1996 – Aug 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Education University of Maryland College Park Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Penn State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Alpha Epsilon Pi Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modeling 6 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Marc Lewis and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at FBR Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 6 endorsements for Equity Research 6 Equity Research Endorsed by Marc Lewis, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at FBR Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 5 endorsements for Valuation 5 Valuation Endorsed by JP Gravitt, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at FBR Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Synchronoss Technologies 14,700 followers University of Maryland College Park 292,953 followers Microsoft 3,760,020 followers Proofpoint 16,222 followers John ChambersJohn Chambers is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman 157,008 followers Penn State University 460,485 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nawar has a account Nawar Cristini Equity Research Analyst at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan Télécom SudParis London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity Research Analyst covering European Telecoms. Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Equity Research Analyst Company Name Nomura Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Equity Research Analyst covering European Telecoms. Team manager - Audit Company Name PwC UK Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom - Financial audits of various Telcos: BT, Hutch 3G UK, MBNL "Network JV between EE and Three".- Regulatory reviews mandated by Ofcom: Review of BT's cost model. Senior Auditor Company Name PwC France Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Paris Area, France - Financial and regulatory audits of various TMT companies: Orange, Iliad, Capgemini, The Walt Disney Company, Colt, Digicel...- Regulatory reviews mandated by the ARCEP (French Telco regulator): including MTR cost reviews and regulatory reviews of Orange's fixed wholesale cost model. Education Télécom SudParis Degree Name MSc. in Engineering Field Of Study Telecoms Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Preparatory classes for entrance to “Grandes Ecoles” (Maths Sup / Maths Spé) Field Of Study Intensive Maths, Physics and Chemistry class Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Telecommunications See 18 endorsements for Telecommunications 18 Telecommunications Endorsed by 2 of Nawar’s colleagues at Nomura Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 7 endorsements for Auditing 7 Auditing Endorsed by Bernard Gainnier, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modeling 6 Financial Modeling Arnaud Lellouche and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Amit Singh Chief Executive Officer at M3 India March 16, 2012, Amit worked with Nawar in the same group I was pleased to work with Amit at the Nomura’s European Telecoms Equity Research team. Amit has strong skills in financial modelling and in-depth understanding of fundamental and relative valuation. He also has very solid understanding of the telecom sector specificities including regulation and telecoms networks. Amit is hard working and a reliable colleague- he was always cheerful and willing to help, his dedication to his work set a great example for the team, and his encouragement and mentoring of his younger colleagues was very appreciated. Amit would be a valuable addition to any company he chooses to join, and I have no hesitation in recommending him highly. Accomplishments Interests AXA Investment Managers 35,743 followers Télécom SudParis 3,568 followers J.P. Morgan 833,576 followers Télécom SudParis 3,945 followers Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members Nomura 84,997 followers See all See all following
More Actions Muir has a account Muir Christopher Equity Analyst at CFRA Research CFRA Research University of Vermont Summit, New Jersey 304 304 connections Send InMail Financial analyst with over 20 years on Wall Street focusing on valuation, modeling, and industry analysis. Experience includes equity and fixed income analysis of utilities, consumer products and regional banking companies. Expertise in Excel and proficiency in VBA for Excel ensures efficient data manipulation and accurate output. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name CFRA Research Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location New York, NY Equity analyst covering 85 domestic utility and chemical companies. Member of portfolio selection committee. Assist department head with technology issues and run special projects using Excel and VBA for Excel. Senior Industry Analyst Company Name S&P Global Market Intelligence Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location New York City Equity analyst covering 78 domestic utility and chemical companies. Member of portfolio selection committee. Senior Industry Analyst Company Name S&P Capital IQ Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Equity analyst covering 28 domestic utilities; assistant to the group head; member portfolio selection committee; equity ETF report development team member; fixed income ETF report development team member; and responsible for completing many one-off and continuing projects for the department head. 3rd place in The Wall Street Journal's 2012 Best on the Street in the utilities category. Industry Analyst Company Name Standard & Poor's Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Equity analyst covering utilities from October 2006 and regional banks prior to October 2006. Analyst Company Name ABN AMRO Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Feb 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Fixed Income Analyst covering investment grade consumer products. See more positions Education University of Vermont Degree Name Bachelor of Science, cum laude Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1996 Dual concentrations in accounting and finance.Received Malcolm F. Severance Award for excellence in the field of Finance. Volunteer Experience Cub Master and Den Leader Company Name Cub Scouts Pack 99 Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 10 mos Cause Children Cub Master for Pack 99 at Our Lady of Peace Church in New Providence, NJ. Also Den Leader that started with Tigers Den in 2012 and has progressed through the requirements toward achieving the Arrow of Light award that will be awarded in March 2017. Coordinate and run special events for Pack 99, including organizing and running the fall camping trip and the spring Pinewood Derby events. Assistant Parent Coach Company Name Summit Soccer Club Dates volunteered Aug 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 11 mos Cause Children Help head parent coach to organize required team paperwork for submission to club and league. Assist professional coach at team practices and games. Coach games when other coaches are not available. Ensure compliance with concussion management. Assistant Coach Company Name Summit Recreational Soccer Dates volunteered Sep 2015 – Jun 2016 Volunteer duration 10 mos Cause Children Assist coaching soccer practices and games. Coach games when other parent was nto available. See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 19 endorsements for Equities 19 Equities Endorsed by Phillip Seligman, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Muir’s colleagues at S&P Global Market Intelligence Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 10 endorsements for Equity Research 10 Equity Research Endorsed by 5 of Muir’s colleagues at S&P Global Market Intelligence Endorsed by 6 people who know Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 10 endorsements for Capital Markets 10 Capital Markets Endorsed by Phillip Seligman, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Muir’s colleagues at S&P Global Market Intelligence Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Muir has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Best on the Street 2012 3rd place Muir has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests University of Vermont 74,442 followers Private Equity, M&A, and Venture Capital Investments 323,291 members Financial Analyst Jobs Group 30,903 members University of Vermont 76,655 followers S&P Global Market Intelligence 62,820 followers Equity Research Analyst Career Opportunities 2,813 members See all See all following
More Actions Molly has a account Molly Frew Equity Research Analyst at MFS Investment Management MFS Investment Management University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Boston Area MBA Candidate Company Name The Wharton School Dates Employed Aug 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Equity Research Analyst Intern Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Boston Area Assistant Vice President Company Name Barclays Capital Dates Employed Sep 2008 – May 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Analyst Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Vanderbilt University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics and History Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Roland Park Country School Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Vanderbilt University 96,401 followers The Wharton School 185,677 followers Vanderbilt University 103,975 followers The Wharton School 158,697 followers MFS Investment Management 27,840 followers Adam GrantAdam Grant is a LinkedIn Influencer Author: GIVE AND TAKE, ORIGINALS, OPTION B; Wharton professor; NYT writer 1,428,602 followers
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Steele Equity Research Analyst at First NZ Capital First NZ Capital Victoria University of Wellington Auckland, New Zealand 378 378 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President Equity Research Company Name First NZ Capital Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Auckland, New Zealand Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Auckland, New Zealand NZ institutional equities was closed early 2016. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Berenberg Bank Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location London, United Kingdom Equity Research Analyst - Food Retail Global Investment Research - Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Equities analyst covering pan European listed real estate companies. Executive Company Name Grant Thornton UK LLP Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom Responsible for assisting with tax due diligence and tax structuring primarily in the private equity sector. See more positions Education Victoria University of Wellington Degree Name Bachelor of Law (LLB) Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Victoria University of Wellington Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce & Administration Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Scots College Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 8 endorsements for Equities 8 Equities Endorsed by 3 of Andrew’s colleagues at Berenberg Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Ravi Tanna and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 5 endorsements for Valuation 5 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Andrew’s colleagues at Berenberg Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Harvard Business Review 4,252,413 followers Forsyth Barr - Investment Advice 1,782 followers Hays Careers Forum - Moving to Australia 2,770 members Scots College Old Boys Association (NZ) Network 291 members Salt Funds Management Limited 138 followers Och-Ziff Capital Management 15,599 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jessica has a account Jessica Alderson Equity Research Associate at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley University of Bath London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Oil Services Equity Research Associate Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Equity Research Summer Intern Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom Worked with both the oil and gas team and the food consumer team. Presented two stock pitches to the equity research department and completed an individual project on a specific company. Equity Research Easter Intern Company Name Berenberg Bank Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Worked with the highly-respected Berenberg equity research healthcare team. Student Research Chemist Company Name Infineum Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Oxford, United Kingdom Worked both on a team project and my own individual project, which included managing a budget.Regularly communicated results via reports and oral presentations. Promotions Representative Company Name Kreate Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Oxford, United Kingdom Represented high-profile clients such as Nintendo Wii, Panasonic, Lindt, Coca-Cola, Fusion gyms and Highland Park whisky. See more positions Education University of Bath Degree Name Master in Chemistry Field Of Study Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Grade: First-Class Honours.Completed a computational chemistry research project with Dr Aron Walsh that identified a small number of metal oxide compounds that could potentially be used as commercially viable materials in solar cells. Truro School Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2008 A levels 2008: Biology A, Chemistry A, Geology A. AS level 2007: Economics A. Featured Skills & Endorsements Economics See 23 endorsements for Economics 23 Economics Endorsed by 3 of Jessica’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 19 endorsements for Research 19 Research Endorsed by 2 of Jessica’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 19 endorsements for Financial Modeling 19 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Geoff Robinson CA FCA MCSI and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jessica’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jessica has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Bath Finance Network 310 members University of Bath 75,301 followers Morgan Stanley Network 24,213 members Shell 2,091,323 followers The Complete Analyst (Investment Banking,Research and Private Equity) 4,116 members Global Cool Foundation 73 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sujit has a account Sujit Chakravarthy Equity Research Analyst at Wellington Management Wellington Management Harvard Business School San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director, Equity Research Analyst Company Name Wellington Management Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Research analyst in an unconstrained fund, investing across all market capitalizations and geographies. Equity Research Intern Company Name Wellington Management Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 3 mos Summer intern focused on the ethanol industry. Published sector reports and presented investment recommendations to portfolio managers overseeing several billion dollars in assets. Associate, Principal Strategies (GSPS) Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jul 2003 – Jul 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Research analyst in a $10B hedge fund. Executed fundamental and special situation investing through equity and debt long-short, capital structure arbitrage, and options strategies. Analyst, Mergers & Acquisitions Company Name Lazard Dates Employed Jul 2001 – Jun 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs Analyzed strategic alternatives for clients including mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, and investments. Participated in four transactions with deal values totaling over $6B. Education Harvard Business School Degree Name Masters of Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Selected for Harvard Business Career Advisors program for undergraduates. Elected section Athletic Chair. University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Awarded national engineering honor society membership. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of California, Berkeley 499,165 followers University of California, Berkeley 524,465 followers Wellington Management 24,922 followers Harvard Business School Alumni (Official) 28,986 members Cal Alumni Association | UC Berkeley 56,538 members Harvard Business School 336,932 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Binetti Equity Research Analyst at UBS UBS Investment Bank NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Analyst Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 4 mos Equity Analyst: Retail Group Consultant Company Name Arthur Andersen Dates Employed 1998 – 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs Auditor Company Name PriceWaterhousecoopers Dates Employed 1997 – 1998 Employment Duration 1 yr Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Indiana University Bloomington Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Delta Sigma Pi Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests NYU Stern School of Business 100,904 followers UBS 456,537 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,950 followers Andersen Alumni Association 21,675 members Indiana University Bloomington 264,284 followers Indiana University Bloomington 281,944 followers
More Actions Shaun has a account Shaun Rodriguez Senior Research Analyst at Casdin Capital, LLC Casdin Capital, LLC Harvard University Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Research Analyst Company Name Casdin Capital, LLC Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Boston Area Equity Research Analyst Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed 2011 – 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater Boston Area Life Science Tools and Diagnostics Equity Research Innovation Fund / Business Development Associate Company Name Partners HealthCare Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Boston Area Early stage (pre-venture and venture stage) investments across healthcare including biotechnology, diagnostics, medical devices and HCIT. Strategic alliance business development focused on diagnostics and HCIT. Equity Research Associate Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Boston Area Research & Development Company Name Charm Sciences Dates Employed 2001 – 2001 Employment Duration less than a year Education Harvard University Degree Name PhD Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Tufts University Degree Name MS Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 University of Maine Degree Name BS Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 17 endorsements for Financial Modeling 17 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Lucy Guo, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Shaun’s colleagues at Cowen and Company Click and drag to reorder skills Venture Capital See 9 endorsements for Venture Capital 9 Venture Capital Endorsed by Robert Creeden and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 7 endorsements for Valuation 7 Valuation Scott Dresden, MD, FACOG and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Maine 56,517 followers Smpl Bio 43 followers University of Maine 58,490 followers Cowen Inc. 1,270 followers Caris Life Sciences 11,685 followers NGS (Next Generation Sequencing) 35,405 members See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Daniel Ives EVP, Finance and Corp Development Synchronoss Technologies University of Maryland College Park Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Heading financial planning, analysis, strategy, and budgeting as part of the executive management team. Also leading Investor Relations and part of the corporate development leadership team at Synchronoss. After 16 years as a tech analyst on the Street, now on the corporate side for a tech company. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Executive Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development Company Name Synchronoss Technologies Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Bridgewater, NJ Heading financial planning, analysis, strategy, and budgeting as part of the executive management team. Also leading Investor Relations and part of the corporate development leadership team at Synchronoss. After 16 years as a tech analyst on the Street, now on the corporate side for a tech company. Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development Company Name Synchronoss Technologies Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Bridgewater, NJ Managing Director, Senior Research Analyst Company Name FBR Dates Employed Feb 2000 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 16 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Financial Analyst Company Name HBO Dates Employed May 1996 – Aug 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Education University of Maryland College Park Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Penn State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Alpha Epsilon Pi Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modeling 6 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Marc Lewis and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at FBR Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 6 endorsements for Equity Research 6 Equity Research Endorsed by Marc Lewis, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at FBR Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 5 endorsements for Valuation 5 Valuation Endorsed by JP Gravitt, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at FBR Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Symantec 276,428 followers Nuance Communications 49,718 followers Penn State University 445,449 followers John ChambersJohn Chambers is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman 157,008 followers j2 Global 7,228 followers Penn State-Smeal College Of Business 13,445 members See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark May Internet Analyst at Citi Citi The University of Texas at Austin Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail 17 years experience as an equity research analyst covering a variety of consumer Internet sectors and companies. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Mark’s Activity 1,261 followers Food Delivery, Alcohol, Laundry, Restaurants | delivery.com Mark commented See all activity Experience Internet Analyst Company Name Citi Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Internet Analyst Company Name Barclays Capital Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area I am a Director and senior analyst in the firm's U.S. Equity Research department. My coverage of the Internet sector is focused on select large and mid-cap e-commerce, online media & ad services, and video game companies. Internet Analyst Company Name Needham & Company Dates Employed Mar 2005 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area I co-founded and lead the firm's Internet practice Internet & Media Analyst Company Name Kaufman Bros Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Group head for the Internet practice Internet Associate Company Name JPMorgan Chase Dates Employed Dec 1999 – Dec 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Senior associate in the equity research group, covering Internet, traditional media and cable sectors See more positions Education The University of Texas at Austin Degree Name Bachelor of Administration Field Of Study International Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Little Rock Central High Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1990 CFA Institute Degree Name Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 21 endorsements for Equity Research 21 Equity Research Endorsed by Randy Befumo and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mark’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 14 endorsements for Valuation 14 Valuation Endorsed by Soohwan Kim, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mark’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 10 endorsements for Financial Modeling 10 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Soohwan Kim, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mark’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Duncan Robertson Partner & CFO at Paxion Capital Partners June 25, 2014, Mark worked with Duncan but at different companies Duncan is one of the best CFOs I have worked with during my 15 years working with numerous CFOs of public and private Internet companies. He understands the long term vision of the company, and can guide the short term execution to ensure the business stays on track. Importantly, from my perspective, Duncan always handles himself exceptionally well in his dealings with highly demanding institutional investors. He instills confidence in the company's strategy and provides clarity about the key drivers of the company's long-term growth opportunities. I would highly recommend Duncan as a senior executive either of a well-established company or of an emerging growth business. Nathaniel Brogadir Director, Business Development at Criteo March 9, 2014, Mark managed Nathaniel directly While Nat worked on my team for a relatively short time (~6 months), it was clear from the beginning that he was able to have an immediate impact given his well-established knowledge of the Internet sector and key companies/stocks, his team collaboration, and his strong work ethic. Nat was a valuable member of the team, and his colleagues - including myself - enjoyed working with him. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Neil WeinbergNeil Weinberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Reporter at Bloomberg LP 137,200 followers Tomasz TunguzTomasz Tunguz is a LinkedIn Influencer Venture Capitalist at Redpoint 290,665 followers SpruceMail 1,208 followers John BurnsJohn Burns is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at John Burns Real Estate Consulting and Owner, John Burns Real Estate Consulting 576,247 followers Netflix 449,927 followers Rafat AliRafat Ali is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO & Founder, Skift 229,918 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rod has a account Rod Salmon Equity Research Analyst Barclays Investment Bank Johannesburg Area, South Africa 498 498 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director Equity Research Company Name Barclays Investment Bank Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location johannesburg area, south africa South African consumer and retail analyst Head of General Mechandise Company Name Pick 'n Pay Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Head of General Merchandise and Cellular. Director Company Name Numis Securities Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Location London Specialised in online retail companies and worked with Shutl, Asos, Ocado and the Hut Group amongst others. Involved in investing and advising online retailers and start ups. CEO Company Name Blackridge Pty Ltd Dates Employed 2006 – 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Johannesburg Investment Strategist Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed 2004 – 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa See more positions Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 27 endorsements for Investments 27 Investments Endorsed by Trurman Zuma and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Rod’s colleagues at Pick n Pay Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 25 endorsements for Equities 25 Equities Endorsed by Sven Forssman and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Rod’s colleagues at Pick n Pay Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 25 endorsements for Strategy 25 Strategy Endorsed by Helmut Hoerz, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Rod’s colleagues at Pick n Pay Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Deutsche Bank 567,770 followers Best Buy 234,322 followers ASOS.com 215,280 followers Apple 3,466,260 followers Coles 69,765 followers Investec 56,329 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Domyancic, CFA Sell-side Equity Research Analyst at William Blair William Blair University of Iowa - Graduate College Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Analyst - Equity Research, Consumer Company Name William Blair Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Chicago Associate - Equity Research, Internet Company Name William Blair Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Chicago Financial Analyst - Investment Banking, Industrials Company Name Houlihan Lokey Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Chicago Equity Sales and Trading Intern Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 3 mos Location New York Education University of Iowa - Graduate College Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 University of Iowa - Henry B. Tippie College of Business Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Finance, Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Graduated with Distinction Benet Academy Grade High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ryan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder Interests 13D Research 644 followers Chiron Health 730 followers Digital Marketing 1,152,096 members University of Iowa Tippie College of Business 19,621 followers Managize 23 followers Microstock Photography 987 members See all See all following
More Actions Christopher J. has a account Christopher J. Lee Vice President - Portfolio Manager/Research Analyst at Franklin Templeton Investments Franklin Templeton Investments Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons San Mateo, California 276 276 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President - Portfolio Manager/Research Analyst Company Name Franklin Templeton Investments Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Mateo, CA Equity Research Specialist Company Name Capital World Investors - division of Capital Group Dates Employed 2013 – 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Los Angeles, CA Equity Research Analyst Company Name Surveyor Capital - division of Citadel Investment Group Dates Employed 2011 – 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY Equity Research Analyst Company Name Sigma Capital Management - division of SAC Capital Advisors Dates Employed 2009 – 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY Equity Research Analyst Company Name Davidson Kempner Capital Management Dates Employed 2008 – 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY See more positions Education Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons Degree Name MD Yale University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Molecular biophysics & biochemistry Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Yale University 159,151 followers Capital Group | American Funds 58,031 followers Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons 8,168 followers Yale University Careers 154,364 followers Franklin Templeton Investments 96,845 followers Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons 8,474 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Byrne VP, Equity Research Analyst at Merrill Lynch Merrill Lynch Greater New York City Area 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience VP, Equity Research Analyst Company Name Merrill Lynch Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Merrill Lynch 396,678 followers
More Actions David has a account David Driscoll Managing Director, Sr. Analyst US Food, Citi Research Citi University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Greater New York City Area 298 298 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Citi Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area MD & Sr. US Equity Research Analyst covering the U.S. Food Manufacturing sector. Vice President Company Name Citi Dates Employed Aug 1999 – Jan 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area VP Equity Research Analyst, Agricultural Chemicals Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 North Carolina State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 7 endorsements for Equity Research 7 Equity Research Endorsed by Andy Smith, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management See 6 endorsements for Asset Management 6 Asset Management Ashish S. Kochar and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Ashish S. Kochar, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Interests University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 205,283 followers Citi 1,270,322 followers University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 215,310 followers
More Actions Mark has a account Mark May Internet Analyst at Citi Citi The University of Texas at Austin Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail 17 years experience as an equity research analyst covering a variety of consumer Internet sectors and companies. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Mark’s Activity 1,261 followers Food Delivery, Alcohol, Laundry, Restaurants | delivery.com Mark commented See all activity Experience Internet Analyst Company Name Citi Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Internet Analyst Company Name Barclays Capital Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area I am a Director and senior analyst in the firm's U.S. Equity Research department. My coverage of the Internet sector is focused on select large and mid-cap e-commerce, online media & ad services, and video game companies. Internet Analyst Company Name Needham & Company Dates Employed Mar 2005 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area I co-founded and lead the firm's Internet practice Internet & Media Analyst Company Name Kaufman Bros Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Group head for the Internet practice Internet Associate Company Name JPMorgan Chase Dates Employed Dec 1999 – Dec 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Senior associate in the equity research group, covering Internet, traditional media and cable sectors See more positions Education The University of Texas at Austin Degree Name Bachelor of Administration Field Of Study International Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Little Rock Central High Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1990 CFA Institute Degree Name Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 21 endorsements for Equity Research 21 Equity Research Endorsed by Randy Befumo and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mark’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 14 endorsements for Valuation 14 Valuation Endorsed by Soohwan Kim, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mark’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 10 endorsements for Financial Modeling 10 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Soohwan Kim, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mark’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Duncan Robertson Partner & CFO at Paxion Capital Partners June 25, 2014, Mark worked with Duncan but at different companies Duncan is one of the best CFOs I have worked with during my 15 years working with numerous CFOs of public and private Internet companies. He understands the long term vision of the company, and can guide the short term execution to ensure the business stays on track. Importantly, from my perspective, Duncan always handles himself exceptionally well in his dealings with highly demanding institutional investors. He instills confidence in the company's strategy and provides clarity about the key drivers of the company's long-term growth opportunities. I would highly recommend Duncan as a senior executive either of a well-established company or of an emerging growth business. Nathaniel Brogadir Director, Business Development at Criteo March 9, 2014, Mark managed Nathaniel directly While Nat worked on my team for a relatively short time (~6 months), it was clear from the beginning that he was able to have an immediate impact given his well-established knowledge of the Internet sector and key companies/stocks, his team collaboration, and his strong work ethic. Nat was a valuable member of the team, and his colleagues - including myself - enjoyed working with him. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Texas Exes - The University of Texas Ex-Students' Association 61,765 members Portfolio Managers, Research, Capital Markets & Consulting Professionals 23,867 members T. Boone PickensT. Boone Pickens is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chairman and CEO at BP Capital and TBP Investments Management 1,738,347 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,715 followers Michael LazerowMichael Lazerow is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur w/ $2B+ exits. Investor. Painter. Writer. 140,383 followers Braintree 20,378 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christopher J. has a account Christopher J. Lee Vice President - Portfolio Manager/Research Analyst at Franklin Templeton Investments Franklin Templeton Investments Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons San Mateo, California 276 276 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President - Portfolio Manager/Research Analyst Company Name Franklin Templeton Investments Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Mateo, CA Equity Research Specialist Company Name Capital World Investors - division of Capital Group Dates Employed 2013 – 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Los Angeles, CA Equity Research Analyst Company Name Surveyor Capital - division of Citadel Investment Group Dates Employed 2011 – 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY Equity Research Analyst Company Name Sigma Capital Management - division of SAC Capital Advisors Dates Employed 2009 – 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY Equity Research Analyst Company Name Davidson Kempner Capital Management Dates Employed 2008 – 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY See more positions Education Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons Degree Name MD Yale University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Molecular biophysics & biochemistry Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons 8,474 followers Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons 8,168 followers Capital Group | American Funds 58,031 followers Yale University 159,151 followers Franklin Templeton Investments 96,845 followers Yale University Careers 154,364 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Domyancic, CFA Sell-side Equity Research Analyst at William Blair William Blair University of Iowa - Graduate College Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Analyst - Equity Research, Consumer Company Name William Blair Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Chicago Associate - Equity Research, Internet Company Name William Blair Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Chicago Financial Analyst - Investment Banking, Industrials Company Name Houlihan Lokey Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Chicago Equity Sales and Trading Intern Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 3 mos Location New York Education University of Iowa - Graduate College Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 University of Iowa - Henry B. Tippie College of Business Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Finance, Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Graduated with Distinction Benet Academy Grade High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ryan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder Interests Managize 23 followers University of Iowa Tippie College of Business 19,621 followers Global Royalty Free Stock Photos 570 members University of Iowa 152,350 followers Chiron Health 730 followers University of Iowa Tippie College of Business 20,809 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Byrne VP, Equity Research Analyst at Merrill Lynch Merrill Lynch Greater New York City Area 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience VP, Equity Research Analyst Company Name Merrill Lynch Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Merrill Lynch 396,678 followers
More Actions David has a account David Driscoll Managing Director, Sr. Analyst US Food, Citi Research Citi University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Greater New York City Area 298 298 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Citi Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area MD & Sr. US Equity Research Analyst covering the U.S. Food Manufacturing sector. Vice President Company Name Citi Dates Employed Aug 1999 – Jan 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area VP Equity Research Analyst, Agricultural Chemicals Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 North Carolina State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 7 endorsements for Equity Research 7 Equity Research Endorsed by Andy Smith, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management See 6 endorsements for Asset Management 6 Asset Management Ashish S. Kochar and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Ashish S. Kochar, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Interests University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 215,310 followers Citi 1,270,323 followers University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 205,283 followers
More Actions Donald has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Donald Zhang Equity Research Analyst at MFS Investment Management MFS Investment Management University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Donald’s Activity 985 followers How Cold Brew Changed the Coffee Business Donald liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Boston, MA Equity Research Analyst Intern Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Boston, MA Private Equity Associate Company Name HarbourVest Partners Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Boston, MA Investment Banking Analyst Company Name Lazard Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Boston, MA Junior Analyst Company Name Citadel Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration 6 mos Location New York, NY See more positions Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2016 Dartmouth College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 International School Hannover Region Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 Skills Valuation Valuation Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking Investment Banking Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis Financial Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Wharton School 185,679 followers Dartmouth College Alumni 19,854 members Dartmouth College 63,998 followers MFS Investment Management 27,840 followers Wharton Alumni Club of Boston 9,227 members Adam GrantAdam Grant is a LinkedIn Influencer Author: GIVE AND TAKE, ORIGINALS, OPTION B; Wharton professor; NYT writer 1,428,609 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Alex Bossert Founder at Bossert Capital Bossert Capital University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Curtis L. Carlson School of Management University of Minnesota Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I started Bossert Capital in February of 2017 to invest money on behalf of a select group of long-term oriented, business minded, wealthy families and individuals. I invest primarily in equities. I am a value investor with a long-term focus. I invest with an ownership mentality and view a stock as a percentage ownership in a business. I seek investments in industries that I understand and I patiently wait for opportunities to buy businesses at a large discount to my estimate of their intrinsic value. I began investing my own money at 10 years old. Some of the investors I admire are Warren Buffett, Charlie Munger, Benjamin Graham, Joel Greenblatt, Seth Klarman, Mohnish Pabrai, Guy Spier and others. Prior to starting Bossert Capital, I held analyst roles at multiple investment firms. From 2010 – 2013 I was an analyst at Milestone Capital, a value focused investment firm based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. In 2013, I completed an internship at Fidelity Investments where I was one of five interns selected out of a pool of over 2,000 candidates and worked directly with the fund managers at Fidelity. From 2014 – 2017, I was an analyst at Granite House Capital Management. Knowledge compounds just like money can. I welcome any opportunity to connect with thoughtful individuals who are passionate about what they do. In 2014, I was accepted as a member of the Value Investors Club. I am also the youngest ever admitted member of the SumZero buyside network. I was one of 14 buyside analysts in the nation to be named to the 2012 SumZero Buyside Analyst Honors which was published in the Wall Street Journal and CNBC. Over 8,000 analysts were considered. I was also featured in the biography of investor Warren Buffett in “Of Permanent Value: The Story Of Warren Buffett.” I maintain a blog called “Alex Bossert‘s Thoughts On Value Investing” with over 450 subscribers and over 250,000 site views. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Founder Company Name Bossert Capital Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Equity Research Analyst Company Name Granite House Capital Management Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos GHCM is a value oriented hedge fund. Equity Research Associate Intern Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Boston Area Collaborated directly with the 45 mutual fund managers at FMR Co with contributions that directly resulted in multiple significant investment decisions within Fidelity mutual funds. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Milestone Capital Management Dates Employed May 2010 – May 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Wayzata Minnesota Worked alongside the managing partner of an $80 million hedge fund and a $400 million real estate fund contributing investment ideas that resulted in multiple significant investments by the fund. Both funds were started in the mid 1990’s and have very strong market beating track records. Intern Company Name Dardashti Capital Management Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Education University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Curtis L. Carlson School of Management University of Minnesota Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Finance Grade Alum Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Sophomore Class Representative, Upper Class Representative, Investment and Finance Organization, Entrepreneurship Club, Carlson Funds Enterprise London School of Economics and Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Summer Class "Fixed Income Securities, The Debt Markets and The Macro Economy." The class coincided with the London 2012 Olympics. Cathedral High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 108 endorsements for Equity Research 99+ Equity Research Endorsed by Eric Li Cheung and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 80 endorsements for Investments 80 Investments Endorsed by Guy Spier and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 77 endorsements for Equities 77 Equities Endorsed by Guy Spier and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Shai Dardashti Managing Director, MOI Global April 2, 2012, Shai was a client of Alex’s Alex doesn't need any recommendation. His focus, passion, and intelligence speaks for itself. He's, literally, extraordinary -- as any interview would quickly establish. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alex has 6 publications 6 Expand publications section Publications The Warren And Charlie Show Meet One Of The Youngest And Brightest Hedge Fund Analysts That Isn't On Wall Street Carlson School Undergrad Ranks Among Nation's Best Analysts SumZero Honors: 14 Top Buyside Analysts Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett; Chapter 201 Alex Bossert's Thoughts On Value Investing Alex has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Profiled In Forbes 2012 Sumzero Buyside Analyst Honors Eagle Scout Award Member of Value Investors Club and SumZero Interests Workout/Restructuring 12,543 members Brandes Investment Partners 2,605 followers Distressed Debt Investing 13,383 members Black River Asset Management 4,571 followers Help For Children - Prevent and Treat Child Abuse 2,405 members Aquamarine Capital 1,535 members See all See all following
More Actions Steven has a account Steven Margulies Founder and Managing Partner, Golden Mountain Investments Golden Mountain Investments NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Partner Company Name Golden Mountain Investments Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 6 mos Golden Mountain is a privately held investment firm with interests in Asset-based Lending, Real Estate, Private Equity, Venture Capital, Hedge Funds and Fund of Funds. Our investments include:Reflective Energy SolutionsFieldone SoftwareWhyNotLeaseItRetail Maintenance ManagementGolden Mountain Credit FundGolden Mountain Property Fund Chairman and CEO Company Name Reflective Energy Solutions Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 11 mos Reflective is an energy procurement consultant, advising commercial, industrial and municipal organizations in their procurement of electricity and natural gas, as well as other ancillary services. Portfolio Manager Company Name Shopkorn Management Dates Employed Apr 2005 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Co-managed long/short equity fund Portfolio Manager Company Name Valenzuela Capital Dates Employed Aug 2001 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Managed long-only small-cap value fundCo-managed long-only mid-cap value fund Equity Research Analyst and Portfolio Manager Company Name Brean Murray Dates Employed Apr 1992 – Jul 2001 Employment Duration 9 yrs 4 mos Location New York, NY See more positions Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 New York University School of Law Degree Name Doctor of Law (J.D.) Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Economics and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Hedge Funds See 38 endorsements for Hedge Funds 38 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Paul Havens 保罗·黑文斯 Family Office Advisor and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 24 endorsements for Portfolio Management 24 Portfolio Management Joseph Shmidman and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Venture Capital See 22 endorsements for Venture Capital 22 Venture Capital Josh Rochlin and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Steven has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Hebrew Interests Reflective Energy Solutions 90 followers New York University School of Law 67,497 followers Project EZRAH 1,955 members NYU Stern School of Business 100,903 followers NYU Law Alumni 7,921 members New York University School of Law 68,308 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Mahon Analyst at Folger Hill Asset Management LLC Folger Hill Asset Management LLC Georgetown University Greater New York City Area 275 275 connections Send InMail Born: Cleveland, OH High School: Saint Ignatius High School College: Georgetown University, McDonough School of Business Major(s): Finance, Accounting; Psychology Experience: Equity Research (Technology); Investment Banking (TMT); Debt Capital Markets Interests: Sports (basketball, baseball, football, lacrosse, golf), outdoors, fishing, technology See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Analyst Company Name Folger Hill Asset Management LLC Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Investment Analyst - Global Technology Portfolio Equity Research Associate Vice President Company Name Barclays Investment Bank Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Technology (U.S. Semiconductors)[Details in Resume'] -- attached in Summary Debt Capital Markets Analyst Company Name Royal Bank of Scotland Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Stamford, CT [Details in Resume'] -- attached in Summary CFO & Co-Founder Company Name FMB Mulching Dates Employed May 2010 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area - Co-founded a niche landscaping company focused on low cost and same day service- Grew client base by word-of-mouth from just 5 to over 20 loyal accounts in 2 summers- Increased revenue to over $20,000 per year in 3 years (CAGR of 100%) and improved margins from 30% to over 57%- Created, updated, and maintained a financial database to accurately track revenues and expenses in order to effectively and efficiently manage/match the timing of cash outflows with the reception of cash inflows- Handled financial transactions -- from contract negotiations with suppliers to managing accounts receivable of customers -- and firm funding (i.e. short-term borrowing for capital expenditures and inventory) Investment Banking Analyst Company Name Royal Bank of Scotland Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Stamford, CT [Details in Resume'] -- attached in Summary See more positions Education Georgetown University Degree Name Bachelor of Science, Business Administration Field Of Study Accounting and Finance (Majors) Psychology (Minor) Grade 3.85 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: - Minor: Psychology; - Member of Beta Gamma Sigma – The International Honor Society of Business Programs (AACSB International); - Georgetown Club Basketball (Captain); - The National Society of Collegiate Scholars; - The Financial Management Association of Georgetown Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Grade 3.85 GPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Beta Gamma Sigma; Georgetown Club Basketball; Georgetown Madness; Accounting Department at Georgetown University; The National Society of Collegiate Scholars; The Financial Management Association of Georgetown Saint Ignatius High School Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study General Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Volunteer Experience Co-President Company Name Georgetown Madness Dates volunteered Aug 2011 – May 2012 Volunteer duration 10 mos Cause Poverty Alleviation Co-President of 2nd annual basketball event created to raisemoney for Hope and a Home, a local DC charity Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 2 endorsements for Investments 2 Investments Endorsed by Eric Li Cheung, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Technology See 1 endorsement for Technology 1 Technology Eric Li Cheung has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Mobile Payments Mobile Payments No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ryan has 7 certifications 7 Expand certifications section Certifications PADI Open Water Scuba Diver General Securities Representative Research Analyst Qualification Research Analyst Qualification CFA Candidate - Level III Limited Representative - Investment Banking Uniform Securities Agent State Law Ryan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Latin Interests Princeton Optronics 307 followers Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business 20,845 followers Georgetown University 153,936 followers Georgetown University 7,732 members Georgetown University Department of Psychology 147 members Georgetown University McDonough School of Business Alumni 7,343 members See all See all following
More Actions Sean has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Sean Stannard-Stockton, CFA President & Chief Investment Officer, focused investment portfolios for individuals, families & charitable organizations Ensemble Capital Management University of California, Davis Burlingame, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Sean is president and chief investment officer of Ensemble Capital Management. He is also the portfolio manager of the Ensemble Fund, a publicly traded mutual fund. Ensemble Capital builds focused investment portfolios to help you preserve your success and enhance your future. Our principled and rigorous investment process offers a history of superior performance for individuals, families, trusts, foundations and nonprofits. We believe that investors are best served by owning a portfolio of companies, both emerging and established, that have significant growth opportunities and competitive advantages that allow them to sustain their profitability while returning capital to shareholders over time. Rather than trying to guess which way the market or certain stocks may move in reaction to short-term news, we look to participate in the profitability of companies that will achieve superior long-term corporate performance. We are business analysts, not stock market pundits. We spend our time learning as much as possible about the industry trends, competitive dynamics and customer demands that give rise to intrinsically valuable companies. Sean is the author, along with a number of Ensemble Capital colleagues, of the Intrinsic Investing blog. While our main efforts are concentrated on investment research and portfolio management, we also have developed special expertise in philanthropic planning. Sean is well known in the philanthropic community for his popular Tactical Philanthropy blog that he authored from 2006 to 2011 as well as his regular columns in the Financial Times and Chronicle of Philanthropy. During his time as a blogger and columnist he was a sought after public speaker and was regularly quoted in such media outlets as The New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Washington Post, and National Public Radio. Before joining Ensemble Capital, he was a member of a private client advisor team working with high net-worth individuals at Scudder Investments. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Sean’s Articles & Activity 1,298 followers Owner-Operators & Shareholder Value Creation Sean Stannard-Stockton, CFA on LinkedIn See 10 more articles Great new article by Arif Karim, CFA on Ferrari vs Tesla and why the much hyped Tesla stock hasn't kept up with Ferrari. https://lnkd.in/g9dbKjC Sean shared this See all activity Experience President & Chief Investment Officer Company Name Ensemble Capital Management Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Burlingame, CA As president and chief investment officer, Sean leads the firm's investment process, sets company strategy and oversees services for foundations, nonprofits and charitable families. Portfolio Manager Company Name Ensemble Fund Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Sean is the portfolio manager of the Ensemble Fund (ENSBX), a publicly traded mutual fund. The Ensemble Fund offers a focused portfolio of durable companies with deep competitive advantages. Director of Investments and Portfolio Manager Company Name Ensemble Capital Management Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Burlingame, CA As director of investments, Sean oversaw the firm's investment research process. As a portfolio manager, he managed client portfolios and provided clients with financial advisory services. Portfolio Manager and Research Analyst Company Name Ensemble Capital Management Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos Location Burlingame, CA As a portfolio manager, Sean managed client portfolios and provided clients with financial advisory services. As research analyst, Sean was an instrumental part of the investment research process.During this time, Sean also oversaw Ensemble Capital's operational activities. Portfolio Assistant Company Name Ensemble Capital Management Dates Employed Jul 2002 – Dec 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Burlingame, CA As a portfolio assistant, Sean supported the firm's portfolio manager, assisted in investment research and administered day to day operational activities. See more positions Education University of California, Davis Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Chartered Financial Analyst Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 Chartered Advisor in Philanthropy Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 Skills Investment Management Investment Management Click and drag to reorder skills Philanthropy Philanthropy Click and drag to reorder skills Fixed Income Fixed Income Click and drag to reorder skills High Net Worth Individuals High Net Worth Individuals Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Christopher T. Fennell (Excel & Access, LLC) Professional Microsoft Excel & Access Consulting, Programming & Training Services for Business, Government & Education. January 7, 2014, Sean was a client of Christopher T.’s We hired Chris to build a custom Excel based financial program. His team quickly built an easy to utilize, macro driven spreadsheet that eliminated a time consuming manual process for us. I would definitely recommend Chris and his team for anyone looking for expert Excel programing at a good value and with quick turn around. Christine Egger Reiki practitioner and intuitive healer December 7, 2011, Sean worked with Christine but at different companies Christine is one of those rare people who is smart and driven to achieve great results, but always friendly and ready with a smile. She's a pleasure to work with and a really nice person. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Sean has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Top 11 Best Financial Advisors in San Francisco Financial Times Top Registered Investment Advisers Interests CFA Institute Members 69,517 members University of California, Davis 211,491 followers David EdelmanDavid Edelman is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Marketing Officer at Aetna 1,100,093 followers Ensemble Capital Management 169 followers LinkedIn for Good 10,568 followers Katya AndresenKatya Andresen is a LinkedIn Influencer SVP Card Customer Experience at Capital One 1,317,012 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew Brooklier Senior Equity Research Analyst - Transportation at Buckingham Research The Buckingham Research Group Fairfield, Connecticut Fairfield University, Charles E. Dolan School of Business Greater New York City Area 392 392 connections Send InMail Transportation/Industrials Equity Research Analyst Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst - Transportation and Logistics Company Name The Buckingham Research Group Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location New York, New York Senior Equity Research Analyst - Transportation and Logistics Company Name Longbow Research Dates Employed May 2012 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location New York Senior Equity Research Analyst - Transportation and Logistics Company Name Piper Jaffray Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Vice President Company Name GE Commercial Finance Dates Employed Aug 2006 – May 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Vice President ­ Equity Research ­ Airfreight & Logistics Company Name Bear, Stearns & Company Inc Dates Employed Sep 2001 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs Education Fairfield, Connecticut Fairfield University, Charles E. Dolan School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 Murdoch University Field Of Study International Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Logistics See 8 endorsements for Logistics 8 Logistics Charles M. Padala and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Piper Jaffray 17,883 followers Bear Stearns Network 6,386 members The Buckingham Research Group 607 followers Murdoch University 48,056 followers Longbow Research 757 followers Murdoch University 51,478 followers
More Actions Tom has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Tom Ernst Strategy Advisor Tom Ernst Advisory The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Saint Paul, Minnesota 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Strategic advisor focused on software, cloud computing and e-commerce. I founded Tom Ernst Advisory in 2015 to bring intensely focused software advisory to our clients My career started as a Nuclear Engineer and Submarine Officer in the US Navy, followed by 17 years in finance with the deepest experience in the software industry, both research and investment banking including equity and debt financing, mergers and acquisitions, strategy and operations. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CEO Company Name Tom Ernst Advisory Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Management strategy consulting focused on the software industry Strategic Advisory Board Member Company Name Fan Health Network Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo The Fan Health Network (FHN) is a first-of-its-kind mobile platform that leverages the passion that fans have for a sport, a team, or sports personalities to inspire them to improve or maintain their own health and wellness – at all ages Chairman and Co-Founder Company Name E-Commerce Start-Up Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Exciting E-Commerce Start-Up Operating in Stealth Mode Managing Director Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area Global Co-Head of Software Investment Banking Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Apr 2004 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 9 yrs 4 mos Cloud Computing and Software See more positions Education The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Management Strategy and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Weekend Program High distinction, graduated first in class University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Degree Name BS Field Of Study Mathematics, (minor in Japanese) Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1990 Activities and Societies: Institute of Technology Honors Program Tau Beta Pi Received the first Summa Cum Laude Bachelor of Mathematics Degree in the history of the school Kennedy Senior High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements SaaS See 71 endorsements for SaaS 71 SaaS Scott Broomfield and 70 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 53 endorsements for Equities 53 Equities Endorsed by John Mihaljevic and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Tom’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 46 endorsements for Investment Banking 46 Investment Banking Endorsed by Kiran Choudary and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Tom’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (10) Ryan Limaye Partner, Managing Director, Goldman, Sachs & Co. July 9, 2015, Ryan managed Tom directly Tom is an expert on the software landscape and related financial analysis. Rick Condon Partner, Inside Consulting Group April 7, 2008, Tom worked with Rick in the same group I have always admired and respected Tom. Tom was among the finest officers I had the privilege of serving with while in the Navy. He is highly intelligent, honest and remains dedicated to his profession and family. He is among my closest friends and is a trusted colleague. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Vicki Ferrando Real Estate Agent | SF Bay Area Expert | Top 5% | Helping my clients achieve their real estate goals August 6, 2015, Tom was a client of Vicki’s My wife and I were fortunate to have had Vicki on our side for first the purchase of our Redwood City home two years ago and then the sale recently. Vicki knows her market cold, was deeply engaged in driving the right outcome for us, provided insightful advice and employed a fantastic support network of partners to make what could have been a stressful process not only comfortable, but fun. Thank you, Vicki! Jeremy Tjaden Quantitative Risk Analyst - Columbia Threadneedle February 8, 2014, Tom worked with Jeremy but at different companies Jeremy has a clear passion for finance that will carry him far. In the years I have known him, it has become clear to me he has a rare combination of high integrity, determination, and intellect. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Tom has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Japanese Interests Brad SmithBrad Smith is a LinkedIn Influencer President & Chief Executive Officer, Intuit 455,152 followers Salesforce Evolution 89,510 members Sarah TavelSarah Tavel is a LinkedIn Influencer General Partner at Benchmark 25,490 followers Michael SkokMichael Skok is a LinkedIn Influencer Founding Partner at Underscore VC, EIR at Harvard Business School 129,432 followers Reid HoffmanReid Hoffman is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur. Product Strategist. Investor. 1,435,821 followers Byron DeeterByron Deeter is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner, Bessemer Venture Partners 111,925 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Chris Smith, CFA Analyst GLG Partners/Man Group University of Nottingham - Nottingham University Business School London, United Kingdom 398 398 connections InMail Highlights Experience Fixed Income Analyst Company Name GLG Partners/Man Group Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Location London, United Kingdom • Working on a range of hedge, long-only and UCITS funds• Experience of US, European and Asian markets but focus is on European and North American high yield and convertible debt markets• Sector/industry generalist with knowledge of a wide range of sectors including Financials, Industrials, Oil & Gas, Pharmaceuticals, Metals & Mining, Telecoms and Transportation• Responsibilities include...• Modelling new and existing debt issues• Attending deal/non-deal meetings and reporting back to fund managers/senior analysts• RV analysis both within and across different asset classes• Building/maintaining Excel models for analysing possible takeover scenarios• Writing company specific reports and presenting them to fund managers/senior analysts• Liaising with legal department on debt documentation issues• Ensuring integrity of static data and Greeks on convertible bonds• Using models to identify candidates for potential derivative trades• Collating large amounts of information from different sources to build forecasting models• Helping to roll large portfolios of CDS positions on a quarterly basis Trader Support/Execution Trader Company Name GLG Partners Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location London • Worked for several funds, covering a wide range of investment styles and strategies (Market Neutral, Equity Long-Short, Convertible Arbitrage, EM, Macro and Credit)• Gained exposure to the whole spectrum of investment products from simple equity options to complex asset-backed securities• Helped implement a system for STP’ing of FX and FX option trades to improve efficiency• Worked closely with IT department on designing and creating new booking tickets for FX options, volatility swaps, interest rate swaps and swaptions• Responsibilities included...o Acting as primary execution trader for a multi-billion dollar Japanese equity long/short fundo Setting up new securities in internal systemso Trade captureo Monitoring positions from both a risk and p&l perspectiveo Assisting with on-boarding of new trading counterpartieso Dealing with queries from back-office teamso Maintaining up-to-date matrix of valid counterparties by fund Education University of Nottingham - Nottingham University Business School Degree Name MA Risk Management (First Class Honours) Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 University of Nottingham Degree Name BSc Maths and Economics (2.1) Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Richard Hale Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Trading See 15 endorsements for Trading 15 Trading Endorsed by 6 of Chris’ colleagues at Man GLG Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 14 endorsements for Equities 14 Equities Endorsed by Tal Sandhu, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Chris’ colleagues at Man GLG Click and drag to reorder skills Fixed Income See 13 endorsements for Fixed Income 13 Fixed Income Endorsed by 6 of Chris’ colleagues at Man GLG Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chris has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Institute CE Program 5 Year Milestone Chris has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Interests Biogen 128,764 followers Nottingham University Business School 13,108 followers Credit analyst Club Worldwide 67,814 members University of Nottingham 155,371 followers Financial Analyst Club Worldwide 168,701 members University of Nottingham Alumni 23,034 members See all See all following
More Actions Nancy has a account Nancy Aversa, CFA Research Analyst at William Blair & Company William Blair & Company University of Windsor Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Senior finance professional with 19 years of corporate finance and investment research experience focused on retail and consumer-related companies. Leader and team player with a proven track record of providing effective investment strategies that create long-tem value and generate positive performance. Expertise includes investment banking, long-only, short-only and long/short equity research. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Research Analyst Company Name William Blair & Company Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Research Analyst responsible for generating investment recommendations for domestic mid-cap and large-cap growth portfolios.Coverage: Consumer Discretionary and Consumer Staples Vice President, Prudent Bear Fund Company Name Federated Investors Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Pittsburgh Area Senior Investment Analyst responsible for generating short-selling recommendations as well as strategic long ideas for an alternative-style portfolio.Coverage: Consumer Discretionary and Consumer Staples Associate Vice President, Core-Growth Team Company Name Federated Investors, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location Greater Pittsburgh Area Senior Investment Analyst responsible for generating long-only investment recommendations for mid-cap growth and large-cap core portfolios.Coverage: Consumer Discretionary and Consumer Staples Assistant Vice President, Equity Research Team Company Name Federated Investors, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Jul 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater Pittsburgh Area Senior Investment Analyst responsible for generating long-only investment recommendations for 6 different portfolio management teams; investment styles included large-cap growth, large-cap core, large-cap value, mid-cap growth, and strategic value.Coverage: Retail and Wholesale Apparel Director, Equity Research Company Name Victory Capital Management (VCM) Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2001 – Nov 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area Research Analyst responsible for generating long-only investment recommendations for value-oriented portfolios.Coverage: Consumer Discretionary See more positions Education University of Windsor Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1992 Moscow Institute of Foreign Relations (MIGIMO)/University of Manchester Field Of Study Joint International Business Program Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1991 University of Windsor Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Skills Investments Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Strategies Investment Strategies Click and drag to reorder skills Mutual Funds Mutual Funds Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Federated Investors 5,510 followers CFA Institute Women in Investment Management Network 4,503 members CAGE | Consumer Analyst Group of Europe 1,394 members William Blair 12,021 followers University of Windsor 66,082 followers University of Windsor 68,180 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steven has a account Steven Margulies Founder and Managing Partner, Golden Mountain Investments Golden Mountain Investments NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Partner Company Name Golden Mountain Investments Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 6 mos Golden Mountain is a privately held investment firm with interests in Asset-based Lending, Real Estate, Private Equity, Venture Capital, Hedge Funds and Fund of Funds. Our investments include:Reflective Energy SolutionsFieldone SoftwareWhyNotLeaseItRetail Maintenance ManagementGolden Mountain Credit FundGolden Mountain Property Fund Chairman and CEO Company Name Reflective Energy Solutions Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 11 mos Reflective is an energy procurement consultant, advising commercial, industrial and municipal organizations in their procurement of electricity and natural gas, as well as other ancillary services. Portfolio Manager Company Name Shopkorn Management Dates Employed Apr 2005 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Co-managed long/short equity fund Portfolio Manager Company Name Valenzuela Capital Dates Employed Aug 2001 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Managed long-only small-cap value fundCo-managed long-only mid-cap value fund Equity Research Analyst and Portfolio Manager Company Name Brean Murray Dates Employed Apr 1992 – Jul 2001 Employment Duration 9 yrs 4 mos Location New York, NY See more positions Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 New York University School of Law Degree Name Doctor of Law (J.D.) Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Economics and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Hedge Funds See 38 endorsements for Hedge Funds 38 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Paul Havens 保罗·黑文斯 Family Office Advisor and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 24 endorsements for Portfolio Management 24 Portfolio Management Joseph Shmidman and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Venture Capital See 22 endorsements for Venture Capital 22 Venture Capital Josh Rochlin and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Steven has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Hebrew Interests NYU Stern School of Business 89,952 followers Private Equity Investment Group | PrivateEquity.com 184,457 members New York University School of Law 68,308 followers DealFlow Source Network | Private Equity, Venture Capital, M&A Deal Flow 134,019 members The Family Office Club - #1 Largest Family Office Association | Ultra-Wealthy Wealth Management 126,212 members NYU Stern School of Business 100,903 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew Brooklier Senior Equity Research Analyst - Transportation at Buckingham Research The Buckingham Research Group Fairfield, Connecticut Fairfield University, Charles E. Dolan School of Business Greater New York City Area 392 392 connections Send InMail Transportation/Industrials Equity Research Analyst Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst - Transportation and Logistics Company Name The Buckingham Research Group Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location New York, New York Senior Equity Research Analyst - Transportation and Logistics Company Name Longbow Research Dates Employed May 2012 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location New York Senior Equity Research Analyst - Transportation and Logistics Company Name Piper Jaffray Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Vice President Company Name GE Commercial Finance Dates Employed Aug 2006 – May 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Vice President ­ Equity Research ­ Airfreight & Logistics Company Name Bear, Stearns & Company Inc Dates Employed Sep 2001 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs Education Fairfield, Connecticut Fairfield University, Charles E. Dolan School of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 Murdoch University Field Of Study International Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Logistics See 8 endorsements for Logistics 8 Logistics Charles M. Padala and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Bear Stearns Network 6,386 members Piper Jaffray 17,883 followers Murdoch University 51,478 followers The Buckingham Research Group 607 followers Longbow Research 757 followers Murdoch University 48,056 followers
More Actions Chris has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Chris Smith, CFA Analyst GLG Partners/Man Group University of Nottingham - Nottingham University Business School London, United Kingdom 398 398 connections InMail Highlights Experience Fixed Income Analyst Company Name GLG Partners/Man Group Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Location London, United Kingdom • Working on a range of hedge, long-only and UCITS funds• Experience of US, European and Asian markets but focus is on European and North American high yield and convertible debt markets• Sector/industry generalist with knowledge of a wide range of sectors including Financials, Industrials, Oil & Gas, Pharmaceuticals, Metals & Mining, Telecoms and Transportation• Responsibilities include...• Modelling new and existing debt issues• Attending deal/non-deal meetings and reporting back to fund managers/senior analysts• RV analysis both within and across different asset classes• Building/maintaining Excel models for analysing possible takeover scenarios• Writing company specific reports and presenting them to fund managers/senior analysts• Liaising with legal department on debt documentation issues• Ensuring integrity of static data and Greeks on convertible bonds• Using models to identify candidates for potential derivative trades• Collating large amounts of information from different sources to build forecasting models• Helping to roll large portfolios of CDS positions on a quarterly basis Trader Support/Execution Trader Company Name GLG Partners Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location London • Worked for several funds, covering a wide range of investment styles and strategies (Market Neutral, Equity Long-Short, Convertible Arbitrage, EM, Macro and Credit)• Gained exposure to the whole spectrum of investment products from simple equity options to complex asset-backed securities• Helped implement a system for STP’ing of FX and FX option trades to improve efficiency• Worked closely with IT department on designing and creating new booking tickets for FX options, volatility swaps, interest rate swaps and swaptions• Responsibilities included...o Acting as primary execution trader for a multi-billion dollar Japanese equity long/short fundo Setting up new securities in internal systemso Trade captureo Monitoring positions from both a risk and p&l perspectiveo Assisting with on-boarding of new trading counterpartieso Dealing with queries from back-office teamso Maintaining up-to-date matrix of valid counterparties by fund Education University of Nottingham - Nottingham University Business School Degree Name MA Risk Management (First Class Honours) Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 University of Nottingham Degree Name BSc Maths and Economics (2.1) Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Richard Hale Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Trading See 15 endorsements for Trading 15 Trading Endorsed by 6 of Chris’ colleagues at Man GLG Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 14 endorsements for Equities 14 Equities Endorsed by Tal Sandhu, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Chris’ colleagues at Man GLG Click and drag to reorder skills Fixed Income See 13 endorsements for Fixed Income 13 Fixed Income Endorsed by 6 of Chris’ colleagues at Man GLG Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chris has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Institute CE Program 5 Year Milestone Chris has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Interests Insight Recruitment Solutions 8,274 followers Biogen 128,764 followers AstraZeneca 585,043 followers Fluidigm Corporation 8,811 followers Finance Club 1,037,794 members Mondrian Alpha Recruitment Solutions 6,630 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jimmy has a account Jimmy Bhullar Equity Research Analyst at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan Southern Methodist University Greater New York City Area 412 412 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed 2000 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs Education Southern Methodist University Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Danielle Henderson Marketing Coordinator at Guardian Life Insurance January 31, 2009, Jimmy worked with Danielle but at different companies I interacted with Danielle while she worked in the IR department of MetLife. She was always very responsive in replying to information requests and diligent in answering questions. I've had limited contact with her since she let MetLife but have found her to be a pleasant person. Accomplishments Interests J.P. Morgan 833,575 followers Southern Methodist University 93,821 followers Southern Methodist University 97,400 followers
More Actions Jon has a account Jon Brachle Research Analyst at JPMorgan Asset Management J.P. Morgan University of Colorado Boulder Greater New York City Area 417 417 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Executive Director, Equity Research Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Generalist on US small cap equity team at JPMorgan Asset ManagementJPMorgan Small Cap Active Core Equity Strategy (VSEIX, $4bn AUM)Maintain analytical responsibility for >25 stocks in the portfolio and new idea generation - focused on technology, internet, veterinary, consumer leisure and some industrials Education University of Colorado Boulder Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Chartered Financial Analyst Degree Name Completed Coursework in 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 8 endorsements for Financial Modeling 8 Financial Modeling Brachle John and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 8 endorsements for Equities 8 Equities Endorsed by Robert Ruple, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 6 endorsements for Equity Research 6 Equity Research Endorsed by Robert Ruple, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests J.P. Morgan 833,575 followers Spencer RascoffSpencer Rascoff is a LinkedIn Influencer Technology executive (Zillow Group CEO) 351,421 followers University of Colorado Boulder 212,811 followers University of Colorado Boulder 206,231 followers
More Actions Bascome has a account Bascome Majors Equity Research Analyst - Industrials at Susquehanna International Group Susquehanna International Group UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School Atlanta, Georgia 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst - Industrials Company Name Susquehanna International Group Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Atlanta, GA and New York, NY Senior equity research analyst covering freight transportation industry, including railroads, parcel, asset-light logistics, trucking, and rail equipment Equity Research Associate - Industrials Company Name Citi Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location New York, NY Senior equity research associate supporting Matt Troy on all freight transportation stocks Equity Research Associate - Technology Company Name Banc of America Securities Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 9 mos Location New York, NY Equity research associate covering companies in the technology supply chain. Assurance Senior Company Name Ernst & Young Dates Employed Aug 2004 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Majority of experience with SEC registered REITs, as well as other real estate, hospitality, and construction clients Education UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School Degree Name MS Field Of Study Accounting (MAC) Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School Degree Name BS Field Of Study Business Administration (BSBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 The Baylor School Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Bascome has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Interests CFA Institute Members 69,517 members Susquehanna International Group, LLP (SIG) 28,140 followers UNC Alumni 35,635 members UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School 33,416 followers Citi Alumni 84,254 members UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School 26,761 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kelly has a account Kelly Cardwell Owner, Central Square Management LLC Central Square Management LLC Bradley University Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Central Square Management LLC Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 3 mos Central Square Capital LP is a long/short equity hedge fund which places a heavy emphasis on bottom up stock picking which seeks to minimize sector risk and aims to maximize superior stock picking ability through concentration. Mr. Cardwell was named one of Institutional Investor News' 2009 Rising Stars of Hedge Funds. Portfolio Manager Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Mar 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Funds managed: Fidelity Select AutomotiveFidelity Select Software and Computer Services Equity Research Analyst Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Aug 1997 – Jun 2001 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Equity Research Analyst covering a variety of Consumer and Cyclical Sectors Education Bradley University Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Graduated Summa Cum Laude Named Outstanding Finance Graduate '97 President of Investment Club Habitat for Humanity Featured Skills & Endorsements Hedge Funds See 36 endorsements for Hedge Funds 36 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Bob Johnson, CAIA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Kelly’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 26 endorsements for Equity Research 26 Equity Research Endorsed by Charles Trafton and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Kelly’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 23 endorsements for Portfolio Management 23 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Mike Elvin and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Kelly’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Peter Kuper Managing Director at ClearSky Security September 30, 2008, Kelly worked with Peter but at different companies Peter is one of the most informed, diligent analysts that I have ever come across. His attention to detail and knowledge of companies is unsurpassed. Accomplishments Interests Bradley University Finance Students and Alumni 39 members Bradley University 47,608 followers Bradley University 45,253 followers Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members Fidelity Investments Alumni Association (unofficial) 10,618 members
More Actions Adam has a account Adam Gallina Equity Research Analyst at Eagle Asset Management Eagle Asset Management Saint Petersburg, Florida 273 273 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Eagle Asset Management Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 6 endorsements for Equities 6 Equities Endorsed by Donald Powell, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 3 endorsements for Equity Research 3 Equity Research Endorsed by Michael Smith, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 3 endorsements for Hedge Funds 3 Hedge Funds Peter J. Rogers, Jr. and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Eagle Asset Management 2,237 followers
More Actions Tom has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Tom Ernst Strategy Advisor Tom Ernst Advisory The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Saint Paul, Minnesota 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Strategic advisor focused on software, cloud computing and e-commerce. I founded Tom Ernst Advisory in 2015 to bring intensely focused software advisory to our clients My career started as a Nuclear Engineer and Submarine Officer in the US Navy, followed by 17 years in finance with the deepest experience in the software industry, both research and investment banking including equity and debt financing, mergers and acquisitions, strategy and operations. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CEO Company Name Tom Ernst Advisory Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Management strategy consulting focused on the software industry Strategic Advisory Board Member Company Name Fan Health Network Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo The Fan Health Network (FHN) is a first-of-its-kind mobile platform that leverages the passion that fans have for a sport, a team, or sports personalities to inspire them to improve or maintain their own health and wellness – at all ages Chairman and Co-Founder Company Name E-Commerce Start-Up Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Exciting E-Commerce Start-Up Operating in Stealth Mode Managing Director Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area Global Co-Head of Software Investment Banking Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Apr 2004 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 9 yrs 4 mos Cloud Computing and Software See more positions Education The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Management Strategy and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Weekend Program High distinction, graduated first in class University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Degree Name BS Field Of Study Mathematics, (minor in Japanese) Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1990 Activities and Societies: Institute of Technology Honors Program Tau Beta Pi Received the first Summa Cum Laude Bachelor of Mathematics Degree in the history of the school Kennedy Senior High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements SaaS See 71 endorsements for SaaS 71 SaaS Scott Broomfield and 70 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 53 endorsements for Equities 53 Equities Endorsed by John Mihaljevic and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Tom’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 46 endorsements for Investment Banking 46 Investment Banking Endorsed by Kiran Choudary and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Tom’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (10) Ryan Limaye Partner, Managing Director, Goldman, Sachs & Co. July 9, 2015, Ryan managed Tom directly Tom is an expert on the software landscape and related financial analysis. Rick Condon Partner, Inside Consulting Group April 7, 2008, Tom worked with Rick in the same group I have always admired and respected Tom. Tom was among the finest officers I had the privilege of serving with while in the Navy. He is highly intelligent, honest and remains dedicated to his profession and family. He is among my closest friends and is a trusted colleague. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Vicki Ferrando Real Estate Agent | SF Bay Area Expert | Top 5% | Helping my clients achieve their real estate goals August 6, 2015, Tom was a client of Vicki’s My wife and I were fortunate to have had Vicki on our side for first the purchase of our Redwood City home two years ago and then the sale recently. Vicki knows her market cold, was deeply engaged in driving the right outcome for us, provided insightful advice and employed a fantastic support network of partners to make what could have been a stressful process not only comfortable, but fun. Thank you, Vicki! Jeremy Tjaden Quantitative Risk Analyst - Columbia Threadneedle February 8, 2014, Tom worked with Jeremy but at different companies Jeremy has a clear passion for finance that will carry him far. In the years I have known him, it has become clear to me he has a rare combination of high integrity, determination, and intellect. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Tom has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Japanese Interests U.S. Gold Dolphins Association 5,818 members University of Minnesota-Twin Cities 283,435 followers Sarah TavelSarah Tavel is a LinkedIn Influencer General Partner at Benchmark 25,490 followers Software as a Service - SaaS - Group 119,747 members Harvard Business Review 4,252,426 followers University of Minnesota-Twin Cities 288,814 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tim has a account Tim Shannon, CFA Managing Partner at Cedar Investors Cedar Investors Kellogg School of Management Greater Denver Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Tim’s Activity 1,249 followers Shared via ow.ly Tim liked See all activity Experience Managing Partner Company Name Cedar Investors Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater Denver Area Founding Partner Company Name Global Platinum Securities Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs $200K AUM education focused investment club with chapters at Harvard, London School of Economics, University of Pennsylvania, Georgetown, University of Colorado, University of Dayton, New York University, and MIT (www.gps100.com)~50 undergraduates and ~120 in alumni association Resident, Redwoods Leadership Development Program Company Name DaVita Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Denver, CO Redwoods Summer Associate - VillageHealth Company Name DaVita Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Denver Area MBA Intern Company Name Longitude Capital Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Longitude Capital specializes in making venture growth investments in biotechnology and medical technology companies that seek to improve clinical outcomes, enhance quality of life and/or reduce system costs. See more positions Education Kellogg School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Health Enterprise Management & Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Kellogg Business of Healthcare Conference (2013 & 2014), Kellogg Private Equity and Venture Capital Conference (2014 & 2015) Georgetown University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Healthcare Management & Policy Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Current Member of School of Nursing and Health Studies Board of Advisors Featured Skills & Endorsements Hedge Funds See 22 endorsements for Hedge Funds 22 Hedge Funds Endorsed by 10 of Tim’s colleagues at Global Platinum Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 17 endorsements for Equities 17 Equities Endorsed by 8 of Tim’s colleagues at Global Platinum Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 14 endorsements for Investments 14 Investments Endorsed by 7 of Tim’s colleagues at Global Platinum Securities Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Pharmaceutical Industry Discussion Group 11,272 members Johnson Development Associates, Inc. 1,227 followers Georgetown University 153,936 followers Goldman Sachs 809,548 followers Adam GrantAdam Grant is a LinkedIn Influencer Author: GIVE AND TAKE, ORIGINALS, OPTION B; Wharton professor; NYT writer 1,428,618 followers Healthcare Conference: A Student Club Conference at Harvard Business School 642 members See all See all following
More Actions Nancy has a account Nancy Aversa, CFA Research Analyst at William Blair & Company William Blair & Company University of Windsor Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Senior finance professional with 19 years of corporate finance and investment research experience focused on retail and consumer-related companies. Leader and team player with a proven track record of providing effective investment strategies that create long-tem value and generate positive performance. Expertise includes investment banking, long-only, short-only and long/short equity research. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Research Analyst Company Name William Blair & Company Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Research Analyst responsible for generating investment recommendations for domestic mid-cap and large-cap growth portfolios.Coverage: Consumer Discretionary and Consumer Staples Vice President, Prudent Bear Fund Company Name Federated Investors Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Pittsburgh Area Senior Investment Analyst responsible for generating short-selling recommendations as well as strategic long ideas for an alternative-style portfolio.Coverage: Consumer Discretionary and Consumer Staples Associate Vice President, Core-Growth Team Company Name Federated Investors, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location Greater Pittsburgh Area Senior Investment Analyst responsible for generating long-only investment recommendations for mid-cap growth and large-cap core portfolios.Coverage: Consumer Discretionary and Consumer Staples Assistant Vice President, Equity Research Team Company Name Federated Investors, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Jul 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Greater Pittsburgh Area Senior Investment Analyst responsible for generating long-only investment recommendations for 6 different portfolio management teams; investment styles included large-cap growth, large-cap core, large-cap value, mid-cap growth, and strategic value.Coverage: Retail and Wholesale Apparel Director, Equity Research Company Name Victory Capital Management (VCM) Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2001 – Nov 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area Research Analyst responsible for generating long-only investment recommendations for value-oriented portfolios.Coverage: Consumer Discretionary See more positions Education University of Windsor Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1992 Moscow Institute of Foreign Relations (MIGIMO)/University of Manchester Field Of Study Joint International Business Program Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1991 University of Windsor Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Skills Investments Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Strategies Investment Strategies Click and drag to reorder skills Mutual Funds Mutual Funds Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests IBM 3,479,324 followers Federated Investors 5,510 followers William Blair 12,021 followers University of Windsor 66,082 followers CFA Institute Women in Investment Management Network 4,503 members CAGE | Consumer Analyst Group of Europe 1,394 members See all See all following
More Actions Susan has a account Susan Anderson Senior Vice President, Senior Equity Research Analyst at FBR Capital Markets FBR Capital Markets Arlington, Virginia 335 335 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Vice President, Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name FBR Capital Markets Dates Employed May 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 8 endorsements for Financial Modeling 8 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Martha V. Shelton, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 4 endorsements for Valuation 4 Valuation Endorsed by Martha V. Shelton, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 4 endorsements for Equities 4 Equities Susan Basas and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,727 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Equity Research Analysts - A New Beginning - by Spartan Partnership 2,550 members Citi 1,270,325 followers ALLRETAIL retail executive network 111,385 members Global Investment Research 7,042 members See all See all following
More Actions Robert has a account Robert Marley Associate Director, University of Tampa Center for Ethics & Assistant Professor of Accounting University of Tampa - John H. Sykes College of Business University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Tampa, Florida 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail As an educator, I am passionate about helping individuals to understand, interpret, and use financial information. As a researcher, I study how people use information in decision making contexts and I enjoy finding ways to improve judgment and decision making processes. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Associate Director, Center for Ethics Company Name University of Tampa - John H. Sykes College of Business Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Assistant Professor of Accounting Company Name The University of Tampa Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Tampa, Florida UNIVERSITY LINK: http://www.ut.edu/RobertMarley/ACADEMIC PUBLICATIONS:Please see LinkedIn "Publications" section belowUPCOMING CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS:The Effects of Relative Performance Information on Individuals’ Satisfaction With the Work Itself (with L. Kersting). 2015 Management Accounting Section Conference. January, 2015. RECENT CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS:The Effects of Relative Performance Information on Individuals’ Task Satisfaction (with L. Kersting). 2014 AAA Northeast Region Conference. October, 2014.Nonprofessional Investors’ Interpretations of Expanded Analyst Ownership Disclosure (with M. Mellon). Concurrent Research Presentation. American Accounting Association Annual Meeting. August 5, 2014.A Pathway to Strengthening the Knowledge and Identity of the Accounting Discipline (with M. Mellon). Teaching, Learning, and Curriculum Section. American Accounting Association Annual Meeting. August 5, 2014.Teaching Without Textbooks. Panel Member. American Accounting Association Annual Meeting. August 6, 2014.SELECTED WORKING PAPERS: Information Retrieval and Effective Analytical Review: Attenuating the Analytical Rreview Paradox With Memory AidsThe Effects of Group-Level Relative Performance Information and Group Identity on Group Performance Improvement in an Effort-Sensitive Non-Interactive Task (with U. Murthy)Nonprofessional Investors’ Financial Literacy and Their Trust in the Financial Markets (with L. Kersting and M. Mellon). The Effects of Relative Performance Information on Individuals’ Satisfaction With the Work Itself (with L. Kersting).COURSES TAUGHT:[Honors Program] Principles of Financial AccountingPrinciples of Financial AccountingPrinciples of Managerial Accounting Media (1) This position has 1 media University of Tampa Profile University of Tampa Profile This media is a link Assistant Professor of Accountancy Company Name Georgia Southern University Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Statesboro, GA SELECTED PAST CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS:"Nonprofessional Investors' Financial Literacy and their Trust in the Financial Markets" with L. Kersting and M. Mellon. AAA-SE - Apr, 2014"Analyst Ownership Disclosure" with M. Mellon. Annual Florida Accounting Behavioral Research Symposium, November 1, 2013."The Long-Term Effects of Multiple-Period, Integrated Accounting Cycle Practice Sets on Student Learning" with D. Fatemi and L. Marquis. 15th Annual Academy of Business Disciplines. **Awarded Best Paper in Conference (Pedagogical category) **Awarded Best Paper in Presentation Session"Analyst Ownership Disclosure" with M. Mellon. Southern Illinois University Research Workshop. October 25, 2013."The Effects of Group-Level Relative Performance Information on Group Performance Improvement in an Effort-Sensitive Non-Interdependent Task" with U. Murthy. AAA Annual Meeting. August 5, 2013.COURSES TAUGHT:Survey of Accounting: What the Numbers Mean (ACCT 2030)Graduate Seminar in Accounting Information Systems (ACCT 7530)Online Graduate Seminar in Accounting Information Systems (WMAC 7530) Textbook Material Contributor Company Name Pearson plc Dates Employed 2013 – 2013 Employment Duration less than a year Created the test bank for Accounting Information Systems, 13th Edition (2014). Romney and Steinbart. Prentice Hall: Upper Saddle, NJ. ISBN-13: 978-0133428537 ISBN-10: 0133428532 Visiting Assistant Professor Company Name University of South Florida Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr COURSES TAUGHT:"Graduate IT Controls, Skills, and Auditing""Auditing II""Accounting Information Systems""Principles of Managerial Accounting""Principles of Financial Accounting" See more positions Education University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Corporate Finance University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Degree Name CA Field Of Study Accounting University of South Florida - College of Business Administration Degree Name Ph.D Field Of Study Accounting Accounting Information Systems specialty Volunteer Experience Faculty Adviser, UT Student Book Club Company Name The University of Tampa Dates volunteered Oct 2014 – Oct 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Arts and Culture Valeriya Bowen is starting the University of Tampa's first student book club in the Spring of 2015 and I'm happy she asked me to serve as the club's faculty adviser. Invited Presenter Company Name The University of Tampa Dates volunteered Oct 2014 – Oct 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education "Integrating Research Into Teaching." Presented to the University of Tampa Teaching Guild at the Vaughn Center Conference Room. Tampa, FL. October 3rd, 2014. Faculty Co-Adviser Company Name The National Society of Leadership and Success Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Jan 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Advise GSU's NSLS executive board to help facilitate the organization's mission of creating college leaders (in conjunction with Dr. Nadia Flanigan). See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 40 endorsements for Auditing 40 Auditing Endorsed by Kimball (Kim) Adams and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Robert’s colleagues at Georgia Southern University Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 39 endorsements for Accounting 39 Accounting Endorsed by Kimball (Kim) Adams and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Robert’s colleagues at University of Tampa Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 31 endorsements for Financial Accounting 31 Financial Accounting Endorsed by John Knaak, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Robert’s colleagues at Georgia Southern University Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Robert has 13 courses 13 Expand courses section Courses Accounting Information Systems Audit II Graduate Seminar in Accounting Information Systems IT Audit, Controls, and Security Intermediate Accounting Online Accounting Information Systems Online Graduate Seminar in Accounting Information Systems Principles of Financial (Honors) Principles of Financial Accounting Principles of Managerial Robert has 9 publications 9 Expand publications section Publications Essential IT Controls For Preventing Cash Fraud The Incredible Shrinking Personal Computer Industry A Framework for Explaining Accounting Students’ Formal Communication Gap Roger's Dilemma: A Situational Examination of Ethical Behavior in the Presence of Internal Control Deficiencies Crawford & Company: A Low-Risk Turnaround Story That Should Pay Off Remarkably Gordmans Stores Is Undervalued: 'Something Unexpected' Indeed Navigant Consulting: Charting a Path to a Higher Share Price SeaCube Container Leasing: Choppy Waters for Such Valuable Cargo Why I'm Watching China Security & Surveillance Technology Robert has 5 organizations 5 Expand organizations section Organizations Institute of Management Accountants (IMA) American Accounting Association (AAA) Forensic and Investigative Accounting Section Information Systems Section American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) Robert has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects INDUSTRY FUNDED RESEARCH: The Effects of Electronic Certification on Federal Taxation Risk Preferences INDUSTRY FUNDED RESEARCH: An Examination of Relative Performance Information, Tournament Horizon, and Task Ability Stratification on Performance in an Effort Based Production Task ACL Education Futures Program at GSU Curriculum Development for Online Graduate Accounting Information Systems (WMAC 7530) My Dissertation: An Empirical Investigation of Decision Aids to Improve Auditor Effectiveness in Analytical Review Robert has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Online Course Development Certification Certified Public Accountant Registered Certified Public Accountant Robert has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards University of Tampa Honors Program Faculty Porter Keadle Moore Faculty Fellowship in Accounting Robert has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Deloitte 2,200,536 followers Cherry Bekaert LLP 6,622 followers The University of Tampa Lowth Entrepreneurship Center 694 members IMA | Institute of Management Accountants 17,124 followers University of South Florida 218,744 followers The PhD Project 5,602 members See all See all following
More Actions Trace has a account Trace Urdan Managing Director at Credit Suisse Credit Suisse Harvard Business School San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Trace Urdan is a Managing Director and Senior Analyst at Credit Suisse covering the Knowledge Services sector. After holding senior management positions within Time Inc. and KPMG Media Marwick, Mr. Urdan began his career as a research analyst in 1998 with Alex. Brown & Sons, covering publishing and education. Since that time he has held senior education research positions at a number of firms including ThinkEquity, Robert W. Baird, Signal Hill Capital Group and most recently Wells Fargo Securities. Trace is widely-cited as an expert on the topics of for-profit education, education technology and education policy. In 2011 he authored a white paper for the Kauffman Foundation on the topic of higher education regulation. In 2008 he was cited by Career College Central magazine as one of the 25 most influential people in the career college sector. In 2005 Trace was invited to testify before the Spellings Commission on the Future of Higher Education. He has been cited as an All-Star analyst by the Wall Street Journal. Trace received a BA degree from Yale University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Trace’s Activity 4,651 followers After 3 amazing years at Catapult, I'm ready for my next adventure. While I will continue to serve the company as Senior Advisor, I am open to any conversations, referrals or business ideas you may have. Thanks in advance. Trace liked Trace liked a comment Calling all Edtech Startups! The NYU Edtech Accelerator, powered by StartEd, works with innovative startups focused on technology solutions to improve education and learning -- across all stages from birth through lifelong learning. Each of the ten companies selected for the program will receive up to $170,000 in funding. Apply by the early deadline, June 30, 2017: https://lnkd.in/duYk666 FAQs: https://lnkd.in/ds6DqRt The intensive three-month mentor-led Accelerator is housed at the NYU Edtech Incubator, a co-working space dedicated to education entrepreneurship on NYU’s campus in New York City. The Accelerator will run from September 15 to December 1, 2017. Trace liked Yale and HBCUs team up to help students 'soar' Trace shared this Clever Inc. Aims to Make School Logins as Easy as ABC Trace liked Crossfire Debate - Can For-Profit Post Secondary Institutions Regain the Innovation Edge Trace shared this See all activity Experience Managing Director Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Equity research analyst covering the Knowledge Services sector. Managing Director Company Name Wells Fargo Securities Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location San Francisco Equity research analyst covering education industry, broadly-defined. SVP, Senior Research Analyst Company Name Wunderlich Securities Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location San Francisco Partner Company Name Signal Hill Capital Group Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Research Analyst Company Name Robert W. Baird & Company Dates Employed Sep 2004 – Mar 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos See more positions Education Harvard Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1992 Yale University Degree Name BA Field Of Study English Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Activities and Societies: Yale Alley Cats, Whiffenpoofs of 1987 The Head-Royce School Degree Name high school Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1983 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 146 endorsements for Valuation 99+ Valuation Endorsed by Guy Spier, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Trace’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Private Equity See 45 endorsements for Private Equity 45 Private Equity Michael A. Gaynor and 44 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (8) Dr. Michael K. Clifford VentureCatalyst | Generosity July 24, 2010, Dr. Michael K. worked with Trace in different groups Trace is a superstar...I trust him. Glenn Oclassen, Jr. SVP Customer Success at Traackr September 2, 2005, Glenn worked with Trace but at different companies There is simply no individual that understands the entire training and education industry like Trace. His insight, knowledge, wisdom, wit, and successful ability to make the industry better by asking the tough questions make Trace the wise shaman of the training marketplace. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Mike Grabenstein Vice President at Height Securities February 12, 2013, Trace worked with Mike in different groups Mike was an excellent equity salesman with whom I worked closely for nearly five years. He was tenacious, creative, insightful, entrepreneurial, results-oriented and eager to please. I would gladly march with Mike into battle and would readily endorse his contribution to any selling effort. He grew our business and taught me a great deal in the process. Claire Berlinski American freelance writer, researcher, editor and analyst November 14, 2012, Trace worked with Claire but at different companies As a journalist, Claire is insightful, tenacious, creative and clear. She has a talent for taking complex and sometimes remote subjects and making them very accessible. I also know from her time at Ricochet, that she is also a skilled editor. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Trace has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification ASU GSV Summit 2016 Interests Grand Canyon University 85,675 followers Wells Fargo Securities 16,142 followers DealFlow Source Network | Private Equity, Venture Capital, M&A Deal Flow 134,019 members Grand Canyon University 94,909 followers Higher Education Management 121,044 members ITT Educational Services, Inc. 4,458 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gretchen has a account Gretchen Espejo International Assignments Tax Analyst at IBM IBM Business Services Inc University of Santo Tomas Philippines 3 3 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow Gretchen’s Activity 3 followers ~THE INTERVIEWEE WHO HATED ME~ 6 years ago a guy looked at me face to face, and boldly told me; "I don't like you!" I replied: Thank you for the feedback, but those you like - has it made their life better? Does your liking people pay their bills? Today I joined a CEO friend of mine in an interview Panel. As we returned from a break to continue the interviews this same guy walked in. Our eyes met and we recognized each other. He felt uncomfortable through out the interview. I allowed everyone to take their turn and interviewed him last. I said I LIKE YOU so much. You look to me like an intelligent person, but it seems you are not comfortable? That's correct Sir, He said. I replied, I was never offended or bothered that day because whether you liked me or not was inconsequential. I beckoned him to embrace me. Everyone was wondering if we had recast an interview to a Hollywood movie scene. He hugged me. I said "now get your confidence back and answer the questions like the Pro Shark you are. We burst into laughter, everyone suddenly liked him and well to cut the story short he got the job! If you dislike someone, it is YOUR FAULT! Learn to forgive, overlook people's dislike for you, bless them rather - that's how you court God's blessings, favour and protection. Gretchen liked See all activity Experience International Assignments Tax Analyst Company Name IBM Business Services Inc Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Tasks and Responsibilities:Responsible for performing most of the day to day work to operate the Tax Equalization Policy and learning how mobility or about the countries under the responsibility works.• Government Tax Payments administration and processing for the countries under accountability• Government Tax Refund administration and processing for the countries under accountability• Hypothetical Tax Settlement Collection and Refund Administration and processing for the countries under accountability• Ensuring Assignee Compliance activities are completed for the Tax Service Provider Tax Organizer, Tax Return Filing activities, Debt Recovery & Separations Administration (Letter of understanding for IAs)• Confirmation of host country transactions to the home country IA Tax contact where required• Ensuring transactions are requested for reporting to the corresponding home/host country• Be the assignee's, and other stakeholders focal for the end to end tax equalization activity of the assignees handled. Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Factset Philippines Inc Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Tasks and Responsibilities:• Assist the members of the group by answering their content collection queries.• Pro-actively identify areas where quality concerns are apparent within the team• Ensure that team members acquire full understanding of any existing policies and policy changes• Help with the creation of process/content documentation as required.• Prioritize queries raised by newly qualified trainees within the group to help them reach prescribed accuracy levels within 3 months of their joining the teams.• Attend other team's discussions to transfer new knowledge and to ensure understanding of collection policy statements are the same across all markets. Achievement/s:​• Quality Top Performer - July 2015• Quality Top Performer - December 2014• Quality Top Performer - September 2014• Quality Top Performer - August 2014• Productivity Top Performer - Quarter 1 of 2015• Productivity Top Performer - Quarter 4 of 2014• Productivity Top Performer - Quarter 3 of 2014• Productivity Top Performer - Quarter 2 of 2014• Productivity Top Performer - Quarter 1 of 2014 Equity Research Analyst Company Name Factset Philippines Inc Dates Employed Feb 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Tasks and Responsibilities:• Analyze and updates financial related data of external companies in order to provide clients information that are significant to their investment decisions• Provides accurate and reliable demographic and statistical financial market data to internal and external clientele Achievement/s:• Quality Top Performer - February 2014• Quality Top Performer - Quarter 4 of 2013• Quality Top Performer - Quarter 3 of 2011• Productivity Top Performer - Quarter 4 of 2013 Collections Officer Company Name Standard Chartered Bank Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 8 mos Tasks and Responsibilities:• Monitoring of accounts and initiate necessary courses of action based on account status• Assist customers on their late payment or past due accounts• Initiate account maintenance by preparing and recording reversals, payment transfers, card reactivation and blocking Achievement/s:• Rookie of the month of May 2010 Research Analyst Company Name Thomson Reuters Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 10 mos Tasks and Responsibilities:• Tracking joint ventures deals from Americas, Europe and Malaysia• Deal writing with a focus on joint ventures• Creating and updating company records Education University of Santo Tomas Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research Equity Research No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft PowerPoint Microsoft PowerPoint No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Adam has a account Adam Gallina Equity Research Analyst at Eagle Asset Management Eagle Asset Management Saint Petersburg, Florida 273 273 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Eagle Asset Management Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 6 endorsements for Equities 6 Equities Endorsed by Donald Powell, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 3 endorsements for Equity Research 3 Equity Research Endorsed by Michael Smith, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 3 endorsements for Hedge Funds 3 Hedge Funds Peter J. Rogers, Jr. and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Eagle Asset Management 2,237 followers
More Actions Stefan has a account Stefan Slowinski 20 years of global technology experience on the sell side, buy side, corporate finance and start-ups Exane BNP Paribas University of Pennsylvania London, United Kingdom 368 368 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Global Technology Analyst Company Name Exane BNP Paribas Dates Employed 2017 – Present Employment Duration less than a year Location London, United Kingdom Founder / Managing Partner Company Name INOX Global Capital Management Dates Employed 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Emerging Markets Equity Hedge Fund Managing Director - Technology Analyst - Head of Research Company Name HAITONG Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom Managing Director - Deputy Global Head of Equity & Credit Research Company Name Societe Generale Dates Employed 2008 – 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Global Software & IT Services Equity Research Analyst Company Name Societe Generale Dates Employed 2001 – 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location London / Paris See more positions Education University of Pennsylvania Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Triple Major Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 London Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Investment Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 The Episcopal Academy Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 5 endorsements for Equities 5 Equities Endorsed by Luis Luna Vaz, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Stefan’s colleagues at HAITONG Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 3 endorsements for Management 3 Management Louis Lu and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 2 endorsements for Equity Research 2 Equity Research Louis Lu and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Pennsylvania 205,834 followers London Business School 162,072 followers University of Pennsylvania 224,263 followers Société Générale 264,333 followers London Business School 121,000 followers HAITONG 8,223 followers See all See all following
More Actions Susan has a account Susan Anderson Senior Vice President, Senior Equity Research Analyst at FBR Capital Markets FBR Capital Markets Arlington, Virginia 335 335 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Vice President, Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name FBR Capital Markets Dates Employed May 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 8 endorsements for Financial Modeling 8 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Martha V. Shelton, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 4 endorsements for Valuation 4 Valuation Endorsed by Martha V. Shelton, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 4 endorsements for Equities 4 Equities Susan Basas and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Citi 1,270,326 followers Sustainable Stores 23,772 members Equity Research Analysts - A New Beginning - by Spartan Partnership 2,550 members ALLRETAIL retail executive network 111,385 members National Retail Federation 42,241 members Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members See all See all following
More Actions Robert has a account Robert Marley Associate Director, University of Tampa Center for Ethics & Assistant Professor of Accounting University of Tampa - John H. Sykes College of Business University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Tampa, Florida 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail As an educator, I am passionate about helping individuals to understand, interpret, and use financial information. As a researcher, I study how people use information in decision making contexts and I enjoy finding ways to improve judgment and decision making processes. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Associate Director, Center for Ethics Company Name University of Tampa - John H. Sykes College of Business Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Assistant Professor of Accounting Company Name The University of Tampa Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Tampa, Florida UNIVERSITY LINK: http://www.ut.edu/RobertMarley/ACADEMIC PUBLICATIONS:Please see LinkedIn "Publications" section belowUPCOMING CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS:The Effects of Relative Performance Information on Individuals’ Satisfaction With the Work Itself (with L. Kersting). 2015 Management Accounting Section Conference. January, 2015. RECENT CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS:The Effects of Relative Performance Information on Individuals’ Task Satisfaction (with L. Kersting). 2014 AAA Northeast Region Conference. October, 2014.Nonprofessional Investors’ Interpretations of Expanded Analyst Ownership Disclosure (with M. Mellon). Concurrent Research Presentation. American Accounting Association Annual Meeting. August 5, 2014.A Pathway to Strengthening the Knowledge and Identity of the Accounting Discipline (with M. Mellon). Teaching, Learning, and Curriculum Section. American Accounting Association Annual Meeting. August 5, 2014.Teaching Without Textbooks. Panel Member. American Accounting Association Annual Meeting. August 6, 2014.SELECTED WORKING PAPERS: Information Retrieval and Effective Analytical Review: Attenuating the Analytical Rreview Paradox With Memory AidsThe Effects of Group-Level Relative Performance Information and Group Identity on Group Performance Improvement in an Effort-Sensitive Non-Interactive Task (with U. Murthy)Nonprofessional Investors’ Financial Literacy and Their Trust in the Financial Markets (with L. Kersting and M. Mellon). The Effects of Relative Performance Information on Individuals’ Satisfaction With the Work Itself (with L. Kersting).COURSES TAUGHT:[Honors Program] Principles of Financial AccountingPrinciples of Financial AccountingPrinciples of Managerial Accounting Media (1) This position has 1 media University of Tampa Profile University of Tampa Profile This media is a link Assistant Professor of Accountancy Company Name Georgia Southern University Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Statesboro, GA SELECTED PAST CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS:"Nonprofessional Investors' Financial Literacy and their Trust in the Financial Markets" with L. Kersting and M. Mellon. AAA-SE - Apr, 2014"Analyst Ownership Disclosure" with M. Mellon. Annual Florida Accounting Behavioral Research Symposium, November 1, 2013."The Long-Term Effects of Multiple-Period, Integrated Accounting Cycle Practice Sets on Student Learning" with D. Fatemi and L. Marquis. 15th Annual Academy of Business Disciplines. **Awarded Best Paper in Conference (Pedagogical category) **Awarded Best Paper in Presentation Session"Analyst Ownership Disclosure" with M. Mellon. Southern Illinois University Research Workshop. October 25, 2013."The Effects of Group-Level Relative Performance Information on Group Performance Improvement in an Effort-Sensitive Non-Interdependent Task" with U. Murthy. AAA Annual Meeting. August 5, 2013.COURSES TAUGHT:Survey of Accounting: What the Numbers Mean (ACCT 2030)Graduate Seminar in Accounting Information Systems (ACCT 7530)Online Graduate Seminar in Accounting Information Systems (WMAC 7530) Textbook Material Contributor Company Name Pearson plc Dates Employed 2013 – 2013 Employment Duration less than a year Created the test bank for Accounting Information Systems, 13th Edition (2014). Romney and Steinbart. Prentice Hall: Upper Saddle, NJ. ISBN-13: 978-0133428537 ISBN-10: 0133428532 Visiting Assistant Professor Company Name University of South Florida Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr COURSES TAUGHT:"Graduate IT Controls, Skills, and Auditing""Auditing II""Accounting Information Systems""Principles of Managerial Accounting""Principles of Financial Accounting" See more positions Education University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Corporate Finance University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Degree Name CA Field Of Study Accounting University of South Florida - College of Business Administration Degree Name Ph.D Field Of Study Accounting Accounting Information Systems specialty Volunteer Experience Faculty Adviser, UT Student Book Club Company Name The University of Tampa Dates volunteered Oct 2014 – Oct 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Arts and Culture Valeriya Bowen is starting the University of Tampa's first student book club in the Spring of 2015 and I'm happy she asked me to serve as the club's faculty adviser. Invited Presenter Company Name The University of Tampa Dates volunteered Oct 2014 – Oct 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education "Integrating Research Into Teaching." Presented to the University of Tampa Teaching Guild at the Vaughn Center Conference Room. Tampa, FL. October 3rd, 2014. Faculty Co-Adviser Company Name The National Society of Leadership and Success Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Jan 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Advise GSU's NSLS executive board to help facilitate the organization's mission of creating college leaders (in conjunction with Dr. Nadia Flanigan). See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Auditing See 40 endorsements for Auditing 40 Auditing Endorsed by Kimball (Kim) Adams and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Robert’s colleagues at Georgia Southern University Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 39 endorsements for Accounting 39 Accounting Endorsed by Kimball (Kim) Adams and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Robert’s colleagues at University of Tampa Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 31 endorsements for Financial Accounting 31 Financial Accounting Endorsed by John Knaak, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Robert’s colleagues at Georgia Southern University Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Robert has 13 courses 13 Expand courses section Courses Accounting Information Systems Audit II Graduate Seminar in Accounting Information Systems IT Audit, Controls, and Security Intermediate Accounting Online Accounting Information Systems Online Graduate Seminar in Accounting Information Systems Principles of Financial (Honors) Principles of Financial Accounting Principles of Managerial Robert has 9 publications 9 Expand publications section Publications Essential IT Controls For Preventing Cash Fraud The Incredible Shrinking Personal Computer Industry A Framework for Explaining Accounting Students’ Formal Communication Gap Roger's Dilemma: A Situational Examination of Ethical Behavior in the Presence of Internal Control Deficiencies Crawford & Company: A Low-Risk Turnaround Story That Should Pay Off Remarkably Gordmans Stores Is Undervalued: 'Something Unexpected' Indeed Navigant Consulting: Charting a Path to a Higher Share Price SeaCube Container Leasing: Choppy Waters for Such Valuable Cargo Why I'm Watching China Security & Surveillance Technology Robert has 5 organizations 5 Expand organizations section Organizations Institute of Management Accountants (IMA) American Accounting Association (AAA) Forensic and Investigative Accounting Section Information Systems Section American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) Robert has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects INDUSTRY FUNDED RESEARCH: The Effects of Electronic Certification on Federal Taxation Risk Preferences INDUSTRY FUNDED RESEARCH: An Examination of Relative Performance Information, Tournament Horizon, and Task Ability Stratification on Performance in an Effort Based Production Task ACL Education Futures Program at GSU Curriculum Development for Online Graduate Accounting Information Systems (WMAC 7530) My Dissertation: An Empirical Investigation of Decision Aids to Improve Auditor Effectiveness in Analytical Review Robert has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Online Course Development Certification Certified Public Accountant Registered Certified Public Accountant Robert has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards University of Tampa Honors Program Faculty Porter Keadle Moore Faculty Fellowship in Accounting Robert has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests SMART Business Advisory and Consulting 1,392 followers Georgia Southern University 73,465 followers Cherry Bekaert LLP 6,622 followers KPMG 594,893 followers The Georgia Society of CPAs 2,287 followers Seeking Alpha 50,284 followers See all See all following
More Actions Trace has a account Trace Urdan Managing Director at Credit Suisse Credit Suisse Harvard Business School San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Trace Urdan is a Managing Director and Senior Analyst at Credit Suisse covering the Knowledge Services sector. After holding senior management positions within Time Inc. and KPMG Media Marwick, Mr. Urdan began his career as a research analyst in 1998 with Alex. Brown & Sons, covering publishing and education. Since that time he has held senior education research positions at a number of firms including ThinkEquity, Robert W. Baird, Signal Hill Capital Group and most recently Wells Fargo Securities. Trace is widely-cited as an expert on the topics of for-profit education, education technology and education policy. In 2011 he authored a white paper for the Kauffman Foundation on the topic of higher education regulation. In 2008 he was cited by Career College Central magazine as one of the 25 most influential people in the career college sector. In 2005 Trace was invited to testify before the Spellings Commission on the Future of Higher Education. He has been cited as an All-Star analyst by the Wall Street Journal. Trace received a BA degree from Yale University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Trace’s Activity 4,651 followers After 3 amazing years at Catapult, I'm ready for my next adventure. While I will continue to serve the company as Senior Advisor, I am open to any conversations, referrals or business ideas you may have. Thanks in advance. Trace liked Trace liked a comment Calling all Edtech Startups! The NYU Edtech Accelerator, powered by StartEd, works with innovative startups focused on technology solutions to improve education and learning -- across all stages from birth through lifelong learning. Each of the ten companies selected for the program will receive up to $170,000 in funding. Apply by the early deadline, June 30, 2017: https://lnkd.in/duYk666 FAQs: https://lnkd.in/ds6DqRt The intensive three-month mentor-led Accelerator is housed at the NYU Edtech Incubator, a co-working space dedicated to education entrepreneurship on NYU’s campus in New York City. The Accelerator will run from September 15 to December 1, 2017. Trace liked Yale and HBCUs team up to help students 'soar' Trace shared this Clever Inc. Aims to Make School Logins as Easy as ABC Trace liked Crossfire Debate - Can For-Profit Post Secondary Institutions Regain the Innovation Edge Trace shared this See all activity Experience Managing Director Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Equity research analyst covering the Knowledge Services sector. Managing Director Company Name Wells Fargo Securities Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location San Francisco Equity research analyst covering education industry, broadly-defined. SVP, Senior Research Analyst Company Name Wunderlich Securities Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location San Francisco Partner Company Name Signal Hill Capital Group Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Research Analyst Company Name Robert W. Baird & Company Dates Employed Sep 2004 – Mar 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos See more positions Education Harvard Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1992 Yale University Degree Name BA Field Of Study English Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Activities and Societies: Yale Alley Cats, Whiffenpoofs of 1987 The Head-Royce School Degree Name high school Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1983 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 146 endorsements for Valuation 99+ Valuation Endorsed by Guy Spier, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Trace’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Private Equity See 45 endorsements for Private Equity 45 Private Equity Michael A. Gaynor and 44 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (8) Dr. Michael K. Clifford VentureCatalyst | Generosity July 24, 2010, Dr. Michael K. worked with Trace in different groups Trace is a superstar...I trust him. Glenn Oclassen, Jr. SVP Customer Success at Traackr September 2, 2005, Glenn worked with Trace but at different companies There is simply no individual that understands the entire training and education industry like Trace. His insight, knowledge, wisdom, wit, and successful ability to make the industry better by asking the tough questions make Trace the wise shaman of the training marketplace. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Mike Grabenstein Vice President at Height Securities February 12, 2013, Trace worked with Mike in different groups Mike was an excellent equity salesman with whom I worked closely for nearly five years. He was tenacious, creative, insightful, entrepreneurial, results-oriented and eager to please. I would gladly march with Mike into battle and would readily endorse his contribution to any selling effort. He grew our business and taught me a great deal in the process. Claire Berlinski American freelance writer, researcher, editor and analyst November 14, 2012, Trace worked with Claire but at different companies As a journalist, Claire is insightful, tenacious, creative and clear. She has a talent for taking complex and sometimes remote subjects and making them very accessible. I also know from her time at Ricochet, that she is also a skilled editor. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Trace has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification ASU GSV Summit 2016 Interests Michael MoritzMichael Moritz is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner, Sequoia Capital 580,843 followers Grand Canyon University 94,909 followers Grand Canyon University 85,675 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,242,226 followers Betsy (Elizabeth) CorcoranBetsy (Elizabeth) Corcoran is a LinkedIn Influencer CoFounder & CEO, EdSurge 67,867 followers Jeff SelingoJeff Selingo is a LinkedIn Influencer New York Times bestselling author, Washington Post columnist, higher education strategist, LinkedIn Top 10 Influencer 399,554 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Brinkman Automotive Equity Research Analyst at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan Walsh College Greater New York City Area 313 313 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Lead Automotive Equity Research Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Vice President, Global Investment Research Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Hardlines Retail Equity Research Associate, Automotive Equity Research Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Associate, Automotive Equity Research Company Name Bear Stearns Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Senior Automotive Analyst Company Name PricewaterhouseCoopers Dates Employed 2004 – 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education Walsh College Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 Hillsdale College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Political Economy Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests J.P. Morgan 833,577 followers Hillsdale College 11,201 followers Walsh College 22,321 followers Wolfe Research, LLC 759 followers Walsh College 24,372 followers Hillsdale College 12,285 followers
More Actions Stuart has a account Stuart Amor Managing Director at FTI Consulting FTI Consulting Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I value companies within FTI's Economic and Financial Consulting practice. I have 20+ years experience as an oil and gas equity research analyst. I was the lead analyst on 5 successful equity deals and have supervised the research on more than a dozen other transactions. Over the years I have covered a broad range of oil and gas companies; from BP and Royal Dutch Shell to Russian oil and gas companies (at Credit Suisse, I was the lead analyst on both Gazprom's and Lukoil's IPOs) and Petrobras, to mid-cap and junior names such as Tullow Oil, Ophir Energy, Seplat, FAR Ltd and Chariot O&G. Specialties: Energy Sector, Valuation, Equity Capital Markets, Mergers and Acquisitions See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name FTI Consulting Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom I am a Valuation Expert within FTI's Economic and Financial Consulting practiceI focus on matters concerning the Energy sector Head of Oil and Gas Research Company Name RFC Ambrian Dates Employed May 2012 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location London, United Kingdom Covered over a dozen African focussed mid-cap and junior oil companies including Tullow Oil, Ophir Energy, Seplat, FAR Ltd, African Oil Corp, Chariot O&G and others. Head EEMEA Equity Research, Managing Director Company Name UniCredit Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location London, United Kingdom Coached analysts to improve the quality of their research. Head of Global Equity Research, Managing Director Company Name ING Dates Employed 2003 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Led a department of some 120 analysts and support staff.Led the emerging European team of analysts to a No. 1 Extel ranking in 2010, from 5th position in 2003. LEMEA Oil and Gas Analyst Company Name ING Dates Employed 2002 – 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr Location London, United Kingdom Covered Russian oil and gas companies and Petrobras.Increased Russian oil and gas equity commissions by 160% in first year. See more positions Education Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Strategy, Finance, Economics Grade 4.0/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1994 University of Cambridge Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Biochemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1990 University of Cambridge Degree Name BA Field Of Study Chemistry Grade 2.1 Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 44 endorsements for Equity Research 44 Equity Research Endorsed by Angus Saer and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Stuart’s colleagues at UniCredit Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 27 endorsements for Investment Banking 27 Investment Banking Endorsed by Julian Wentzel and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Stuart’s colleagues at UniCredit Click and drag to reorder skills Emerging Markets See 26 endorsements for Emerging Markets 26 Emerging Markets Endorsed by Angus Saer and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Stuart’s colleagues at ING Nederland Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Andrzej Nowaczek Emerging markets financial analyst December 1, 2012, Stuart managed Andrzej directly Andrzej is one of the most experienced EMEA Banks analysts in the market today. This shows through in his understanding and recommendations on companies in this sector. His research reports always add value and require little/ no editing before publication. In short, he was a pleasure to have as part of the team. Accomplishments Stuart has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Finance Club 1,037,796 members Credit Suisse 453,194 followers PA Consulting Group 90,426 followers International Arbitration 28,961 members FTI Consulting - EMEA 1,028 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,511,294 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tim has a account Tim Shannon, CFA Managing Partner at Cedar Investors Cedar Investors Kellogg School of Management Greater Denver Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Tim’s Activity 1,249 followers Shared via ow.ly Tim liked See all activity Experience Managing Partner Company Name Cedar Investors Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater Denver Area Founding Partner Company Name Global Platinum Securities Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs $200K AUM education focused investment club with chapters at Harvard, London School of Economics, University of Pennsylvania, Georgetown, University of Colorado, University of Dayton, New York University, and MIT (www.gps100.com)~50 undergraduates and ~120 in alumni association Resident, Redwoods Leadership Development Program Company Name DaVita Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Denver, CO Redwoods Summer Associate - VillageHealth Company Name DaVita Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Denver Area MBA Intern Company Name Longitude Capital Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Longitude Capital specializes in making venture growth investments in biotechnology and medical technology companies that seek to improve clinical outcomes, enhance quality of life and/or reduce system costs. See more positions Education Kellogg School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Health Enterprise Management & Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Activities and Societies: Kellogg Business of Healthcare Conference (2013 & 2014), Kellogg Private Equity and Venture Capital Conference (2014 & 2015) Georgetown University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Healthcare Management & Policy Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Current Member of School of Nursing and Health Studies Board of Advisors Featured Skills & Endorsements Hedge Funds See 22 endorsements for Hedge Funds 22 Hedge Funds Endorsed by 10 of Tim’s colleagues at Global Platinum Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 17 endorsements for Equities 17 Equities Endorsed by 8 of Tim’s colleagues at Global Platinum Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 14 endorsements for Investments 14 Investments Endorsed by 7 of Tim’s colleagues at Global Platinum Securities Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests McKinsey & Company 1,398,406 followers Value Investing Congress 12,891 members Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management 111,677 followers Innovation, Tech & VC Industry Council 21 members JPMorgan Chase & Co. 936,780 followers Georgetown University 7,732 members See all See all following
More Actions Akanksha has a account Akanksha Chopra Attended Jamia Millia Islamia Sharekhan Jamia Millia Islamia New Delhi Area, India 39 39 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Akanksha’s Activity 39 followers Chat fictions are here to save the bibliophile in you Akanksha liked I see a lot of entrepreneurs reading interviews and transcripts of competitive founders or those who are market leaders and shaping their strategy. The key is to read between the lines and understand what they are not saying. Imitating them wont give you an edge, knowing what they are avoiding, might give you insights into what you can become better at. Remember, nobody cares for a local version of an awesome brand. Akanksha liked Can we stop calling companies tech companies now? If you make great pizza and have a website, you are a pizza company not a tech company. If you make amazing shoes helped by 3D printers, you are still not a tech company. If you make all your money from selling advertising you are a media company, regardless of the technology you use. You are probably not a "tech company that happens to sell coffee". Companies now operate in what's best called "the modern world". Using digital stuff is like using electricity, it's just required for 2017. So unless you make money from making technology, please accept "being a tech company" is silly. It's great rhetoric, but it's now empty and nothing to boast about. Akanksha liked An entrepreneur once asked me. "Can we get iMacs in the office (with the funding we are about to close?) "Hmm, no. But you can with the revenue you make". They made revenue. They got their Macs. Perks are fine, but ultimately you want to build a high yield org, for that incentives need to be aligned. Have that culture built in from day one. Akanksha liked Hi Folks!! Urgent Hiring for Research Analyst. Exp-0-2 yrs, Salary- 20-50K, MBA/PGDM, Gurgaon, Delhi, Noida etc. Like & comment if you are intersted. Akanksha commented See all activity Experience Summer Research Intern Company Name Sharekhan Dates Employed May 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location New Delhi Area, India Project Title: Technical Analysis of Maruti Suzuki India, Tata Motors and Mahindra & Mahindra (major players in Indian passenger vehicles segment)Charting technique: Candlestick Tools: Simple Moving Average, Moving Average Convergence Divergence(MACD) and Relative Strength Index (RSI) Equity Research Analyst Company Name The Money Roller Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 2 mos 1) Preparing weekly snapshot and economic outlook (top 5 gainers and losers in the stock market, performance of Indian and international indices, FII and DII investment in equity markets)2) Sectoral analysis of tyre and rubber industry3) Annual report analysis of Balkrishna Industries Limited Marketing Intern Company Name Partiko Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 2 mos Education Jamia Millia Islamia Degree Name Master of Business Administration - MBA Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Ram Lal Anand College, Delhi University Degree Name BA(H) Business Economics - BBE Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 Doon Public School, Paschim Vihar Field Of Study Commerce Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 1 endorsement for Management 1 Management MOHAMMAD TALHA has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 1 endorsement for Leadership 1 Leadership MOHAMMAD TALHA has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests moneycontrol.com 317,676 followers IIFL (India Infoline Group) 34,425 followers Ravi VenkatesanRavi Venkatesan is a LinkedIn Influencer Philanthropist, mentor, writer 142,674 followers The Economist 4,116,621 followers Jamia Millia Islamia 34,503 followers Sharekhan 10,690 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brennan has a account Brennan Hawken Snr Equity Research Analyst at UBS Investment Bank UBS Investment Bank Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Analyst, Equity Research Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Responsible for lead coverage of Universal Banks, Brokers, Asset Managers, and Trust BanksUniverse includes C, JPM, BAC, MS, BS, BLK, IVZ, TROW, BEN, STT, BK, NTRS, LAZ, GHL, EVR, CG, and APO.Publish research and estimates for my universe Senior Analyst, Equity Research Company Name Collins Stewart Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Launched coverage of eight Asset Managers, and assumed coverage of four Discount Brokers. Analyst, Equity Research Company Name Neuberger Berman Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Associate Analyst, Equity Research Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Jnr Analyst, Equity Research Company Name Neuberger Berman Dates Employed Oct 2003 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos See more positions Education Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Lehigh University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 44 endorsements for Equity Research 44 Equity Research Endorsed by Michael Lasser and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Brennan’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management See 20 endorsements for Asset Management 20 Asset Management Endorsed by Steve Lin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brennan’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 18 endorsements for Hedge Funds 18 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Robert E. Akeson and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Brennan’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brennan has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications MS 3Q12 results Downgrading the banks MS upgrade Interests Official: Neuberger Berman Employees (Current & Alumni) 500 members Lehigh University 62,004 followers Columbia Business School 83,293 followers UBS 456,538 followers Columbia Business School 74,056 followers Lehigh University 59,417 followers
More Actions Lawrence has a account Lawrence Biegelsen Senior Analyst at Wells Fargo Wells Fargo NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Sell side equity research analyst covering medical supplies and devices. Highlights Experience Senior Medical Device Equity Research Analyst Company Name Wells Fargo Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 3 mos Location NYC Medical Device Analyst Senior Medical Device Analyst Company Name Prudential Securities Dates Employed May 2005 – Mar 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location NYC Associate Pharmaceutical Analyst Company Name Prudential Securities Dates Employed Mar 2002 – May 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location NYC Associate Director Company Name Merck Dates Employed 1995 – 2002 Employment Duration 7 yrs Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 Tulane University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Featured Skills & Endorsements Medical Devices See 25 endorsements for Medical Devices 25 Medical Devices Endorsed by Ann Schulte, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Lawrence’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Wells Fargo 569,446 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,950 followers Tulane University 78,937 followers NYU Stern School of Business 100,903 followers Cardiovascular Medical Devices Group 53,574 members Tulane University 74,922 followers See all See all following
More Actions Phillips has a account Phillips Johnston Senior E&P Analyst at Capital One Securities Capital One Duke University New Orleans, Louisiana 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior E&P Analyst Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater New Orleans Area Analyst Company Name Geosphere Capital Management Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Analyst Company Name Dawson Capital Management Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Vice President Company Name JP Morgan Dates Employed 1997 – 2006 Employment Duration 9 yrs Education Duke University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 The Lawrenceville School Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 17 endorsements for Equity Research 17 Equity Research Endorsed by Pierre Conner, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Phillips’ colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 14 endorsements for Financial Modeling 14 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Fauzia Rashid and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Phillips’ colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 9 endorsements for Equities 9 Equities Endorsed by John Hufcut and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Xiao Feng, CFA Equity Research Senior Associate at CLSA December 9, 2011, Phillips was senior to Xiao but didn’t manage directly In addition to working with other senior analysts during his internship at Dawson, Xiao helped me analyze both the energy and precious metals industries by performing detailed supply and demand analysis for both oil and gold. Accomplishments Interests Duke University 150,785 followers Duke University 140,490 followers Capital One 290,365 followers The Lawrenceville School 5,279 followers The Lawrenceville School 4,804 followers
More Actions Kevin has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Kevin Frisz Portfolio Manager MSD Capital, L.P. Columbia University - Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 416 416 connections InMail Highlights Follow Follow Kevin’s Activity 416 followers Frisch's opening first downtown restaurant in 13 years Kevin liked See all activity Experience Portfolio Manager Company Name MSD Capital, L.P. Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 10 yrs 7 mos Location New York Research Analyst Company Name Basswood Partners Dates Employed Jul 2001 – Jul 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location New York, NY - Research analyst on long/short equity hedge fund Financial Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 1998 – Jun 2001 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo - Investment Research- Investment Banking (M&A) Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society The Ohio State University Fisher College of Business Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Summa cum laude with distinction Elder High School Volunteer Experience Board Member Company Name Food Bank For New York City Featured Skills & Endorsements Hedge Funds See 7 endorsements for Hedge Funds 7 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Ajay Shroff, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Kevin’s colleagues at MSD Capital, L.P. Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 4 endorsements for Investments 4 Investments Endorsed by Ajay Shroff, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kevin’s colleagues at MSD Capital, L.P. Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 3 endorsements for Financial Modeling 3 Financial Modeling Ajay Shroff and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Hedge Fund 13,155 followers Value Investing Congress 12,891 members GQR Global Markets 69,077 followers Penn Mutual 5,458 followers The Ohio State University Fisher College of Business 39,424 followers Stacey Braun Associates Inc 225 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stuart has a account Stuart Amor Managing Director at FTI Consulting FTI Consulting Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I value companies within FTI's Economic and Financial Consulting practice. I have 20+ years experience as an oil and gas equity research analyst. I was the lead analyst on 5 successful equity deals and have supervised the research on more than a dozen other transactions. Over the years I have covered a broad range of oil and gas companies; from BP and Royal Dutch Shell to Russian oil and gas companies (at Credit Suisse, I was the lead analyst on both Gazprom's and Lukoil's IPOs) and Petrobras, to mid-cap and junior names such as Tullow Oil, Ophir Energy, Seplat, FAR Ltd and Chariot O&G. Specialties: Energy Sector, Valuation, Equity Capital Markets, Mergers and Acquisitions See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name FTI Consulting Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom I am a Valuation Expert within FTI's Economic and Financial Consulting practiceI focus on matters concerning the Energy sector Head of Oil and Gas Research Company Name RFC Ambrian Dates Employed May 2012 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location London, United Kingdom Covered over a dozen African focussed mid-cap and junior oil companies including Tullow Oil, Ophir Energy, Seplat, FAR Ltd, African Oil Corp, Chariot O&G and others. Head EEMEA Equity Research, Managing Director Company Name UniCredit Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location London, United Kingdom Coached analysts to improve the quality of their research. Head of Global Equity Research, Managing Director Company Name ING Dates Employed 2003 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Led a department of some 120 analysts and support staff.Led the emerging European team of analysts to a No. 1 Extel ranking in 2010, from 5th position in 2003. LEMEA Oil and Gas Analyst Company Name ING Dates Employed 2002 – 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr Location London, United Kingdom Covered Russian oil and gas companies and Petrobras.Increased Russian oil and gas equity commissions by 160% in first year. See more positions Education Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Strategy, Finance, Economics Grade 4.0/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1994 University of Cambridge Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Biochemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1990 University of Cambridge Degree Name BA Field Of Study Chemistry Grade 2.1 Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 44 endorsements for Equity Research 44 Equity Research Endorsed by Angus Saer and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Stuart’s colleagues at UniCredit Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 27 endorsements for Investment Banking 27 Investment Banking Endorsed by Julian Wentzel and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Stuart’s colleagues at UniCredit Click and drag to reorder skills Emerging Markets See 26 endorsements for Emerging Markets 26 Emerging Markets Endorsed by Angus Saer and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Stuart’s colleagues at ING Nederland Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Andrzej Nowaczek Emerging markets financial analyst December 1, 2012, Stuart managed Andrzej directly Andrzej is one of the most experienced EMEA Banks analysts in the market today. This shows through in his understanding and recommendations on companies in this sector. His research reports always add value and require little/ no editing before publication. In short, he was a pleasure to have as part of the team. Accomplishments Stuart has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests University of Cambridge 331,240 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,511,294 followers Oil and Gas Investor 18,765 members ING 107,352 followers Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management 90,528 followers Credit Suisse 453,194 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brennan has a account Brennan Hawken Snr Equity Research Analyst at UBS Investment Bank UBS Investment Bank Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Analyst, Equity Research Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Responsible for lead coverage of Universal Banks, Brokers, Asset Managers, and Trust BanksUniverse includes C, JPM, BAC, MS, BS, BLK, IVZ, TROW, BEN, STT, BK, NTRS, LAZ, GHL, EVR, CG, and APO.Publish research and estimates for my universe Senior Analyst, Equity Research Company Name Collins Stewart Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Launched coverage of eight Asset Managers, and assumed coverage of four Discount Brokers. Analyst, Equity Research Company Name Neuberger Berman Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Associate Analyst, Equity Research Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Jnr Analyst, Equity Research Company Name Neuberger Berman Dates Employed Oct 2003 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos See more positions Education Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Lehigh University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 44 endorsements for Equity Research 44 Equity Research Endorsed by Michael Lasser and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Brennan’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management See 20 endorsements for Asset Management 20 Asset Management Endorsed by Steve Lin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brennan’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 18 endorsements for Hedge Funds 18 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Robert E. Akeson and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Brennan’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brennan has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications MS 3Q12 results Downgrading the banks MS upgrade Interests Columbia Business School 83,293 followers Columbia Business School 74,054 followers Official: Neuberger Berman Employees (Current & Alumni) 500 members Lehigh University 62,004 followers Lehigh University 59,417 followers UBS 456,538 followers
More Actions Phillips has a account Phillips Johnston Senior E&P Analyst at Capital One Securities Capital One Duke University New Orleans, Louisiana 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior E&P Analyst Company Name Capital One Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater New Orleans Area Analyst Company Name Geosphere Capital Management Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Analyst Company Name Dawson Capital Management Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Vice President Company Name JP Morgan Dates Employed 1997 – 2006 Employment Duration 9 yrs Education Duke University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 The Lawrenceville School Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 17 endorsements for Equity Research 17 Equity Research Endorsed by Pierre Conner, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Phillips’ colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 14 endorsements for Financial Modeling 14 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Fauzia Rashid and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Phillips’ colleagues at Capital One Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 9 endorsements for Equities 9 Equities Endorsed by John Hufcut and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Xiao Feng, CFA Equity Research Senior Associate at CLSA December 9, 2011, Phillips was senior to Xiao but didn’t manage directly In addition to working with other senior analysts during his internship at Dawson, Xiao helped me analyze both the energy and precious metals industries by performing detailed supply and demand analysis for both oil and gold. Accomplishments Interests Capital One 290,365 followers The Lawrenceville School 5,279 followers The Lawrenceville School 4,804 followers Duke University 140,493 followers Duke University 150,785 followers
More Actions Lawrence has a account Lawrence Biegelsen Senior Analyst at Wells Fargo Wells Fargo NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Sell side equity research analyst covering medical supplies and devices. Highlights Experience Senior Medical Device Equity Research Analyst Company Name Wells Fargo Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 3 mos Location NYC Medical Device Analyst Senior Medical Device Analyst Company Name Prudential Securities Dates Employed May 2005 – Mar 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location NYC Associate Pharmaceutical Analyst Company Name Prudential Securities Dates Employed Mar 2002 – May 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location NYC Associate Director Company Name Merck Dates Employed 1995 – 2002 Employment Duration 7 yrs Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 Tulane University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1987 Featured Skills & Endorsements Medical Devices See 25 endorsements for Medical Devices 25 Medical Devices Endorsed by Ann Schulte, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Lawrence’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cardiovascular Medical Devices Group 53,574 members Wells Fargo 569,446 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,952 followers Tulane University 74,922 followers Medical Device Guru 62,725 members Tulane University 78,937 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anand has a account Anand Swaminathan Equity Research Analyst at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, ASEAN Financials Bank of America Merrill Lynch Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta Singapore 478 478 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Singapore Equity Research Analyst covering the ASEAN Financials sector Equity Research Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 10 yrs 2 mos Location Singapore Equity Research analyst covering Financials and Healthcare sectors- Singapore & HK Banks- ASEAN Hospitals- Singapore small and mid caps Summer Intern - Investment Analyst Company Name Roulac Group Dates Employed Apr 2005 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 3 mos Equity analysis of Indian and Global companies for Place StrategySector AnalysisCountry Analysis Software Developer Company Name Trilogy Dates Employed 2002 – 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Bengaluru Area, India Education Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta Degree Name Post Graduate Diploma in Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Asian Intitute of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Student Exchange Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2005 College of Engineering, Guindy, Anna University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Activities and Societies: Chairman, Computer Science and Engineering Association Skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis Financial Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Regional Banks Regional Banks Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Amit Arora Vice President at Accolite March 17, 2005, Amit worked with Anand in different groups I worked with Anand for about 2 years at Trilogy. Anand was extremely knowledgable about the technical details, and acted as the mainstay for one of Trilogy's falgship products. He performed exceptionally well on multiple other projects. He brings the right balance of business and technical skills to the table. I highly recommend him. Sandeep Ray Enterprise Product Strategist & Advisor February 28, 2005, Sandeep managed Anand directly Anand brings in a mature pragmatic approach to software development. Besides being quite comfortable with various technologies, his significant strength is his ability to assimilate them with the right design decisions. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Anand has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Analyst Awards Interests Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta 42,959 followers Asian Institute of Management 11,879 followers Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta 38,682 followers Credit Suisse 453,194 followers Asian Institute of Management 15,439 followers Guindy Engineering College Alumni 1,980 members See all See all following
More Actions Yan has a account Yan Lager, CFA Vice President, Equity Research Analyst at Franklin Templeton Investments Franklin Templeton Investments, Franklin Equity Group Fordham University Greater New York City Area 235 235 connections Send InMail Over 10 years of experience on the buy-side -- equity research and portfolio management focusing on global equity markets. Specialties: Financial statement and industry analysis, model building and detailed valuation work. Coverage areas include global materials, energy, and business services, as well as a generalist on Emerging Markets, focusing on Latin America, Middle East, and African regions. Prior coverage includes global real estate, construction, and consumer discretionary sectors. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Vice President, Equity Research Analyst Company Name Franklin Templeton Investments, Franklin Equity Group Dates Employed Apr 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Buy-side long-only equity analyst covering global large cap materials, energy, and business services sectors. Prior coverage included global property, construction, and consumer discretionary sectors, as well as a generalist for Emerging Markets, focusing on Latin America, Middle East, and Africa regions. Responsible for making investment recommendations based on bottom-up fundamental analysis, involving comprehensive company, industry, and competitive landscape assessment, with a focus on free cash flow generation and business model sustainability, combined with detailed financial and valuation modeling. Possess a proven track record of successful investment recommendations contributing to the long-term outperformance of the team's investment products. Portfolio Management Associate Company Name AllianceBernstein, Alliance Capital Management Dates Employed Sep 2000 – Apr 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Day-to-day maintenance of institutional portfolios, portfolio management, and equity research Assistant Vice President Company Name Gabelli Asset Management Dates Employed Jun 1998 – Sep 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Day-to-day portfolio and client management of high-net-worth and institutional accounts. Financial advisory services and business development. Education Fordham University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 College of Mount Saint Vincent Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Finance, Math Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Activities and Societies: Volleyball Team, Tennis Team, Ski Club, Student Government Graduated Summa Cum Laude Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 10 endorsements for Equity Research 10 Equity Research Endorsed by Debbie Bobovnikova, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Yan’s colleagues at AB Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 9 endorsements for Valuation 9 Valuation Endorsed by John Mussery, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 9 endorsements for Investments 9 Investments Endorsed by John Mussery, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (8) Maria Lernerman, CFA Buy-side Global Equity Research Analyst | Fundamental research | Financial modeling | Idea generation June 8, 2011, Yan worked with Maria in the same group I have known Yan for several years. He's intelligent, thoughtful, and extraordinary well-versed in an unbelievable multitude of topics. Meanwhile, his friendly demeanor and willingness to help make it a pleasure to be around him. This posting expresses my own personal opinion. It is not endorsed by Franklin Templeton Investments nor does it represent FTI information or viewpoints. Fernando Torres-Torija Senior Investment Officer at United Nations Joint staff Pension Fund October 11, 2010, Fernando was a client of Yan’s “Through three years of dedicated and diligent service to the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund, Yan Lager’s emerging market recommendations have added considerable alpha to the overall performance of the UNJSPF Emerging Market Fund. Yan’s recommendation quality and breadth continues to consistently exceed expectations in security, sector, and country selection. Among the most notable security recommendations were within in the Egyptian banking and Mexican Homebuilding industries while from the macro-perspective highlighting an overweight in the Mexican Peso and Global EM Consumer Sector.” View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Tanya Levy-Odom Executive Director, Investor Relations at Time Inc. March 29, 2012, Yan worked with Tanya in different groups Tanya has always shown incredible professionalism and work ethic. I have always valued Tanya's ideas and guidance. This posting expresses my own personal opinion. It is not endorsed by Franklin Templeton Investments nor does it represent FTI information or viewpoints Adam Phillips Senior Multi-Asset Specialist at UNJSPF June 8, 2011, Adam was a client of Yan’s Adam's quick mind, relentless work ethic, and deep knowledge of Emerging Markets makes him an incredibly valuable resource. I am proud and honored to be associated with him in our work for the UN Joint Pension Fund. This posting expresses my own personal opinion. It is not endorsed by Franklin Templeton Investments nor does it represent FTI information or viewpoints. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Yan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Russian Interests Fordham University 93,967 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Portfolio Managers, Research, Capital Markets & Consulting Professionals 23,867 members Fordham Gabelli School of Business Alumni 7,128 members College of Mount Saint Vincent 6,914 followers John BurnsJohn Burns is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at John Burns Real Estate Consulting and Owner, John Burns Real Estate Consulting 576,248 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gary has a account Gary Nuschler, Jr. Oil & Gas CFO Rooster Energy Ltd. University of New Orleans Houston, Texas Area 77 77 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Chief Financial Officer Company Name Rooster Energy Ltd. Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Houston, Texas Area 2013-2015• Hired by Rooster as Vice President to manage all Finance and Investor Relations functions• Built internal corporate model that assesses: 1) production and cash flow forecasts; 2) capital budgets and liquidity constraints; 3) current hedge portfolio; and 4) long-term NAV scenarios• Completed due diligence for two service-related acquisitions, including analysis of historical financials, review of decommissioning contract backlog, and evaluation of external customer list• Valued the two companies utilizing several approaches: 1) publicly-traded peer company valuation metrics; 2) comparable acquisition & divestiture transaction metrics; 3) third party appraisal of the hard assets; and 4) sensitivity analysis used to derive a risk-adjusted valuation of the decommissioning backlog • Managed all financial and operational discussions related to the high yield offering circular• Assumed responsibility for the annual audit following the death of CFO in March, 2015• Promoted to Chief Financial Officer in September, 20152016-2017• Responsible for all accounting and finance activities for a publicly-traded oil & gas company comprised of an exploration and production segment and a well intervention and decommissioning services segment• Coordinate with the segment managers to generate annual budgets, including planned capital expenditures, revenue and expense forecasts, and operating income targets, and continuously monitor actual performance• Supervise all Canadian Securities Administrators reporting requirements, including quarterly financial statements, management discussion & analysis, and oil & gas reserves disclosures• Monitor the company’s ongoing liquidity constraints and manage working capital accordingly2017 (Debt Restructuring)• Management team successfully negotiated a term sheet that restructures the terms of the senior debt• Provided all cash flow forecasts, liquidity analyses, and covenant sensitivities used to negotiate term sheet VP - Corporate Finance Company Name Sunrise Securities Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Houston, Texas Area • Oversaw analytical process for Sunrise Energy Investment Banking, including financial advisory, mergers & acquisitions, debtor-in possession, private equity finance, and equity offerings• Custom-designed IRR and ROI models for private equity capital raises, integrating field-by-field engineering reports and designing type curve-driven models for a variety of capital deployment scenarios• Coordinated buy-side due diligence efforts, which included which included aggregating a wide variety of company documents (reserve reports, joint operating agreements, lease operating statements, gas settlement statements, etc.) and managing data rooms• Managed the international E&P universe database (1,300 companies), focusing on valuation, risk and upside, and evaluating the most attractive buy-out candidates • Managed an inventory of models for E&P companies operating in a wide variety of oil & gas basins, including unconventional shales, the Gulf of Mexico and international plays• Worked on a wide variety of deals including:• Advised the Board of Directors of Parallel Petroleum, a conventional E&P company operating in the Permian Basin, on its sale to Apollo Global Management for $483 million (2009)• Advised Cubic Energy on its sale of an operated working interest in acreage in the Haynesville Shale in exchange for a $31 million prepaid credit applied to future drilling (2009)• Raised $50 million for Alamo Resources, a conventional E&P company operating in the Permian Basin, via a line of equity with Kayne Anderson (2010)• Secured $100 million of private equity financing for Novus Exploration to acquire acreage in the Marcellus Shale from Tenaska with Lime Rock Partners (2011, seller ultimately rejected offer)• Advised Rooster Energy on its reverse takeover of Probe Resources, and participated in $21 million public equity financing used to fund drilling activities in the Gulf of Mexico (2012) VP - Equity Research Analyst Company Name Jefferies & Company Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Houston, Texas Area • Assumed coverage of 15 E&P stocks from David Adams, which included companies of all market caps• Rationalized coverage to focus largely on the Gulf of Mexico, South Texas, and Permian Basin• Developed earnings and NAV models for a variety of E&P companies, including recreating PV-10 models and adjusting the embedded assumptions• Further enhanced models by downloading actual historical production data from official state websites, as well as the Mineral Management Service (MMS)• Coordinated non-deal road shows for ten companies• Organized a Jefferies-sponsored field trip to the Barnett Shale with Parallel Petroleum• Coordinated a bus tour in conjunction with the NAPE Expo, visiting seven companies operating in various unconventional gas plays (Haynesville, Marcellus, Woodford, Pinedale) VP - Equity Research Analyst Company Name Sanders Morris Harris Dates Employed Jun 2001 – May 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Houston, Texas Area • Lead analyst following offshore-related sectors in the oilfield service industry• Officially covered six offshore drillers and two offshore support vessel contractors• Supported Robert Ford’s efforts covering the oilfield macro, service contractors and land drillers• Compiled databases covering a variety of areas, from seismic crew counts to subsea tree data• Wrote company and industry reports, including an outlook for deep shelf drilling in 2003• Marketed research across the United States in one-on-one meetings with institutional investors• Coordinated a client bus tour during the Offshore Technology Conference (OTC) in 2004 Education University of New Orleans Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Finance, General Grade 3.5 Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Beta Gamma Sigma, National Honor Society Member of the Financial Management Association Named to Dean’s List while earning a 4.0 GPA in each of my four final semesters; received the Walton T. Wilford Memorial Scholarship for academic achievement; studied Austrian economic theory at the Ludwig von Mises Institute (1999) Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Finance See 5 endorsements for Corporate Finance 5 Corporate Finance Endorsed by 2 of Gary’s colleagues at Sanders Morris Harris Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 5 endorsements for Valuation 5 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Gary’s colleagues at Jefferies Click and drag to reorder skills Due Diligence See 4 endorsements for Due Diligence 4 Due Diligence Endorsed by 2 of Gary’s colleagues at Sanders Morris Harris Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of New Orleans 53,678 followers University of New Orleans 52,182 followers Louisiana State University 171,248 followers Sunrise Securities 159 followers Heidrick & Struggles 110,949 followers Louisiana State University 177,738 followers
More Actions Robert S. has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Robert S. Peck, CFA Head of Global Internet Investment Banking - Credit Suisse Credit Suisse Columbia Business School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections InMail Robert Peck has been covering technology for over 20 years. He is currently the Head of Global Internet Investment Banking at Credit Suisse. Previously, led Internet equity research at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey and Bear Stearns. He also led TMT research at Baron Funds for 3 years and was a partner in boutique investment bank, CoRise. CNBC, Bloomberg, WSJ Live and other media channels utilize Robert extensively on TV and radio to provide analysis and commentary on the sector including sector trends, earnings and IPOs. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Head of Global Internet Investment Banking Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Managing Director - Internet Equity Analyst Company Name SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location New York, New York Robert was Managing Director at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey where he led the internet equity analyst team and covered companies such as Facebook, Amazon, and Google. CNBC, Fox Business News, Bloomberg, WSJ Live and other media channels utilized Robert extensively on TV and radio to provide analysis and commentary on the sector including earnings and IPOs. President & Partner Company Name CoRise Co., LLC Dates Employed May 2011 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location NYC President of CoRise Co., LLC, a Merchant Bank focused on innovation / disruptive technologies in digital media. The CoRise model brings together principal and advisory activities to apply insight, analysis, and execution across the enterprise lifecycle—from startup to funded growth and maturity. The company's three core services, Investment Banking, Industry Research, and Strategic Equity, augment, enhance and leverage each other to the combined benefit of clients, investors and entrepreneurs. Media (1) This position has 1 media Why the future lies in "second screen" technology by Robert Peck Why the future lies in "second screen" technology by Robert Peck This media is a link Senior Technology / Internet Equity Analyst Company Name Baron Capital Dates Employed Jun 2008 – May 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs Proposed and implemented investments across the $20B in assets under management onInternet, technology, and media stocks. *Provided advice to public and private companies on strategy and implementation.*Advised on valuation and positioning for potential public companies.*Companies invested in include: LinkedIn, Amazon, Google, Apple, BlueNile, VMWare, Citrix, Expedia, Priceline.com, TechTarget, VistaPrint, GSI Commerce, AOL, and ARM.*Liaised with industry leaders, and establish relationships with other leading thought leaders. Sr. Managing Director - Internet Equity Analyst Company Name Bear Stearns Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Proposed investment recommendations to Institutional clients on Internet stocks including: eBay, Google, Yahoo!, Amazon, Baidu, Interactive Corp, Expedia, and others.*Formed the company's vision of the Internet with an in-depth analysis on the industry's trends,competition, valuation analysis, and the impending changes in Internet, Media, and Telecom. See more positions Education Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Dean's List Investment Management Club Cluster President Lafayette College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics; Investments and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 43 endorsements for Valuation 43 Valuation Endorsed by Alden Mahabir and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Robert S.’s colleagues at Baron Capital Group, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 33 endorsements for Financial Modeling 33 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Alden Mahabir and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Robert S.’s colleagues at Bear Stearns Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 29 endorsements for Equities 29 Equities Endorsed by Robert Passarella and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Robert S.’s colleagues at Bear Stearns Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Dan Slagen CMO & GTM at Alignable April 25, 2014, Dan was a client of Robert S.’s Dan is one of the most knowledgeable people I know on social media and digital advertising. He has a deep understanding of the market and is well liked throughout the community. I always enjoy working with Dan and would higly recommend him.Bob Peck David Dalka Global CEO, CFO, CXO & Board Advisor, Business Keynote Speaker, Growth & Corporate Governance Expert, Executive Retreats June 4, 2008, Robert S. worked with David in different groups David has been a great sounding board across a broad range of Internet business related topics and is very well informed with particular insight.....I think David would be a sound asset to any firm looking to navigate the online environment. Accomplishments Robert S. has 120 publications 99+ Expand publications section Publications CNBC - Reviewing the TWTR Board Meeting CNBC -Twitter Takeout? CNBC - 2Q '16 Amazon and Google Earnings CNBC - 2Q '16 Facebook Earnings CNBC - Twitter 2Q '16 Earnings CNBC - NetFlix 2Q Review CNBC - NFLX & YHOO 2Q 2016 Earnings CNBC - Yahoo and Twitter Downgrades CNBC - Tech Trends for 2H 2016 CNBC - Twitter Sale in 2017? Interests Upstream Group 1,680 members Paul KedroskyPaul Kedrosky is a LinkedIn Influencer Investor. 69,823 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,242,242 followers Adam LashinskyAdam Lashinsky is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Editor, Fortune 155,058 followers Jason BinnJason Binn is a LinkedIn Influencer DuJour & Niche Media Founder; Chief Advisor GILT.COM and InList; Editor Wireimage/Getty 71,847 followers Jim CramerJim Cramer is a LinkedIn Influencer Investment Pro and Media Personality 478,065 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gabe has a account Gabe Hilmoe Equity Analyst at Heitman Real Estate Securites Heitman Real Estate Securities University of Iowa - Henry B. Tippie College of Business Chicago, Illinois 455 455 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name Heitman Real Estate Securities Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Chicago Commercial Real Estate Equity Analyst Company Name Evercore ISI Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Commercial Real Estate Equity Research Analyst Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Location New York, New York Maintain primary coverage of 19 office, industrial and data center REITs as a publishing Senior Analyst on an Institutional Investor ranked teamProvide corporate access to institutional clients in the form of property tours, CEO roundtable dinners, industry conference meetings and commercial real estate broker luncheonsActively participate in the management of an internal long-only REIT model portfolio (UBS US Select REIT Portfolio) resulting in over 500bps of outperformance to the FTSE Equity REIT Index since inception in June 2011Provide short-term long/short recommendations to the firm’s internal research driven fund (UBS Alpha Preferences)Perform due diligence and vetting on potential and in-process investment banking transactions Real Estate Equity Research Associate Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location New York, New York Covered 18 publically traded Retail and Self Storage REITs, providing research and investment recommendations to internal sales/trading staff and external clientsResponsible for modeling and valuation tasks related to covered companies as well as creation of sector and company specific reports regarding emerging industry trends, incremental news/quarterly earnings results, commercial real estate demand drivers, and the cost and availability of capitalAnalyzed industry operating metrics, transactional data, and financing trends significant to the REIT industry; interpreting results into actionable investment decisions for clients Associate Consultant/Project Lead Company Name Mercer Consulting Dates Employed May 2005 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Acted as financial consultant to state managed healthcare programs providing health plan reimbursement and program design expertiseDeveloped quantitative models and provided analytical support to clients regarding calculations of government-sponsored healthcare premiums; explained managed care premium rate development models and interpreted premium calculationsProject manager on multiple state contracts providing valuation training and support to develop team member modeling skills and competencies in premium valuation See more positions Education University of Iowa - Henry B. Tippie College of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Investments and Securities, Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Healthcare Equity Analyst, Henry Fund, January 2008 – December 2009 Contracted by the University of Iowa Foundation to value a real estate and mineral rights subsidiary presenting a fair value opinion and potential exit strategies University of St. Thomas Degree Name B.A Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Investment Banking See 5 endorsements for Investment Banking 5 Investment Banking Jacob Richmann and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 4 endorsements for Financial Modeling 4 Financial Modeling Jacob Richmann and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 3 endorsements for Financial Analysis 3 Financial Analysis Jacob Richmann and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of St. Thomas 68,855 followers UBS 456,538 followers University of St. Thomas 66,104 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members M & A /Investment Banking Recruiters 15,487 members University of Iowa Tippie College of Business 20,809 followers See all See all following
More Actions Spencer has a account Spencer Bogart, CFA Bitcoin & Blockchain Venture Capital Blockchain Capital LLC University of California, Santa Barbara San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I'm the Head of Research at Blockchain Capital where I do venture investment research on companies in the Bitcoin/Blockchain space. Formerly on the Internet Equity Research team at investment bank Needham & Company where I led the firm's research efforts in all things bitcoin and blockchain. I conducted fundamental investment research and analysis of companies in those industries as well as the broader Internet Marketplaces and FinTech industries. We regularly published in-depth investment research on the markets and the companies within them. Also an unofficial matchmaker for bitcoin companies. Always interested in hearing from companies in the space. I am a CFA charter holder and have passed the Series 7, Series 63, and Series 87 exams. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Spencer’s Activity 1,744 followers Token Summit I - Show and Tell - Civic with Vinny Lingham Spencer liked Truly phenomenal opportunities at some of our portfolio companies - Let me know if you're a Product Manager that's considering a new gig and you're enthusiastic about Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other crypto-assets. Spencer shared this See all activity Experience Managing Director, Head of Research Company Name Blockchain Capital LLC Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location San Francisco, California Vice President Equity Research Company Name Needham & Company Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area • Led the firm’s research efforts in all things Bitcoin• Published comprehensive investment reports on the risks, opportunities, and outlook for Bitcoin• Established strategic relationships with key stakeholders throughout the Bitcoin industry including developers, VCs, startups, founders, and investors. • Hosted annual and quarterly events to connect Bitcoin companies, investors, and stakeholders• Modeled forward-looking financials for companies under coverage in Internet and SaaS industries.• Published analysis on material developments (quarterly earnings, acquisitions, industry news) for select high-growth Internet and Software companies. Analyst Company Name ETF.com Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location San Francisco • Developed extensive writing experience authoring research papers and reports• Modeled, monitored, and analysed global capital markets to produce insightful analysis• Consulted and advised institutional and retail clients in regards to investment liquidity, exposure, and due diligence• Moderated expert panels and discussions at ETF.com conferences Hedge Fund Summer Analyst Company Name SFG Asset Advisors Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area • Conducted the hedge fund manager due diligence process• Computed statistical analysis for potential hedge fund investments• Monitored all current investments’ performance, exposures, and market positioning Education University of California, Santa Barbara Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Business Economics Activities and Societies: BA Business Economics, Executive Vice President- Student Entrepreneurs Association (08-09), VP of Recruiting- Student Entrepreneurs Association (07-08), Member Finance Connection @ UCSB, Member Santa Barbara Investment Association, Participant- Education Abroad Program- Netherlands, Member- Sigma Phi Epsilon Fraternity Archbishop Mitty Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 30 endorsements for Investments 30 Investments Endorsed by 美国加州洛杉矶千万房地产经纪✔Leon Liang and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Spencer’s colleagues at ETF.com Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 27 endorsements for Equities 27 Equities Endorsed by Alex Tapscott and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Spencer’s colleagues at ETF.com Click and drag to reorder skills Economics See 26 endorsements for Economics 26 Economics Endorsed by 2 of Spencer’s colleagues at ETF.com Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Jon Russell Director, ETF Operations at FactSet June 6, 2013, Jon worked with Spencer in the same group Jon balances priorities and objectives between multiple teams and offices and ensures that objectives are met in a timely fashion and routinely beats quality expectations. Gary Glass Board Member | Startup Advisor @ Techstars, DEC and LaunchpadCity | VC Scout | Bringing Global Brands together w/ Influencer Marketing in VR & 360 Video March 9, 2009, Spencer worked with Gary in different groups Gary is a dedicated, naturally intelligent individual. As a colleague, every customer of his that I encountered was very satisfied with his work. Gary is also a great team player that communicates effectively and produces results that exceed expectations in any environment. Outside of the team, Gary is a standout individual who I enjoyed spending time with on a day-to-day basis. Accomplishments Spencer has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications CFA Series 63 Series 7 Series 87 Interests Blockchain Technology Services 39 followers ETF Network (Exchange Traded Funds and Exchange Traded Products) 13,383 members Cowen and Company 5,939 followers Hedgy 162 followers Winklevoss Capital 878 followers Insight Capital Research & Management 235 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephen S. has a account Stephen S. Kim Senior Managing Director at Evercore ISI Evercore ISI Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania Greater New York City Area 185 185 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Managing Director Company Name Evercore ISI Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Homebuilding and Building Products, Equity Research Equity Research - Homebuilding and Building Products Company Name Barclays Capital Dates Employed May 2011 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area On garden leave until September 2016, after which I will join Evercore ISI. Associate PM - Global Real Estate Company Name Alpine Woods Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Purchase, NY Managing Director, Equity Research Company Name Citi Dates Employed Mar 2001 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Education Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania Degree Name Bachelor's degree Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 9 endorsements for Equity Research 9 Equity Research Margaret Whelan and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 5 endorsements for Equities 5 Equities Margaret Whelan and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 4 endorsements for Capital Markets 4 Capital Markets Endorsed by Margaret Whelan, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Stephen S. has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards I.I. 2016 All-America Research First Team I.I. 2015 All-America Research Second Team I.I. 2014 All-America Research Second Team I.I. 2013 All-America Research Third Team Interests The Wharton School 185,678 followers The Wharton School 158,697 followers Barclays Investment Bank 255,079 followers
More Actions Ravi has a account Ravi Pamnani Healthcare Technology Innovation Medical Devices Stanford University Palo Alto, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Passionate about creating innovative technologies to improve healthcare. Focused on early-stage medical device product development, with specialties in clinical need identification, early technology feasibility, and new market development. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Ravi’s Activity 1,621 followers After 8+ years at Niveus I'll be a free agent next month and am beginning to think about what's next. If you're looking for someone like me feel free to reach out to chat. Ravi liked For my 10 year Anniversary with HealthLink Europe & International our Co-Founders showed their appreciation with an awesome watch and flowers! I Love that these guys appreciate their employees and take the time to to show it! Thank you Rick Hughes Joost Van Den Heuvel Paul Smits. I enjoyed working in the Netherlands office with you and our amazing team! Ravi liked miLoop cataract technology in the fight against cataract blindness: fellow eye surgeons Drs. Koo and Lee could not be happier that IANTECH provided access to the miLoop technology for their Mexico cataract mission.... using the most advanced micro-interventional technology to deliver first class humanitarian surgical care... awesome! Ravi liked Innovating for sight: new paradigms on the horizon.... https://lnkd.in/d9RabSC Ravi liked Digital Marketing in MedTech - Evolving the Approach from a Needle-in-a-Haystack into a Stack-of-Needles Ravi commented Farewell Global Fellows: Our Global Faculty in Training and Singapore-Stanford Biodesign Fellows presented final projects, thanked mentors, and celebrated their Biodesign journey. Ian Mathews, Rodrigo Bornhausen Demarch, Hirofumi Taki, Yizhe Wu , Ee Lim Tan, Mark Chong, Rie Tomizawa, Kenath Priyanka Prasad, Ph.D. Ravi liked See all activity Experience Product/R&D Company Name Medical Devices Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Director, Marketing & Medical Affairs Company Name Transcend Medical Dates Employed Jan 2012 – May 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Menlo Park, CA In Feb 2016, Transcend Medical was acquired by Alcon, the global leader in eyecare (a division of Novartis).• Director, Marketing and Medical Affairs (Jan 2015 - May 2016)• Sr. Manager, Marketing and Medical Affairs (Feb 2013 - Dec 2014)• Marketing Manager (Jan 2012 – Jan 2013) Project Associate Company Name ExploraMed Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Mountain View, CA Intern Company Name Advanced Technology Ventures Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Palo Alto, CA Sr. R&D Engineer Company Name Guidant Corporation / MAQUET Cardiovascular Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Santa Clara, CA In 2008, Guidant's Cardiac Surgery division was acquired by MAQUET Cardiovascular.• Sr. R&D Engineer (Sep 2009 - Jun 2010)• R&D Engineer (Jun 2005 - Sep 2009) Education Stanford University Degree Name Eberhard Grube Innovation Fellow Field Of Study Biodesign Program Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Stanford University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Management Science and Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 • Honors Cooperative Program (part-time)• Track: Organizations, Technology, and Entrepreneurship Stanford University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Stanford Student Biodesign, Pilipino American Student Union Volunteer Experience Secretary, Policy Chair, and IT guy Company Name Stanford Biodesign Alumni Association Dates volunteered Jun 2011 – Jul 2014 Volunteer duration 3 yrs 2 mos Cause Science and Technology Mentor Company Name BUILD Dates volunteered Sep 2006 – Jun 2010 Volunteer duration 3 yrs 10 mos Cause Education • Helping to inspire underserved youth to stay in school and go to college through entrepreneurship Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Development See 80 endorsements for Product Development 80 Product Development Endorsed by Tom Oliver and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Ravi’s colleagues at Transcend Medical Click and drag to reorder skills Medical Devices See 65 endorsements for Medical Devices 65 Medical Devices Endorsed by Partha Ray and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ravi’s colleagues at Transcend Medical Click and drag to reorder skills R&D See 40 endorsements for R&D 40 R&D Gaura Kapuria and 39 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Junta Koshimizu VIT Care at Varian Medical Systems May 2, 2017, Ravi was Junta’s mentor Junta has been a close friend for almost my entire life. He is caring, polite, and has a great sense of humor. His passion for his work is clear when you spend just a few minutes with him. But more importantly, he is always very considerate toward his colleagues, friends, and family. Junta is also punctual and responsive, always getting back to me and never dropping the ball. I highly recommend Junta for any customer facing role. Accomplishments Ravi has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Interests Spirox, Inc. 1,026 followers Novartis 1,028,128 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,942,917 followers Maquet Getinge Group 28,508 followers BMR Medical Ltda 1,674 followers Miles D. WhiteMiles D. White is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at Abbott 121,371 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kerry has a account Kerry Rice Managing Director, Senior Equity Analyst Internet and Digital Media at Needham and Company Needham & Company Southern Methodist University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Kerry’s Activity 558 followers ClassPass secures $70 million Series C led by Temasek Kerry liked HelloSign raises $16 million so you can stop signing paper documents Kerry liked See all activity Experience Managing Director, Senior Analyst, Internet and Digital Media Company Name Needham & Company Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area • Constructing Consumer Internet coverage universe on adtech, e-commerce platforms, search, social, and content • Developing proprietary analysis to determine the performance of companies under coverage • Developing and maintaining proprietary network of industry contacts to identify trends and catalysts • Developing relationships with buyside accounts, including receiving votes from top accounts for recommendations • Building financial models to support investments recommendations • Utilizing accounting background to identify potential irregularities and under valued assets • Organize and host panels at Needham Growth and Internet and Digital Media Conferences • Author of investment notes and reports on industry trends, relevant news events, including quarterly earnings reports Vice President, Equity Analyst Internet and Media Technologies Company Name Wedbush Morgan Securities Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos • Constructed Internet coverage universe on content delivery networks, web analytics, e-commerce platforms, search, and content Senior Associate Analyst Company Name Pacific Growth Equities Dates Employed 2004 – 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs Analyst Company Name Braven Capital Dates Employed 2003 – 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr Associate Analyst Company Name JP Morgan Chase Dates Employed 2000 – 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs See more positions Education Southern Methodist University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1998 Southern Methodist University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Sigma Chi Fraternity Southern Methodist University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 24 endorsements for Financial Modeling 24 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Shawn Rassouli and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kerry’s colleagues at Needham & Company Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 19 endorsements for Valuation 19 Valuation Endorsed by Betsy Van Hees and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kerry’s colleagues at Needham & Company Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 18 endorsements for Investments 18 Investments Endorsed by Arland Petersen and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Kerry’s colleagues at Wedbush Securities Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Erik Randerson, CFA Accomplished Investor Relations (IR) Leader | Seeking Corporate IR or Investment Management IR / Client Relations Role October 7, 2016, Kerry worked with Erik but at different companies I have worked with Erik while he was at Rubicon Project, Conversant, and even back to his days at Tekelec and he has always been thoughtful and responsive. He thoroughly understands the companies he works at and provides meaningful insight to the Street, which translates into great relationships not only with sell-side analysts, but also shareholders. Accomplishments Kerry has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Zillow 47,207 followers Jesse ToprakJesse Toprak is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO, CarHub.com 98,595 followers Angie HicksAngie Hicks is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CMO at Angie's List 71,656 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,242,247 followers Tod SacerdotiTod Sacerdoti is a LinkedIn Influencer VP, Display & Video Ad Products at Yahoo! 78,750 followers Streaming Media Magazine 2,898 members See all See all following
More Actions Atul has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Atul Pandit Experienced Investment/Financial Analyst, actively seeking opportunities in equities and other related analytical roles Vantage Securities Pty Ltd CFA Institute Monterey, New South Wales, Australia 492 492 connections InMail An Australian permanent resident with full working rights. My previous roles - An Equity Research Analyst conducting fundamentals based research involving financial modelling, valuations, report writing, client presentations, company & industry analysis. Also adept at client handling (both Institutional and Retail); presenting clear & concise reports under strict time deadlines; due diligence on company internals and effectively communicating verbally and in writing with various stakeholders of the working environment. Specialised in small and mid-cap companies across sectors like Micro Finance, Information Technology, Banks & FIs, Retail, Media and others. Passionate about equity markets with penchant for continuous learning. Also interested in exploring the behavioural aspects of Investing. I would be very keen to perform other related analytical roles in the financial services space. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Atul’s Activity 491 followers 14 Questions a True Financial Advisor Answers Atul liked A Sneak Peek into whats coming at Indian Investing Conclave 2017. Registrations open | https://lnkd.in/fd577TK #IIC2017 #7daystogo Atul liked Utkarsh’s photo Atul commented Never overlook the good in a bad situation. Zig Ziglar Atul liked The power of going global Atul liked Amazon did not kill the retail industry. They did it to itself with bad customer service. Netflix did not kill Blockbuster. They did it to itself with ridiculous late fees. Uber did not kill the taxi business. They did it to itself with limited the number of taxis and fare control. Apple did not kill the music industry. They did it to itself by forcing people to buy full-length albums. Airbnb did not kill the hotel industry. They did it to itself with limited availability and pricing options. Technology by itself is not the real disruptor. Being non-customer centric is the biggest threat to any business. #copied Atul liked See all activity Experience Research Analyst Company Name Vantage Securities Pty Ltd Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Pune Area, India My key responsibilities involve analysing IT, Banking, Consumer discretionary and Media companies (mainly in the mid & small cap space) from a fundamental bottom up approach along with preparing detailed financial models (like DCF) and research reports/PPT's and presenting them to Institutional clients like Mutual Funds and Life Insurance Cos etc. My role also involves actively tracking Industry trends & developments and financials of Large cap companies in respective industries/sectors for peer comparison and relative valuation. Providing individuals/HNI clients with Portfolio Management Services (current AUM in the region of USD40mn in the wealth advisory services) with a view to limit the downside and create wealth over the long term time horizon. Research Associate Company Name Systematix Shares & Stocks (I) Ltd. Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Similar roles and responsibilities as in my latest job. Core focus was on the Institutional clients. Equity Research Associate Company Name Reliance Money Pty Limited Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Similar roles and responsibilities with focus on Retail clients and super HNI clients. Providing individuals and HNI clients with Portfolio Management Services. Research Analyst Company Name Capital Metrics and Risk Solutions Pty Ltd Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Pune Area, India Similar roles and responsibilities as in my latest job with emphasis on PMS activities and independent research (as opposed to a brokerage) to individuals and foreign individual investors. Junior Financial Analyst Company Name Credit Pointe Pty Ltd Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Pune Area, India Responsible for researching and analyzing fundamental data for global companies to build financial models and understanding impact of company's historical results. Gathering market and business data using external and internal research sources such as Factiva, Capital IQ and Reuters. Performing and enhancing quality control procedures on all data. Working closely with Credit Risk Analysts to understand key business issues and incorporate them in research deliverable. Education CFA Institute Degree Name CFA Field Of Study Finance and Investment Grade Level 1 Candidate ICFAI University Field Of Study Chartered Financial Analyst (ICFAI) Symbiosis College of Arts and Commerce Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Commerce Grade First Class Volunteer Experience Course Marshal Company Name MS Walk + Fun Run, Sydney Dates volunteered Apr 2017 – Apr 2017 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Health Fund raising for patients grappling with Multiple Sclerosis. It was a marathon event to help MS society spread awareness about the disease. Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 13 endorsements for Equity Research 13 Equity Research Endorsed by 3 of Atul’s colleagues at CapMetrics Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modeling 6 Financial Modeling Tanul Shankushal and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 6 endorsements for Portfolio Management 6 Portfolio Management Anand Nandedkar and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Skillmax_NSW AMES 138 followers Career Breakthrough Forum 681 members Kaizen Recruitment 2,659 followers The Australian 181,944 followers Naomi SimsonNaomi Simson is a LinkedIn Influencer Speaker, Entrepreneur, Author, Shark Tank Australia, Blogger: Join.NaomiSimson.com 1,945,669 followers Alex MalleyAlex Malley is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief executive at CPA Australia 527,377 followers See all See all following
More Actions Zoe has a account Zoe Chow Equity Analyst at RS Investments RS Investments Singapore 159 159 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name RS Investments Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Equity Analyst Company Name Principal Global Investors Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Singapore Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests RS Investments 4,647 followers Global Financial Markets 31,552 members Singapore Asset Management 3,689 members
More Actions Stephen S. has a account Stephen S. Kim Senior Managing Director at Evercore ISI Evercore ISI Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania Greater New York City Area 185 185 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Managing Director Company Name Evercore ISI Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Homebuilding and Building Products, Equity Research Equity Research - Homebuilding and Building Products Company Name Barclays Capital Dates Employed May 2011 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area On garden leave until September 2016, after which I will join Evercore ISI. Associate PM - Global Real Estate Company Name Alpine Woods Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Purchase, NY Managing Director, Equity Research Company Name Citi Dates Employed Mar 2001 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Education Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania Degree Name Bachelor's degree Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 9 endorsements for Equity Research 9 Equity Research Margaret Whelan and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 5 endorsements for Equities 5 Equities Margaret Whelan and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 4 endorsements for Capital Markets 4 Capital Markets Endorsed by Margaret Whelan, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Stephen S. has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards I.I. 2016 All-America Research First Team I.I. 2015 All-America Research Second Team I.I. 2014 All-America Research Second Team I.I. 2013 All-America Research Third Team Interests The Wharton School 185,678 followers The Wharton School 158,697 followers Barclays Investment Bank 255,079 followers
More Actions Kerry has a account Kerry Rice Managing Director, Senior Equity Analyst Internet and Digital Media at Needham and Company Needham & Company Southern Methodist University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Kerry’s Activity 558 followers ClassPass secures $70 million Series C led by Temasek Kerry liked HelloSign raises $16 million so you can stop signing paper documents Kerry liked See all activity Experience Managing Director, Senior Analyst, Internet and Digital Media Company Name Needham & Company Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area • Constructing Consumer Internet coverage universe on adtech, e-commerce platforms, search, social, and content • Developing proprietary analysis to determine the performance of companies under coverage • Developing and maintaining proprietary network of industry contacts to identify trends and catalysts • Developing relationships with buyside accounts, including receiving votes from top accounts for recommendations • Building financial models to support investments recommendations • Utilizing accounting background to identify potential irregularities and under valued assets • Organize and host panels at Needham Growth and Internet and Digital Media Conferences • Author of investment notes and reports on industry trends, relevant news events, including quarterly earnings reports Vice President, Equity Analyst Internet and Media Technologies Company Name Wedbush Morgan Securities Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos • Constructed Internet coverage universe on content delivery networks, web analytics, e-commerce platforms, search, and content Senior Associate Analyst Company Name Pacific Growth Equities Dates Employed 2004 – 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs Analyst Company Name Braven Capital Dates Employed 2003 – 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr Associate Analyst Company Name JP Morgan Chase Dates Employed 2000 – 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs See more positions Education Southern Methodist University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1998 Southern Methodist University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Sigma Chi Fraternity Southern Methodist University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 24 endorsements for Financial Modeling 24 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Shawn Rassouli and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kerry’s colleagues at Needham & Company Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 19 endorsements for Valuation 19 Valuation Endorsed by Betsy Van Hees and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kerry’s colleagues at Needham & Company Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 18 endorsements for Investments 18 Investments Endorsed by Arland Petersen and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Kerry’s colleagues at Wedbush Securities Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Erik Randerson, CFA Accomplished Investor Relations (IR) Leader | Seeking Corporate IR or Investment Management IR / Client Relations Role October 7, 2016, Kerry worked with Erik but at different companies I have worked with Erik while he was at Rubicon Project, Conversant, and even back to his days at Tekelec and he has always been thoughtful and responsive. He thoroughly understands the companies he works at and provides meaningful insight to the Street, which translates into great relationships not only with sell-side analysts, but also shareholders. Accomplishments Kerry has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Public Accountant Interests Real Estate Open Networkers - www.REMCamp.com 57,072 members Geoff YangGeoff Yang is a LinkedIn Influencer Founding partner, Redpoint Ventures 124,703 followers Amazon 2,278,781 followers Yelp 106,421 followers Dan RosensweigDan Rosensweig is a LinkedIn Influencer President and CEO Chegg.com 82,385 followers Pete Asmus' Real Estate Networking Group (Investor Strategies) 695,467 members See all See all following
More Actions Jack has a account Jack Plym Investor / Portfolio Manager J.P. Morgan (Endowments & Foundations Group) Harvard Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Investment Team Lead / Portfolio Manager Company Name J.P. Morgan (Endowments & Foundations Group) Dates Employed 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs Advisory Board Member Company Name Make-A-Wish Foundation of Metro New York Dates Employed 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs Board Member Company Name Boys Hope Girls Hope of New York (formerly Anchor) Dates Employed 2001 – Present Employment Duration 16 yrs Portfolio Manager and Equity Research Analyst Company Name AllianceBernstein Dates Employed 1994 – 2009 Employment Duration 15 yrs Equity Research Analyst Company Name Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Dates Employed 1988 – 1992 Employment Duration 4 yrs Money Management subsidiary Wood, Struthers &amp; Winthrop Education Harvard Business School Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1994 Yale University Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 14 endorsements for Investments 14 Investments Endorsed by Mark Connors and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jack’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 14 endorsements for Equities 14 Equities Endorsed by Chris Toub and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jack’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 11 endorsements for Portfolio Management 11 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Barbara Ryan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jack’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Kevin Lewis Result Oriented. September 24, 2011, Jack was senior to Kevin but didn’t manage directly Kevin does terrific work. He supported our team for 9 years and he was very professional, resolved problems in a timely manner, and always remained calm under pressure. On top of it all, he is a very nice person! Accomplishments Interests Yale University 153,675 followers Yale University Careers 154,365 followers Harvard Business School 336,935 followers Yale University 159,151 followers J.P. Morgan 833,578 followers Make-A-Wish America 35,611 followers See all See all following
More Actions Atul has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Atul Pandit Experienced Investment/Financial Analyst, actively seeking opportunities in equities and other related analytical roles Vantage Securities Pty Ltd CFA Institute Monterey, New South Wales, Australia 492 492 connections InMail An Australian permanent resident with full working rights. My previous roles - An Equity Research Analyst conducting fundamentals based research involving financial modelling, valuations, report writing, client presentations, company & industry analysis. Also adept at client handling (both Institutional and Retail); presenting clear & concise reports under strict time deadlines; due diligence on company internals and effectively communicating verbally and in writing with various stakeholders of the working environment. Specialised in small and mid-cap companies across sectors like Micro Finance, Information Technology, Banks & FIs, Retail, Media and others. Passionate about equity markets with penchant for continuous learning. Also interested in exploring the behavioural aspects of Investing. I would be very keen to perform other related analytical roles in the financial services space. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Atul’s Activity 491 followers 14 Questions a True Financial Advisor Answers Atul liked A Sneak Peek into whats coming at Indian Investing Conclave 2017. Registrations open | https://lnkd.in/fd577TK #IIC2017 #7daystogo Atul liked Utkarsh’s photo Atul commented Never overlook the good in a bad situation. Zig Ziglar Atul liked The power of going global Atul liked Amazon did not kill the retail industry. They did it to itself with bad customer service. Netflix did not kill Blockbuster. They did it to itself with ridiculous late fees. Uber did not kill the taxi business. They did it to itself with limited the number of taxis and fare control. Apple did not kill the music industry. They did it to itself by forcing people to buy full-length albums. Airbnb did not kill the hotel industry. They did it to itself with limited availability and pricing options. Technology by itself is not the real disruptor. Being non-customer centric is the biggest threat to any business. #copied Atul liked See all activity Experience Research Analyst Company Name Vantage Securities Pty Ltd Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Pune Area, India My key responsibilities involve analysing IT, Banking, Consumer discretionary and Media companies (mainly in the mid & small cap space) from a fundamental bottom up approach along with preparing detailed financial models (like DCF) and research reports/PPT's and presenting them to Institutional clients like Mutual Funds and Life Insurance Cos etc. My role also involves actively tracking Industry trends & developments and financials of Large cap companies in respective industries/sectors for peer comparison and relative valuation. Providing individuals/HNI clients with Portfolio Management Services (current AUM in the region of USD40mn in the wealth advisory services) with a view to limit the downside and create wealth over the long term time horizon. Research Associate Company Name Systematix Shares & Stocks (I) Ltd. Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Similar roles and responsibilities as in my latest job. Core focus was on the Institutional clients. Equity Research Associate Company Name Reliance Money Pty Limited Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Similar roles and responsibilities with focus on Retail clients and super HNI clients. Providing individuals and HNI clients with Portfolio Management Services. Research Analyst Company Name Capital Metrics and Risk Solutions Pty Ltd Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Pune Area, India Similar roles and responsibilities as in my latest job with emphasis on PMS activities and independent research (as opposed to a brokerage) to individuals and foreign individual investors. Junior Financial Analyst Company Name Credit Pointe Pty Ltd Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Pune Area, India Responsible for researching and analyzing fundamental data for global companies to build financial models and understanding impact of company's historical results. Gathering market and business data using external and internal research sources such as Factiva, Capital IQ and Reuters. Performing and enhancing quality control procedures on all data. Working closely with Credit Risk Analysts to understand key business issues and incorporate them in research deliverable. Education CFA Institute Degree Name CFA Field Of Study Finance and Investment Grade Level 1 Candidate ICFAI University Field Of Study Chartered Financial Analyst (ICFAI) Symbiosis College of Arts and Commerce Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Commerce Grade First Class Volunteer Experience Course Marshal Company Name MS Walk + Fun Run, Sydney Dates volunteered Apr 2017 – Apr 2017 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Health Fund raising for patients grappling with Multiple Sclerosis. It was a marathon event to help MS society spread awareness about the disease. Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 13 endorsements for Equity Research 13 Equity Research Endorsed by 3 of Atul’s colleagues at CapMetrics Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modeling 6 Financial Modeling Tanul Shankushal and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 6 endorsements for Portfolio Management 6 Portfolio Management Anand Nandedkar and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Prospa. 3,228 followers Kaizen Recruitment 2,659 followers Career Breakthrough Forum 681 members The Australian 181,944 followers Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members Portfolio Managers, Research, Capital Markets & Consulting Professionals 23,867 members See all See all following
More Actions XIAOXIAO has a account XIAOXIAO CHEN Equity Research Analyst at Sealand Securities Co., Ltd. Sealand Securities Co., Ltd. City University of Hong Kong Hong Kong 30 30 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Seeking career in financial analysis and investment banking with my detail-oriented mind and strong business acumen with Master of Quantitative Analysis for Business. Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Sealand Securities Co., Ltd. Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location 深圳 Equity Research Company Name DREAMSPACEx, QHEE Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location shenzhen Analyzed important financial index to figure out issues of the company. Contacted potential customers to cooperate by debt & equity financing and buyout fund. Intern，innovative career department Company Name 东莞证券股份有限公司 Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Changsha Analyzed products to provide initial consulting service. Contacted customers initiatively and tracked investment requirements, Auditor Company Name Baker Tilly International Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Shenzhen, Guangdong, China Be responsible for IPO: Integrated and processed critical financial data. Checked trading contracts in multiple industries. Education City University of Hong Kong Degree Name Master of Arts (MA) Field Of Study Quantitative analysis in Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Hunan Agricultural University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Accounting Grade GPA: 3.6/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Public Relations Deparrment vice administer Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name changsha kaifu yicang NGO Dates volunteered 2011 – Present Volunteer duration 6 yrs Cause Children 1.help China doll plan：raising money for these childrenhttp://hn.rednet.cn/c/2011/03/15/2205548.htm 2.organized children from remote area visiting changsha city3.summer camp：Teaching English Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word Microsoft Word No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft PowerPoint Microsoft PowerPoint No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments XIAOXIAO has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 2010年度优秀学生 2010年度校级奖学金 2011年度湖南省“金蝶杯”创业团队大赛优胜奖 2009年度优秀学生 2009年度校级奖学金 XIAOXIAO has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese Chinese (Simplified) English XIAOXIAO has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications securities qualification 初级会计师 Interests MarketWatch 108,968 followers Joe WeisenthalJoe Weisenthal is a LinkedIn Influencer Editor at Bloomberg 364,069 followers City University of Hong Kong 54,490 followers J.P. Morgan 833,579 followers TechCrunch 1,694,040 followers Sealand Securities Co., Ltd. 628 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sam has a account Sam Cox Analyst at Putnam Investments Putnam Investments Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Sloan School of Management Greater Boston Area 398 398 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Co-Director of Equity Research Company Name Putnam Investments Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location Boston, Massachusetts Research Analyst Company Name Putnam Investments Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Boston Area Research Analyst Company Name Pyramis Global Advisors Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs MBA Student Company Name MIT Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Sloan School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 University of Pennsylvania Degree Name Bachelor's degree Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Sloan School of Management 60,117 followers Putnam Investments 25,248 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology 342,313 followers University of Pennsylvania 205,834 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology 278,368 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Sloan School of Management 63,476 followers See all See all following
More Actions Pawel has a account Pawel Kozub Consultant at Bain & Company Bain & Company INSEAD Warsaw, Masovian District, Poland 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Pawel’s Activity 1,474 followers Few know what it takes to move from an idea to IPO in 2,5 years. The story, the people, the funding, the product, the race. Brutal journeys are the most rewarding ones. IPO - huge milestone for our team at Nestmedic. Share price at opening +50% 📈. Time for a new project now. Pawel liked Bain is committed to fighting climate change! “We’re proud to be a sustainability leader in the global consulting industry with our carbon neutral initiative, a grassroots program led by our internal network of Green Teams. It encourages our people to put their passions to work and helps the firm develop valuable expertise we can share with our clients, who are also concerned about mitigating their carbon footprints.” – Steven Tallman, Bain partner and VP of Global Operations Pawel liked See all activity Experience Consultant Company Name Bain & Company Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos MBA Class of 2015 D Company Name INSEAD MBA Programme Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Singapore / Fontainebleau / Abu Dhabi Investment Banking Summer Associate Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom Investment Banking Division Equity Research Analyst Company Name UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Associate M&A/ECM Company Name UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking Dates Employed May 2007 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos See more positions Education INSEAD Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Warsaw School of Economics Degree Name Master Field Of Study Finance and Banking / International Economic Relations Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Students' Scientific Association of Capital Markets; Students' Scientific Association "Management of the Organization of the Future" Study tracks: Finance and Banking; Strategy Management; Management in International Business Wirtschaftsuniversität Wien Degree Name CEMS Master in International Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 Activities and Societies: CEMS Club Vienna Featured Skills & Endorsements Investment Banking See 33 endorsements for Investment Banking 33 Investment Banking Endorsed by Peter Kaineder and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Pawel’s colleagues at UniCredit Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 30 endorsements for Financial Modeling 30 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Stefan Culibrk, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Pawel’s colleagues at UniCredit Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 29 endorsements for Valuation 29 Valuation Endorsed by Stefan Culibrk and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Pawel’s colleagues at UniCredit Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Pawel Szczepanski Head of Project Office, strategic projects at Polpharma May 4, 2006, Pawel worked with Pawel in the same group If you have doubts that a man can do the work of three at half the time with a smile on his face and having fun out of it - you must see Pawel at work. Agnieszka B. Product Manager / ACIM May 4, 2006, Agnieszka worked with Pawel in different groups Pawel is a responsible person with a lot of outstandings ideas. He is well organised and able to create new solutions, as well as creating the proper support for changes. Pawel is a self- motivated specialist and achiever with broad business knowledge and flexibility. Highly recommended as an employee. Pawel Szczepanski Head of Project Office, strategic projects at Polpharma May 29, 2006, Pawel worked with Pawel in the same group Energetic, competitive achiever with extensive experience who can successfully manage multiple priorities, and perform under pressure in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment. And a nice guy who will show you how to perform in the best way. Accomplishments Pawel has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Google AdWords Google Analytics Chartered Financial Analyst Pawel has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English German Polish Interests INSEAD 217,914 followers Rhône Group 1,295 followers European Investment Bank (EIB) 48,979 followers GIC 30,776 followers SGH Warsaw School of Economics 65,011 followers McKinsey New Ventures (part of McKinsey & Company) 52,782 followers See all See all following
More Actions Talon has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Talon Custer Equity Research Analyst - Transportation & Logistics at Bloomberg LP Bloomberg LP University of Tennessee-Knoxville London, United Kingdom 273 273 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst - European Transportation & Logistics Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Equity Research Associate - Transportation & Logistics Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Princeton, NJ Credit Analyst Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Princeton, NJ Education University of Tennessee-Knoxville Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Language and World Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 La Pontificia Universidad Catolica de Valparaiso Field Of Study Advanced Spanish grammar and conversation Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2007 Spanish language study abroad program during the summer of 2007 in Valparaiso, Chile Featured Skills & Endorsements Bloomberg See 8 endorsements for Bloomberg 8 Bloomberg Endorsed by Michael Kovacs and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Talon’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 5 endorsements for Financial Analysis 5 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 3 of Talon’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Fixed Income See 5 endorsements for Fixed Income 5 Fixed Income Endorsed by 4 of Talon’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Talon has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Portuguese Spanish Interests University of Tennessee, Knoxville 151,142 followers University of Tennessee, Knoxville 154,756 followers Bloomberg LP 720,511 followers
More Actions Spencer has a account Spencer Bogart, CFA Bitcoin & Blockchain Venture Capital Blockchain Capital LLC University of California, Santa Barbara San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I'm the Head of Research at Blockchain Capital where I do venture investment research on companies in the Bitcoin/Blockchain space. Formerly on the Internet Equity Research team at investment bank Needham & Company where I led the firm's research efforts in all things bitcoin and blockchain. I conducted fundamental investment research and analysis of companies in those industries as well as the broader Internet Marketplaces and FinTech industries. We regularly published in-depth investment research on the markets and the companies within them. Also an unofficial matchmaker for bitcoin companies. Always interested in hearing from companies in the space. I am a CFA charter holder and have passed the Series 7, Series 63, and Series 87 exams. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Spencer’s Activity 1,744 followers Token Summit I - Show and Tell - Civic with Vinny Lingham Spencer liked Truly phenomenal opportunities at some of our portfolio companies - Let me know if you're a Product Manager that's considering a new gig and you're enthusiastic about Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other crypto-assets. Spencer shared this See all activity Experience Managing Director, Head of Research Company Name Blockchain Capital LLC Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location San Francisco, California Vice President Equity Research Company Name Needham & Company Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area • Led the firm’s research efforts in all things Bitcoin• Published comprehensive investment reports on the risks, opportunities, and outlook for Bitcoin• Established strategic relationships with key stakeholders throughout the Bitcoin industry including developers, VCs, startups, founders, and investors. • Hosted annual and quarterly events to connect Bitcoin companies, investors, and stakeholders• Modeled forward-looking financials for companies under coverage in Internet and SaaS industries.• Published analysis on material developments (quarterly earnings, acquisitions, industry news) for select high-growth Internet and Software companies. Analyst Company Name ETF.com Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location San Francisco • Developed extensive writing experience authoring research papers and reports• Modeled, monitored, and analysed global capital markets to produce insightful analysis• Consulted and advised institutional and retail clients in regards to investment liquidity, exposure, and due diligence• Moderated expert panels and discussions at ETF.com conferences Hedge Fund Summer Analyst Company Name SFG Asset Advisors Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area • Conducted the hedge fund manager due diligence process• Computed statistical analysis for potential hedge fund investments• Monitored all current investments’ performance, exposures, and market positioning Education University of California, Santa Barbara Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Business Economics Activities and Societies: BA Business Economics, Executive Vice President- Student Entrepreneurs Association (08-09), VP of Recruiting- Student Entrepreneurs Association (07-08), Member Finance Connection @ UCSB, Member Santa Barbara Investment Association, Participant- Education Abroad Program- Netherlands, Member- Sigma Phi Epsilon Fraternity Archbishop Mitty Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 30 endorsements for Investments 30 Investments Endorsed by 美国加州洛杉矶千万房地产经纪✔Leon Liang and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Spencer’s colleagues at ETF.com Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 27 endorsements for Equities 27 Equities Endorsed by Alex Tapscott and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Spencer’s colleagues at ETF.com Click and drag to reorder skills Economics See 26 endorsements for Economics 26 Economics Endorsed by 2 of Spencer’s colleagues at ETF.com Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Jon Russell Director, ETF Operations at FactSet June 6, 2013, Jon worked with Spencer in the same group Jon balances priorities and objectives between multiple teams and offices and ensures that objectives are met in a timely fashion and routinely beats quality expectations. Gary Glass Board Member | Startup Advisor @ Techstars, DEC and LaunchpadCity | VC Scout | Bringing Global Brands together w/ Influencer Marketing in VR & 360 Video March 9, 2009, Spencer worked with Gary in different groups Gary is a dedicated, naturally intelligent individual. As a colleague, every customer of his that I encountered was very satisfied with his work. Gary is also a great team player that communicates effectively and produces results that exceed expectations in any environment. Outside of the team, Gary is a standout individual who I enjoyed spending time with on a day-to-day basis. Accomplishments Spencer has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications CFA Series 63 Series 7 Series 87 Interests Jefferies 64,043 followers OB1 103 followers Blockchain Technologies 72 followers Rockwood Capital 2,684 followers The Presidio Group LLC 1,464 followers 451 Research 10,436 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jiorden has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Jiorden Sanchez, CFA Equity Research at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Experience Vice President - Equity Research - Telecom, Cable & Satellite Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Lead analyst on BCE, Rogers and TELUS.Lead analyst on Equinix and QTS. Assist lead analyst on coverage of AT&T, Verizon, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, American Tower, Crown Castle, SBA Communications, Level 3 and ZAYO. Vice President - Equity Research - Telecom Services Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location New York City Assisted lead analyst on coverage of AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile, American Tower, Crown Castle, SBA Communications, Equinix, Level 3, PAETEC, tw telecom, Cbeyond, Boingo and RigNet. Education New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 16 endorsements for Valuation 16 Valuation Endorsed by Daniel Huber, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jiorden’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 11 endorsements for Financial Modeling 11 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Daniel Huber, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jiorden’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 8 endorsements for Equity Research 8 Equity Research Endorsed by Bob Grandhi, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Lazard Asset Management 14,685 followers Bridgewater Associates 50,103 followers AXA Investment Managers 35,743 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,511,304 followers American Century Investments 10,269 followers Ivy Investments 2,323 followers See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Hatch at RBC Capital Markets University of East Anglia London, United Kingdom 468 468 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name RBC Capital Markets Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos October 2011 to date: Coverage of platinum, gold, global diversified, mineral sands and diamond mining companies.December 2010 - October 2011: Coverage of International E&P Oil and Gas companies focussed in the Middle East, Africa and the UK North Sea. Consultant Company Name PKF (UK) LLP Dates Employed Sep 2003 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos I held the position of Consultant within the Financial Model Services team of PKF (UK) LLP. PKF's Modelling Team are responsible for building, analysing and reviewing financial models used by investors for a wide range of project finance and PPP/PFI infrastructure transactions across a number of sectors, including energy (renewable/gas/oil), property, construction, transport and defence in the UK and overseas. Education University of East Anglia Degree Name 2:1 Field Of Study Accounting with Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests RBC Capital Markets 62,724 followers University of East Anglia 67,799 followers University of East Anglia 64,165 followers
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Dahl Director, Equity Research - Senior Homebuilding & Building Products Analyst at Barclays Barclays Investment Bank Fordham University New York, New York 472 472 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director, Equity Research - Senior Homebuilding & Building Products Analyst Company Name Barclays Investment Bank Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Director, Equity Research - Senior Homebuilding & Building Products Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Senior Analyst responsible for coverage of U.S. Homebuilding and Building Products sectors- 27 companies under coverage- 2016 II ranked 7th; 2015 II ranked 8th; 2014 Honorable Mention- II Rising Star 2014 and 2015- 2015 Starmine Award for #1 Stock Picker in Building Products Vice President, Equity Research - Senior Building Products Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Senior Analyst responsible for primary coverage of U.S. Building Products sector- Covered 10 stocks spanning a broad range of residential and non-residential construction, consumer products, and industrial end markets Senior Associate/Vice President, Equity Research Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Senior Associate/Vice President on a leading Homebuilding and Building Products team with 29 companies under coverage; #3 II ranking in 2009 and 2011, Runner-Up in 2010 and 2012 Financial Analyst, Equity Research Company Name Banc of America Securities Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Mar 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Analyst on #2 II-ranked Homebuilding and Building Products team (2007) Education Fordham University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) - Magna Cum Laude Field Of Study Finance, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Volunteer Experience Bike MS NYC Participant Company Name National MS Society Dates volunteered 2010 – 2012 Volunteer duration 2 yrs Cause Health Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 11 endorsements for Financial Modeling 11 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 10 endorsements for Equity Research 10 Equity Research Endorsed by Craig Siegenthaler, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 8 endorsements for Equities 8 Equities Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Series 7, 63, 86, 87 licenses Interests Homebuilding Professionals 7,501 members Barclays Investment Bank 255,079 followers Credit Suisse Group (Credit Suisse Bank Network, Credit Suisse Alumni, CS Alumni, CS Group, CSFB) 12,167 members Building Products Industry Group 19,133 members Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members eMoov.co.uk 1,408 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rayna has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Rayna Lesser Hannaway, CFA Equity Analyst/Portfolio Manager Seeking a New Professional Challenge RHK Property Management & Design, LLC Barnard College Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail I have 20+ years of experience successfully investing in small and mid-cap public companies at extraordinary investment institutions, with a primary focus on the technology sector. I am highly motivated, I love to learn, and I can persevere even under the most challenging conditions. I am eager to put my strong analytical capabilities, interpersonal skills, strategic vision, and patience to work in a dynamic role that leverages these strengths. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Real Estate Investor Company Name RHK Property Management & Design, LLC Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Warren, VT Owner and developer of luxury residential rentals in the Mad River Valley Member of the Advisory Board Company Name CurbCall Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater Boston Area Managing Director Company Name Golden Seeds Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater Boston Area Angel Investor focused on funding and advising early-staged ventures with an emphasis on companies with female founders and those with women in C- Level positions. Portfolio Manager Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Jan 2009 – May 2016 Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos • Managed concentrated, sector-specific portfolios in the technology, telecommunications, and consumer sectors as part of Fidelity’s multi-manager efforts. Employed a Growth At A Reasonable Price style with a disciplined approach to risk management and portfolio construction. • Emphasized owning higher quality companies with above average growth potential, solid business models across a cycle, defendable market positions, and value creating management teams, most of which were undervalued on a P/CF basis with catalysts to unlock value.• Combined complementary quantitative research with my fundamental approach to further identify opportunities and risks and to best understand which factors have proven to be most successful in my universe over time, to evaluate whether those factors were still working given the ever-changing business models in the technology space, and to better understand the exposures in my portfolios.• Delivered considerable outperformance for the 4 years ending September, 2012 with 4106 bps. outperformance in technology (156.68% SMCOPIT vs. 115.62% RTY TECH) and 2380 bps outperformance in telecom (81.36% SMCOPTEL vs. 57.56% RTY TELECOM) during a period when GARP style was in favor. Consistent outperformance was more challenging in the 2013-2015 time period when there was a broad rally in more expensive momentum-oriented stocks given a very disciplined process and commitment to own reasonably priced names. ~20% of positions owned at my departure have since been acquired or have been taken private at favorable prices. Assistant Portfolio Manager Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Boston Area • Formulated investment themes and buy/sell/hold recommendations using internal research to help successive diversified portfolio managers on one of our larger small cap funds “narrow the universe”• Monitored and analyzed macro-economic and sector specific trends to determine new areas of opportunity and how our existing holdings would be affected• Regularly provided additional due diligence on existing portfolio companies in order to continuously gauge financial performance of our positions and challenge our internal theses• Developed and maintained detailed financial estimate models for the entire portfolio to help capture upside and downside opportunity for each holding. These models were instrumental in making portfolio construction decisions as well as helping to provide a layer of risk management for the portfolio. See more positions Education Barnard College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Horace Mann School Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Volunteer Experience Board Treasurer Company Name North Shore Nursery School Dates volunteered Sep 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 10 mos Board Member Company Name Beverly Farms Improvement Society Dates volunteered Feb 2014 – Mar 2017 Volunteer duration 3 yrs 2 mos Board Member Company Name Shore Country Day School Dates volunteered May 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 2 mos Cause Education See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 23 endorsements for Equity Research 23 Equity Research Endorsed by Charles Trafton and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rayna’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 23 endorsements for Investments 23 Investments Endorsed by Katherine Buck, CFA and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Rayna’s colleagues at Golden Seeds Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 16 endorsements for Equities 16 Equities Endorsed by Daniel Kryger and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rayna’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Paul Funari director at RBC Capital Markets December 6, 2016, Paul worked with Rayna but at different companies A great professional investor with a unique and fresh investment approach! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rayna has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,445,655 followers Daymond JohnDaymond John is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO of FUBU and The Shark Group, TV Personality on ABC Shark Tank 211,081 followers Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,544,813 followers HOLT Community 1,910 followers 100 Women In Finance 1,413 followers Barbara CorcoranBarbara Corcoran is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-Founder of Barbara Corcoran Venture Partners 801,019 followers See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Hatch at RBC Capital Markets University of East Anglia London, United Kingdom 468 468 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name RBC Capital Markets Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 7 mos October 2011 to date: Coverage of platinum, gold, global diversified, mineral sands and diamond mining companies.December 2010 - October 2011: Coverage of International E&P Oil and Gas companies focussed in the Middle East, Africa and the UK North Sea. Consultant Company Name PKF (UK) LLP Dates Employed Sep 2003 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos I held the position of Consultant within the Financial Model Services team of PKF (UK) LLP. PKF's Modelling Team are responsible for building, analysing and reviewing financial models used by investors for a wide range of project finance and PPP/PFI infrastructure transactions across a number of sectors, including energy (renewable/gas/oil), property, construction, transport and defence in the UK and overseas. Education University of East Anglia Degree Name 2:1 Field Of Study Accounting with Law Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests RBC Capital Markets 62,724 followers University of East Anglia 64,165 followers University of East Anglia 67,799 followers
More Actions Jiorden has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Jiorden Sanchez, CFA Equity Research at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Experience Vice President - Equity Research - Telecom, Cable & Satellite Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Lead analyst on BCE, Rogers and TELUS.Lead analyst on Equinix and QTS. Assist lead analyst on coverage of AT&T, Verizon, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, American Tower, Crown Castle, SBA Communications, Level 3 and ZAYO. Vice President - Equity Research - Telecom Services Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location New York City Assisted lead analyst on coverage of AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile, American Tower, Crown Castle, SBA Communications, Equinix, Level 3, PAETEC, tw telecom, Cbeyond, Boingo and RigNet. Education New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 16 endorsements for Valuation 16 Valuation Endorsed by Daniel Huber, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jiorden’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 11 endorsements for Financial Modeling 11 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Daniel Huber, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jiorden’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 8 endorsements for Equity Research 8 Equity Research Endorsed by Bob Grandhi, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Ray DalioRay Dalio is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & Chief Investment Officer at Bridgewater Associates, L.P. 280,860 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,950 followers Janus Henderson U.S. 17,653 followers MFS Investment Management 27,840 followers Legg Mason 24,642 followers Viking Global Investors 4,249 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Dahl Director, Equity Research - Senior Homebuilding & Building Products Analyst at Barclays Barclays Investment Bank Fordham University New York, New York 472 472 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director, Equity Research - Senior Homebuilding & Building Products Analyst Company Name Barclays Investment Bank Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Director, Equity Research - Senior Homebuilding & Building Products Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Senior Analyst responsible for coverage of U.S. Homebuilding and Building Products sectors- 27 companies under coverage- 2016 II ranked 7th; 2015 II ranked 8th; 2014 Honorable Mention- II Rising Star 2014 and 2015- 2015 Starmine Award for #1 Stock Picker in Building Products Vice President, Equity Research - Senior Building Products Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Senior Analyst responsible for primary coverage of U.S. Building Products sector- Covered 10 stocks spanning a broad range of residential and non-residential construction, consumer products, and industrial end markets Senior Associate/Vice President, Equity Research Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Senior Associate/Vice President on a leading Homebuilding and Building Products team with 29 companies under coverage; #3 II ranking in 2009 and 2011, Runner-Up in 2010 and 2012 Financial Analyst, Equity Research Company Name Banc of America Securities Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Mar 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area - Analyst on #2 II-ranked Homebuilding and Building Products team (2007) Education Fordham University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) - Magna Cum Laude Field Of Study Finance, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Volunteer Experience Bike MS NYC Participant Company Name National MS Society Dates volunteered 2010 – 2012 Volunteer duration 2 yrs Cause Health Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 11 endorsements for Financial Modeling 11 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 10 endorsements for Equity Research 10 Equity Research Endorsed by Craig Siegenthaler, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 8 endorsements for Equities 8 Equities Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Series 7, 63, 86, 87 licenses Interests Barclays Investment Bank 255,079 followers Building Products Industry Group 19,133 members eMoov.co.uk 1,408 followers Credit Suisse Group (Credit Suisse Bank Network, Credit Suisse Alumni, CS Alumni, CS Group, CSFB) 12,167 members Fordham University 97,400 followers Global Equity Research 14,441 members See all See all following
More Actions Caitlin has a account Caitlin Burrows Vice President at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Cornell University Greater New York City Area 484 484 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location New York, NY REITs Equity Research Analyst, REITs Equity Research Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed May 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Client Services Manager Company Name Quality Planning Corporation, Verisk Analytics Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Analyst, Commodity Strategy Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Education Cornell University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Operations Research Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Varsity Diving Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 4 endorsements for Equity Research 4 Equity Research Andrew Agosta, CFP® and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 3 endorsements for Financial Modeling 3 Financial Modeling Derek McMullen and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 1 endorsement for Bloomberg 1 Bloomberg Derek McMullen has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cornell University Alumni Network 66,135 members IvyLife. Alumni United. 47,565 members Ivy League Alumni 34,504 members Cornell University 295,532 followers IvyLife-SF 1,798 members Goldman Sachs 809,550 followers See all See all following
More Actions Len has a account Len Rittberg Investment Management Adelante Capital Management Yale University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Vice President (Equity Research and Portfolio Management) Company Name Adelante Capital Management Dates Employed 2007 – 2016 Employment Duration 9 yrs Location Oakland, CA Equity Research Analyst Company Name First Albany Capital Dates Employed 2006 – 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr • Covered equities of medical device producers for cardiovascular indications, sleep therapy, and ophthalmology. • Prepared and updated valuation models and comparable tables for 15 covered companies. • Performed industry-level topical analysis. Published research examining incidence and distribution of healthcare conditions and monitored developments in treatment best practices. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Oppenheimer & Co. Dates Employed 2005 – 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr • Covered event-driven special situation stocks, with an emphasis on recognition of undervalued assets. • Communicated with buy-side parties to convey investment thesis and answer questions. • Created financial models that included relative valuation, DCF, and sum-of-the-parts calculations. Associate Portfolio Manager Company Name Jurika & Voyles Dates Employed 1999 – 2003 Employment Duration 4 yrs Fixed income portfolio construction working under Ken Carlson.• Advised Portfolio Manager on decisions for $300-million+ in fixed income portfolios in a firm with $7-billion+ in assets. • Researched and analyzed investment grade corporate bonds. • Helped position core portfolios to outperform Lehman Aggregate Index for three consecutive years; total outperformance exceeded 250 bps over tenure. Trader (MBS) Company Name Tuttle Risk Management Services Dates Employed 1998 – 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr • Applied quantitative strategy to determine hedge positions for mortgage pipelines. Executed trades in institutional marketplace. • Traded Tuttle’s largest account, a joint venture with Freddie Mac generating over $70M in monthly originations. See more positions Education Yale University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 University of Virginia Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Commerce Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 18 endorsements for Investments 18 Investments Endorsed by 5 of Len’s colleagues at Adelante Capital Management Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 10 endorsements for Portfolio Management 10 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Rosanna Leroe-Muñoz and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Len’s colleagues at Adelante Capital Management Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 15 endorsements for Equities 15 Equities Endorsed by 4 of Len’s colleagues at Adelante Capital Management Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Eric Thaller Chief Capital Officer at Sunbit May 22, 2012, Eric was senior to Len but didn’t manage directly Eric is a talented co-worker and a treasured friend. He’s smart, reliable, and grounded. When he makes a commitment, you can count on him to efficiently deliver quality work. Eric would stand out against most quant analysts on results alone, but what really separates him from his peers are his common sense approach to modeling (applying a big picture fundamental lens to the minutiae of refining a complex model) and his ability to translate mathematical jargon into language that can easily be understood by others in the organization. While he is well-versed in the theory, Eric is not academic in applying it to portfolio management – the focus is squarely on generating the best risk-adjusted returns possible. Eric eludes many of the shortcomings I see in financial services leaders today - although he is a confident decision maker whose conviction has been tested under challenging market conditions, Eric is non-dogmatic and pensive about revising assumptions and reviewing decisions. Neither ego nor political agenda get in the way of his focus on contributing to alpha generation. His transition into our team was seamless and he has brought a great demeanor in addition to his analytic talents. He is tactful and treats everyone in the organization with the same degree of respect. In the business world, there are people that you trust because they are competent and hardworking and there are people that you trust because they are honest and have integrity; Eric Thaller falls into both categories. Melissa Marsden Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Iron Mountain February 1, 2012, Len worked with Melissa but at different companies Over the five years that I have covered ProLogis, Melissa has repeatedly demonstrated herself to be informative, efficient, proactive, and professional. Melissa has a comprehensive understanding of financials and the business environment; and she understands the balance between relevant news-flow and what would be simply noise to investors. On the rare occasion that Melissa does not have the answer to a question at her fingertips, she will get back to you promptly with a comprehensive response. In addition to her strong understanding of all of the relevant issues for investors, Melissa is also a pleasure to interact with and I have greatly enjoyed our conversations. Melissa’s responsiveness did not waiver regardless of whether or not we were invested in the stock, which unfortunately is not always the case. I have really appreciated the chance to learn about ProLogis through Melissa’s presence in its IR department and look forward to the chance to do the same at whatever company she chooses for her next position. Accomplishments Len has 7 certifications 7 Expand certifications section Certifications CFA Institute CE Program 5 Year Milestone CFA charterholder Series 3 (National Commodities Futures Examination) Series 63 (Uniform Securities Agent State Law Examination) Series 7 (General Securities Representative Examination) Series 86 (Research Analyst Qualification Examination) Series 87 (Research Analyst Qualification Examination) Interests University of Virginia 165,489 followers University of Virginia Alumni, Students and Friends 45,264 members CFA Institute Members 69,518 members CFA Institute 165,492 followers Yale University 159,151 followers Yale University Careers 154,365 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rayna has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Rayna Lesser Hannaway, CFA Equity Analyst/Portfolio Manager Seeking a New Professional Challenge RHK Property Management & Design, LLC Barnard College Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail I have 20+ years of experience successfully investing in small and mid-cap public companies at extraordinary investment institutions, with a primary focus on the technology sector. I am highly motivated, I love to learn, and I can persevere even under the most challenging conditions. I am eager to put my strong analytical capabilities, interpersonal skills, strategic vision, and patience to work in a dynamic role that leverages these strengths. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Real Estate Investor Company Name RHK Property Management & Design, LLC Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Warren, VT Owner and developer of luxury residential rentals in the Mad River Valley Member of the Advisory Board Company Name CurbCall Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater Boston Area Managing Director Company Name Golden Seeds Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater Boston Area Angel Investor focused on funding and advising early-staged ventures with an emphasis on companies with female founders and those with women in C- Level positions. Portfolio Manager Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Jan 2009 – May 2016 Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos • Managed concentrated, sector-specific portfolios in the technology, telecommunications, and consumer sectors as part of Fidelity’s multi-manager efforts. Employed a Growth At A Reasonable Price style with a disciplined approach to risk management and portfolio construction. • Emphasized owning higher quality companies with above average growth potential, solid business models across a cycle, defendable market positions, and value creating management teams, most of which were undervalued on a P/CF basis with catalysts to unlock value.• Combined complementary quantitative research with my fundamental approach to further identify opportunities and risks and to best understand which factors have proven to be most successful in my universe over time, to evaluate whether those factors were still working given the ever-changing business models in the technology space, and to better understand the exposures in my portfolios.• Delivered considerable outperformance for the 4 years ending September, 2012 with 4106 bps. outperformance in technology (156.68% SMCOPIT vs. 115.62% RTY TECH) and 2380 bps outperformance in telecom (81.36% SMCOPTEL vs. 57.56% RTY TELECOM) during a period when GARP style was in favor. Consistent outperformance was more challenging in the 2013-2015 time period when there was a broad rally in more expensive momentum-oriented stocks given a very disciplined process and commitment to own reasonably priced names. ~20% of positions owned at my departure have since been acquired or have been taken private at favorable prices. Assistant Portfolio Manager Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Boston Area • Formulated investment themes and buy/sell/hold recommendations using internal research to help successive diversified portfolio managers on one of our larger small cap funds “narrow the universe”• Monitored and analyzed macro-economic and sector specific trends to determine new areas of opportunity and how our existing holdings would be affected• Regularly provided additional due diligence on existing portfolio companies in order to continuously gauge financial performance of our positions and challenge our internal theses• Developed and maintained detailed financial estimate models for the entire portfolio to help capture upside and downside opportunity for each holding. These models were instrumental in making portfolio construction decisions as well as helping to provide a layer of risk management for the portfolio. See more positions Education Barnard College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Horace Mann School Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Volunteer Experience Board Treasurer Company Name North Shore Nursery School Dates volunteered Sep 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 10 mos Board Member Company Name Beverly Farms Improvement Society Dates volunteered Feb 2014 – Mar 2017 Volunteer duration 3 yrs 2 mos Board Member Company Name Shore Country Day School Dates volunteered May 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 2 mos Cause Education See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 23 endorsements for Equity Research 23 Equity Research Endorsed by Charles Trafton and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rayna’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 23 endorsements for Investments 23 Investments Endorsed by Katherine Buck, CFA and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Rayna’s colleagues at Golden Seeds Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 16 endorsements for Equities 16 Equities Endorsed by Daniel Kryger and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rayna’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Paul Funari director at RBC Capital Markets December 6, 2016, Paul worked with Rayna but at different companies A great professional investor with a unique and fresh investment approach! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rayna has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Family Office Jobs 292 members Satya NadellaSatya Nadella is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Microsoft 1,403,330 followers CFA Institute Women in Investment Management Network 4,503 members Golden Seeds 4,789 followers Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,507,217 followers 100 Women In Finance 1,413 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Toepfer Incoming Equity Research Analyst at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Indiana University Bloomington Naperville, Illinois 422 422 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Incoming Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Consulting Intern Company Name FactSet Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Aerospace & Defense Analyst Company Name Indiana University Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Bloomington, Indiana Area Media (2) This position has 2 media Raytheon Research Report Raytheon Research Report This media is a document Raytheon Presentation Raytheon Presentation This media is a document Cashier Company Name Culvers Restaurant Dates Employed May 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Naperville, IL Mover Company Name Planes Companies Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos See more positions Education Indiana University Bloomington Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting, Finance, and Technology Management Grade Junior Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2017 Activities and Societies: National Society of Collegiate Scholars, Investment Banking Club, Finance Club, Investment Management Workshop, Portfolio Management Club, Knall-Cohen Fund, Undergraduate Investment Club Featured Skills & Endorsements Problem Solving See 6 endorsements for Problem Solving 6 Problem Solving Nitish Sanil and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tenacious Work Ethic See 5 endorsements for Tenacious Work Ethic 5 Tenacious Work Ethic Austin Graham and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 2 endorsements for Customer Service 2 Customer Service Andrew He and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests J.T. O'DonnellJ.T. O&#39;Donnell is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO - WorkItDaily.com | HR | Recruiting | Employment | Speaker | Trainer | Career Coach | Job Search 1,879,706 followers Credit Suisse 453,194 followers Piper Jaffray 17,883 followers Indiana University Health 23,118 followers Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. 1,016 followers Jeff DeGraffJeff DeGraff is a LinkedIn Influencer Dean of Innovation, Author and Thought Leader 165,719 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephen has a account Stephen Parsons Capital markets and mining professional - Investor Relations / Equity Research / Mining Engineer Yamana Gold Inc. Queen's University Toronto, Ontario, Canada 442 442 connections Send InMail Experienced Director Equity Research with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Skilled in Capital Markets, Gold, Corporate Finance, Minerals, and Base Metals. Strong research professional with a Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) focused in Mining and Mineral Engineering from Queen's University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Company Name Yamana Gold Inc. Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Director, Equity Research Analyst (Mining) Company Name National Bank Financial Dates Employed May 2008 – May 2017 Employment Duration 9 yrs 1 mo Equity Research Analyst -Mining Company Name MGI Securities Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada Equity Research - Research Associate (Mining) Company Name GMP Securities Dates Employed 2003 – 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Toronto Mineral Processing Engineer Company Name Minnovex Technologies Inc Dates Employed 2000 – 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada See more positions Education Queen's University Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Mining and Mineral Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 8 endorsements for Financial Modeling 8 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Adam Low, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Stephen’s colleagues at MGI Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Base Metals See 4 endorsements for Base Metals 4 Base Metals Brad Humphrey and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Gold See 4 endorsements for Gold 4 Gold Endorsed by Brad Humphrey, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,511,309 followers Alamos Gold Inc. 21,422 followers Quant Trading 16,312 members Royal Gold Inc. 709 followers The Economist 4,116,659 followers Yamana Gold Inc. 73,171 followers See all See all following
More Actions Edward has a account Edward Goldsmith Prime Brokerage - Capital Consulting at UBS Investment Bank UBS CFA Institute New Malden, Greater London, United Kingdom 448 448 connections Send InMail Associate Director at UBS Investment Bank within Prime Brokerage, working for the Capital Consulting team. Passed the CFA Level III exam in June 2016. University of Bath undergraduate with a First-class honours degree in Business Administration. Undertook an academic exchange in final year of university at McIntire School of Commerce - one of the top undergrad business schools in the US and part of the University of Virginia. Previously employed by M&G Investments as an Equity Research Analyst and UBS Investment Bank in Equity Finance Trading as part of university degree placements. Work experience gained at Lippincott (part of Oliver Wyman Group), Deutsche Bank, Schroders and Standard Chartered Bank. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Edward’s Activity 447 followers Since launching in 2015, The Baobab Network have worked with some of Africa's most talented women tech entreprenuers that are running businesses that use innovation and technology to solve pressing market problems. Quite simply, we have been blown away by the passion, talent and innovations that we have seen. This July, we will be hosting an event in London to showcase some of the companies we have worked with, sharing some of the work our teams have delivered and the innovations we have seen. We will also discuss some of the challenges faced by start-ups in countries like Kenya, Zambia, Ghana and Rwanda, as founders look to scale their businesses and ideas. We're also very excited to be joined by Eunice Baguma Ball, Founder and Director of The Africa Technology Business Network, and also project lead of #HerFutureAfrica, a programme equipping young African female entrepreneurs with the right tools, mentorship and networks to launch high-impact businesses. To find out more or sign up for the event, email the team on team@thebaobabnetwork.com Edward liked See all activity Experience Associate Director - Capital Consulting Company Name UBS Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom Providing consulting and capital raising services to Hedge Funds. Analyst - Capital Introduction & Business Consulting Company Name UBS Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location London, United Kingdom Providing consulting and capital raising services to Hedge Funds. Equity Finance Trading Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location 1 Finsbury Avenue Six month placement as part of my University degree within Equity Finance Trading at UBS. Analyst Company Name Students of Bath Investment Club (SOBIC) Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr AELTC Court Attendant Company Name Compass Group Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location All England Lawn Tennis Club Worked at both the Wimbledon Championships 2012 and the London 2012 Olympic Tennis Event as a Court Attendant. See more positions Education CFA Institute Passed Level III of the CFA Program in June 2016 and may be awarded the charter upon completion of the required work experience. University of Bath Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Business Administration Grade First-class honours (average 75.98%) Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 University of Virginia Degree Name McIntire School of Commerce Grade GPA 3.925 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 Academic Exchange Program in the US. See more education Volunteer Experience Head Cricket Coach Company Name Falconbrook Primary School Dates volunteered Sep 2008 – May 2010 Volunteer duration 1 yr 9 mos Cause Education Community Service with children aged 10 - 11 at an Inner London School. Volunteer Company Name Bath Mencap Sports Group Dates volunteered Feb 2012 – Jun 2012 Volunteer duration 5 mos Volunteer work and sports coaching for teenagers and adults with learning and physical disabilities. Volunteer Intern Company Name London Children's Museum Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Sep 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Voluntary work at new non-profit organisation that is creating and developing a London Museum solely for children. Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 6 endorsements for Business Analysis 6 Business Analysis Anthony Plom and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 3 endorsements for Data Analysis 3 Data Analysis Anthony Plom and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 3 endorsements for Investment Banking 3 Investment Banking Toby Hanington and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Edward has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Accenture Prize 2014 BP Prize 2013 Deloitte Accounting and Finance Award 2011 The Suzanne Admiraal Scholarship 2010 - 2014 Interests UBS 456,537 followers McIntire School of Commerce 5,803 members Bath School of Management 4,720 members Alternative Investments: Private Equity, Hard Assets, Hedge Funds, Commodities, Timber, Real Estate 51,493 members The Family Office Club - #1 Largest Family Office Association | Ultra-Wealthy Wealth Management 126,212 members Hedge Fund, Private Equity & Alternative Investments Networking Group - Powered by IvyExec.com 69,256 members See all See all following
More Actions Scott has a account Scott Berg Managing Director, Sr. Research Analyst at Needham & Company Needham & Company University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity sell-side investment analyst covering Software companies. Current coverage includes Amber Road (AMBR), Bazaarvoice (BV), ChannelAdvisor (ECOM), Cornerstone OnDemand (CSOD), Determine (DTRM), Everbridge (EVBG), Five9 (FIVN), Healthstream (HSTM), HubSpot (HUBS), Instructure (INST), Medidata (MDSO), Paylocity (PCTY), Pros Holdings (PRO), Salesforce.com (CRM), SPS Commerce (SPSC), Tyler Technologies (TYL), Ultimate Software (ULTI), Upland Software (UPLD), Veeva (VEEV), and Workday (WDAY), See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Scott’s Activity 1,188 followers HighJump Recognized by Quadrant Knowledge Solutions as a Global WMS Market Leader Scott liked What Could Save Equity Research? Scott liked We are hiring! Looking for data entry / secretary position to be filled, with knowledge of quickbooks and good with customers. Must be dependable, on time, and good communication skills. Scott liked Ceridian Leads Workforce Management Technology Value Matrix for Third Consecutive Year Scott liked See all activity Experience Managing Director, Sr. Research Analyst Company Name Needham & Company Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Senior Equity Research Analyst covering enterprise software. Vice President, Sr. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Northland Securities Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Senior Equity Research Analyst covering enterprise software. Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Feltl and Company Dates Employed Dec 2009 – May 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Senior Equity Research Analyst covering enterprise software. Research Analyst Company Name ThinkEquity Partners Dates Employed 2008 – 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Research Associate covering Human Capital Management software and Business Services companies. Division Director - Permanent Placement Division Company Name Robert Half Technology Dates Employed 2004 – 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs Permanent Placement IT Recruiter currently managing a team of perm placement recruiters in the Mpls/St. Paul metro area. I specialized in the placement of Application Developers with .NET and Java experience, Infrastructure Engineers and Administrators, and management level positions. See more positions Education University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Activities and Societies: Kappa Sigma Fraternity Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 24 endorsements for Equity Research 24 Equity Research Endorsed by 2 of Scott’s colleagues at RBC Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 23 endorsements for Financial Modeling 23 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 4 of Scott’s colleagues at RBC Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 20 endorsements for Equities 20 Equities Endorsed by Anthony Falce and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Scott’s colleagues at RBC Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (4) Patrick Appel Senior Manager Deskside Support at RBC July 25, 2006, Patrick was a client of Scott’s I highly endorse and recommend Scott and his work. Not only does he provide excellent placement services, he does it in a very friendly and personnal level. He's very keen on placing the right person in the right environment, not just the job. I've really enjoyed working with Scott and look forward to future endeavors with him. Dan Walicke Systems Administrator February 7, 2012, Scott managed Dan directly I had the opportunity to work with Dan twice, once managing his work at RBC Capital Markets and then working with him at ThinkEquity. Dan has a unique ability within the IT industry to blend a strong technical skill set along with a superior end user support experience. This uncommon skill combination allowed Dan to consistently exceed expectations and would transcend any IT environment. Stephanie Smith Talent Acquisition Manager at Factory Motor Parts February 13, 2009, Stephanie was a client of Scott’s Stephanie was my customer for about 2 years while I was an agency recruiter with Robert Half Technology. Stephanie was a model customer for me and was absolutely wonderful to work with. She was very knowledgeable about her company and went the "extra mile" to provide me with the information that enabled me to be successful in my role working with her. An even better measurement of her work was the feedback my candidates provided to me on the interview process at Gelco/Concur. My candidates always gave high marks because the process was professional and the positions were exactly as advertised with no surprises. These traits speak highly about Stephanie's abilities and I assume the results she garnered. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests College of Liberal Arts, University of Minnesota (Twin Cities) 9,364 members LEHRN (Leading Edge HR Network) 1,294 members Andrew 'Flip' FilipowskiAndrew &#39;Flip&#39; Filipowski is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-CEO Fluree, building a new business application platform. 189,168 followers University of Minnesota-Twin Cities 283,435 followers University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management 40,679 followers Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Kapsch Managing Director, Senior Equity Research Analyst Aegis Capital Corp. New York University, Stern School of Business New York, New York 423 423 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Chris’ Activity 423 followers "Companies get the investors they deserve" -Managing for the long term in a short term world #NIRI2017 Chris shared this See all activity Experience Managing Director, Senior Institutional Equity Research Analyst Company Name Aegis Capital Corp. Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location New York, NY Managing Director, Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name BB&T Capital Markets Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location New York, NY Senior Equity Analyst covering Chemicals & Advanced Materials sectors Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Topeka Capital Markets Dates Employed 2012 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location New York, NY Sr. Equity Analyst Company Name BNP Paribas Dates Employed 2011 – 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY Managing Director, Sr. Equity Analyst Company Name BDR Research Group (fka Black Diamond Research) Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location New York, NY See more positions Education New York University, Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance and International Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 North Carolina State University Degree Name BS, Cum Laude Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 13 endorsements for Equities 13 Equities Endorsed by Jeff Parsons and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chris’ colleagues at Topeka Capital Markets, Inc Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 12 endorsements for Hedge Funds 12 Hedge Funds Michael Rindos and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 12 endorsements for Equity Research 12 Equity Research Endorsed by Michael Rindos and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Aegis Capital 1,320 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,950 followers The Family Office Club - #1 Largest Family Office Association | Ultra-Wealthy Wealth Management 126,212 members Hedge Fund, Private Equity & Alternative Investments Networking Group - Powered by IvyExec.com 69,256 members NYU Alternative Investors 1,048 members North Carolina State University 198,936 followers See all See all following
More Actions Billy has a account Billy Pidgeon Independent analyst/executive Go Play Research Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Billy Pidgeon is an independent analyst and games industry expert, interviewed regularly in print, radio and television and appearing at events as keynote speaker, moderator and panelist. Billy consults for manufacturers, publishers, developers, carriers and retailers on market forecasting, business and marketing strategy. Billy was a senior analyst at Inside Network, where he was principal author of the SOARS social app reports. He previously was senior analyst at M2 Research, a boutique market research firm covering the games industry. He has over twenty years' experience in the electronic entertainment industry, first as a producer and executive producer of console and computer games, followed by extensive experience in research, management and product development specializing in the PC, console and mobile games market. Since becoming a market research analyst with Jupiter Media Metrix in 1999, Billy has authored numerous market research reports, bulletins and articles covering a wide range of game hardware, software, services and technology. His reports have included: tracking and contextualizing enthusiast and mass-market gamer behavior, intention, and purchasing patterns; revenue generated from hardware, software, paid digital download, in-game advertising and transactions (including free to play aka F2P); and distribution, use and development of online and offline games for all dedicated, multipurpose and mobile platforms, single and multiplayer games. Billy began his career in video games in 1988 as a producer for Hi Tech Expressions, a small computer and console software publisher and was hired as an executive producer from 1992 to 1996 for Acclaim Entertainment, one of the leading game publishers worldwide at that time. Specialties: Market research, strategy, production, management, emerging business models, digital distribution, competitive analysis, forecasting, expert witness reports and testimony. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Analyst & Consultant Company Name Go Play Research Dates Employed Sep 2004 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 10 mos Independent consultant and analyst, covering the tactical and strategic aspects of the digital entertainment media industry across all markets from casual and educational to high-end enthusiast software and hardware. Identifying clients’ opportunities and obstacles based on assessment of complete industry ecosystem, including console and handheld entertainment hardware, packaged software, digital distribution, and online games technology, software and services (free to play, advertising subsidized and paid) for all platforms. Advising executive management of international client companies, consulted with industry leaders on business strategy and marketing messaging. Senior Analyst Company Name Inside Network Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Location New York, NY Launched Social App Research Service (SOARS) for Inside Network, a leader in tracking application performance and market trends across social and mobile platforms. SOARS monthly reports were designed to help companies capitalize on the growing social economy by providing insight into user and developer trends in specific app genres, including games, and business models including F2P, paid and ancillary advertising revenue. Media (1) This position has 1 media Telx Marketplace Live 2012 - The Future of Digital Media Telx Marketplace Live 2012 - The Future of Digital Media This media is a video Senior Analyst Company Name M2 Research Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos As senior analyst for M2 Research, Billy provided marketing strategy and intelligence, custom analysis and research, and consumer and technology insights for a clients ranging from large game publishers and technology providers to independent start ups. M2 focuses on mobile/social games and platforms, technology and demographics, games and growth opportunities, and gamification. Billy was also a contributor to Gaming Business Review, M2's online news information source for business for games industry and interactive media. Media (3) This position has 3 media The Kinect Effect The Kinect Effect This media is a video New iPad: The App Ecosystem on MSN Video New iPad: The App Ecosystem on MSN Video This media is a link Video Game Stocks a Holiday Score? Video Game Stocks a Holiday Score? This media is a video Research Manager, Consumer Markets: Gaming Company Name IDC Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location New York, NY Developed and authored research forecasting global games industry revenue and accessible market growth across all sectors including packaged and online game software and services. Identified, tracked and projected emerging business models including F2P, paid downloaded games and add-on content.Designed, fielded and interpreted surveys to track consumer attitudes, purchase intent and behavior to identify disruptors, accelerators and inhibitors of evolving business models and revenue streams. Media (2) This position has 2 media Where is Gaming Going? | Connected Social Media Where is Gaming Going? | Connected Social Media This media is a link Gamings New Frontier Gamings New Frontier This media is a link Senior Analyst Company Name Zelos Group Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Jun 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location New York, NY Authored reports on wireless, handheld, console and PC games and entertainment, advised clients on competitive market strategy for a research and advisory services firm assisting leading technology companies and service providers in the interactive services sector. Fielded consumer surveys and built projections for mobile game revenues based on F2P, subscription and advertising-subsidized business models. Created custom research for the company, which focused on voice applications, wireless applications, directory assistance and electronic games across multiple platforms, networks and devices. Media (2) This position has 2 media Nintendo Struggles for Victory of Old Nintendo Struggles for Victory of Old This media is a link TECHNOLOGY; No Longer a Solitary Pursuit, Video Games Move Online TECHNOLOGY; No Longer a Solitary Pursuit, Video Games Move Online This media is a link See more positions Featured Skills & Endorsements Video Games See 104 endorsements for Video Games 99+ Video Games Endorsed by Don Daglow and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Billy’s colleagues at IDC Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Media See 67 endorsements for Digital Media 67 Digital Media Endorsed by Alan Lewis and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Billy’s colleagues at IDC Click and drag to reorder skills Mobile Devices See 57 endorsements for Mobile Devices 57 Mobile Devices Endorsed by Ross Rubin and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Billy’s colleagues at IDC Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (17) Given (4) Paul Campbell VP Innovation / Head of Silicon Valley Innovation Center at Schneider Electric March 17, 2014, Paul was a client of Billy’s Billy provided keen insights that helped my Gaming PC team make the best roadmap, strategy and go-to-market choices. Awesome adviser. Allen Rausch Senior Technical Content Manager at Ring March 10, 2014, Allen worked with Billy in different groups The first thing that always strikes me upon meeting Billy is his ferocious intelligence. He has a strong analytical mind and can always be counted on to provide the best recommendation he can for his clients. He's also just a generally teriffic guy and a pleasure to work with. I would recommend him unreservedly to any organization that wishes to hire him. You'll be getting a real asset. View 15 more recommendations View 15 more recommendations recommendations Mariam Sughayer Corporate Communications at The Walt Disney Company April 14, 2009, Billy worked with Mariam but at different companies Mariam is expert at exchanging information to credibly inform analysts while competitively positioning her company. She has deftly managed messaging to effective purpose during positive announcements, damage control and day to day business. Perrin Kaplan Sr. Executive: Communications and Marketing in Video Gaming, Emerging Technology, VR, Consumer Products, Entertainment November 17, 2008, Billy worked with Perrin but at different companies I am privileged to have worked with Perrin from the beginning of my career as a games industry market analyst in 1999. I have worked with many marketing and corporate communications executives since then, and while most are well informed and effective, very few can compete with Perrin. Perrin's insight, dedication and ability to inspire others to attempt to reach her level of over-achievement allowed her to play a pivotal role in Nintendo's transformation from underdog status to industry leader. Perrin also deserves credit for fostering videogames' current positive public image. Any team able to convince Perrin to join is likely to attain success beyond expectations. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Billy has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications "Facebook Games: Increasing Consumer Engagement," "Trion Worlds: Lars Buttler Talks Shop" Interests Becky QuickBecky Quick is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-anchor of CNBC's Squawk Box from 6-9amET 233,323 followers fortyseven communications 1,247 followers Jason CalacanisJason Calacanis is a LinkedIn Influencer entrepreneur, angel investor, writer, father and talk show host. 324,950 followers Irish Angel Investment Forum 2,123 members Amazon 2,278,787 followers App Conference 256 members See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Cha, CFA Partner, Equity Analyst at Brown Advisory Brown Advisory New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Partner, Equity Research Company Name Brown Advisory Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Baltimore, MD Research Analyst Company Name OppenheimerFunds Dates Employed Dec 2003 – Mar 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Houston, TX Investment Officer Company Name Bethlehem Steel Pension Trust Dates Employed 2000 – 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 University of Virginia Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1990 Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 15 endorsements for Investments 15 Investments Endorsed by 3 of Eric’s colleagues at Brown Advisory Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 14 endorsements for Equity Research 14 Equity Research Endorsed by 4 of Eric’s colleagues at Brown Advisory Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 8 endorsements for Valuation 8 Valuation Endorsed by Nigel Frankson, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Eric’s colleagues at Brown Advisory Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Eric has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests Value Investing Congress 12,891 members Real Economy Capital, LLC 15 followers Brown Advisory 8,580 followers University of Virginia 176,412 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,950 followers NYU Stern School of Business 100,903 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tara has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Tara Raveendran Healthcare Analyst SSquared Consulting Solutions Ltd Imperial College London London, Greater London, United Kingdom 253 253 connections Send InMail I am a dedicated and resourceful individual with c.10 years of experience as a sell-side analyst within the Healthcare and Life Science sectors. I have extensive experience in analytical writing, equity analysis and financial modelling, together with technical expertise and a hypothesis-driven approach to problem solving and decision making, from my strong academic background in science (PhD in Structural Biology, completed 2006). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director Company Name SSquared Consulting Solutions Ltd Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Healthcare Analyst Company Name Shore Capital Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Corporate Finance Advisory (Healthcare), Manager Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location London Consultant Company Name S2 Consulting (sole trader, business) Dates Employed 2013 – 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Equity Analyst (VP) Company Name Jefferies International Ltd Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location London, United Kingdom * Co-coverage of 25 European biotech, mid-cap pharma & life sciences stocks* Building detailed financial models* Preparing published research reports* Market analysis using proprietary and 3rd party data* Coordinating with company managements to provide access to key current and potential shareholders See more positions Education Imperial College London Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Structural Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 My PhD involved the use of nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), amongst a number of additional biophysical techniques, to elucidate the structural characteristics of a DNA repair enzyme. Imperial College London Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Biochemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Mentor College, Canada Degree Name High School Diploma (Ontario, Canada) Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 13 endorsements for Financial Modeling 13 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Brigitte de Lima, PhD CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Tara’s colleagues at Jefferies Click and drag to reorder skills Biotechnology See 8 endorsements for Biotechnology 8 Biotechnology Gavin MacGregor and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 7 endorsements for Financial Analysis 7 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Brigitte de Lima, PhD CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Deepak Chopra MD (official)Deepak Chopra MD (official) is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chopra Foundation 5,024,460 followers Third Rock Ventures 8,140 followers Biotech and Money Executive Community 1,340 members Global Healthcare (TGL) 1,407 members AnalystsOnline.com 637 members PharmaVentures 1,536 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Toepfer Incoming Equity Research Analyst at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Indiana University Bloomington Naperville, Illinois 422 422 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Incoming Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Consulting Intern Company Name FactSet Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Aerospace & Defense Analyst Company Name Indiana University Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Bloomington, Indiana Area Media (2) This position has 2 media Raytheon Research Report Raytheon Research Report This media is a document Raytheon Presentation Raytheon Presentation This media is a document Cashier Company Name Culvers Restaurant Dates Employed May 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Naperville, IL Mover Company Name Planes Companies Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos See more positions Education Indiana University Bloomington Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Accounting, Finance, and Technology Management Grade Junior Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2017 Activities and Societies: National Society of Collegiate Scholars, Investment Banking Club, Finance Club, Investment Management Workshop, Portfolio Management Club, Knall-Cohen Fund, Undergraduate Investment Club Featured Skills & Endorsements Problem Solving See 6 endorsements for Problem Solving 6 Problem Solving Nitish Sanil and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Tenacious Work Ethic See 5 endorsements for Tenacious Work Ethic 5 Tenacious Work Ethic Austin Graham and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 2 endorsements for Customer Service 2 Customer Service Andrew He and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Piper Jaffray 17,883 followers Barclays 469,020 followers Dream Corps 1,215 followers Calamos Investments 5,858 followers Attalus Capital 439 followers Indiana University Bloomington 264,283 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephen has a account Stephen Parsons Capital markets and mining professional - Investor Relations / Equity Research / Mining Engineer Yamana Gold Inc. Queen's University Toronto, Ontario, Canada 442 442 connections Send InMail Experienced Director Equity Research with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Skilled in Capital Markets, Gold, Corporate Finance, Minerals, and Base Metals. Strong research professional with a Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) focused in Mining and Mineral Engineering from Queen's University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Company Name Yamana Gold Inc. Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Director, Equity Research Analyst (Mining) Company Name National Bank Financial Dates Employed May 2008 – May 2017 Employment Duration 9 yrs 1 mo Equity Research Analyst -Mining Company Name MGI Securities Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada Equity Research - Research Associate (Mining) Company Name GMP Securities Dates Employed 2003 – 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Toronto Mineral Processing Engineer Company Name Minnovex Technologies Inc Dates Employed 2000 – 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada See more positions Education Queen's University Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Mining and Mineral Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 8 endorsements for Financial Modeling 8 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Adam Low, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Stephen’s colleagues at MGI Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Base Metals See 4 endorsements for Base Metals 4 Base Metals Brad Humphrey and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Gold See 4 endorsements for Gold 4 Gold Endorsed by Brad Humphrey, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Economist 4,116,667 followers Investor Relations & Investment Banking 10,759 members Sherritt International Corporation 7,152 followers Metal Bulletin Research Network 7,019 members @ METALS & MINING 55,914 members COPPER CATHODE TRADING 2,521 members See all See all following
More Actions Scott has a account Scott Berg Managing Director, Sr. Research Analyst at Needham & Company Needham & Company University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity sell-side investment analyst covering Software companies. Current coverage includes Amber Road (AMBR), Bazaarvoice (BV), ChannelAdvisor (ECOM), Cornerstone OnDemand (CSOD), Determine (DTRM), Everbridge (EVBG), Five9 (FIVN), Healthstream (HSTM), HubSpot (HUBS), Instructure (INST), Medidata (MDSO), Paylocity (PCTY), Pros Holdings (PRO), Salesforce.com (CRM), SPS Commerce (SPSC), Tyler Technologies (TYL), Ultimate Software (ULTI), Upland Software (UPLD), Veeva (VEEV), and Workday (WDAY), See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Scott’s Activity 1,188 followers HighJump Recognized by Quadrant Knowledge Solutions as a Global WMS Market Leader Scott liked What Could Save Equity Research? Scott liked We are hiring! Looking for data entry / secretary position to be filled, with knowledge of quickbooks and good with customers. Must be dependable, on time, and good communication skills. Scott liked Ceridian Leads Workforce Management Technology Value Matrix for Third Consecutive Year Scott liked See all activity Experience Managing Director, Sr. Research Analyst Company Name Needham & Company Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Senior Equity Research Analyst covering enterprise software. Vice President, Sr. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Northland Securities Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Senior Equity Research Analyst covering enterprise software. Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Feltl and Company Dates Employed Dec 2009 – May 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Senior Equity Research Analyst covering enterprise software. Research Analyst Company Name ThinkEquity Partners Dates Employed 2008 – 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Research Associate covering Human Capital Management software and Business Services companies. Division Director - Permanent Placement Division Company Name Robert Half Technology Dates Employed 2004 – 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs Permanent Placement IT Recruiter currently managing a team of perm placement recruiters in the Mpls/St. Paul metro area. I specialized in the placement of Application Developers with .NET and Java experience, Infrastructure Engineers and Administrators, and management level positions. See more positions Education University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Activities and Societies: Kappa Sigma Fraternity Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 24 endorsements for Equity Research 24 Equity Research Endorsed by 2 of Scott’s colleagues at RBC Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 23 endorsements for Financial Modeling 23 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 4 of Scott’s colleagues at RBC Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 20 endorsements for Equities 20 Equities Endorsed by Anthony Falce and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Scott’s colleagues at RBC Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (4) Patrick Appel Senior Manager Deskside Support at RBC July 25, 2006, Patrick was a client of Scott’s I highly endorse and recommend Scott and his work. Not only does he provide excellent placement services, he does it in a very friendly and personnal level. He's very keen on placing the right person in the right environment, not just the job. I've really enjoyed working with Scott and look forward to future endeavors with him. Dan Walicke Systems Administrator February 7, 2012, Scott managed Dan directly I had the opportunity to work with Dan twice, once managing his work at RBC Capital Markets and then working with him at ThinkEquity. Dan has a unique ability within the IT industry to blend a strong technical skill set along with a superior end user support experience. This uncommon skill combination allowed Dan to consistently exceed expectations and would transcend any IT environment. Stephanie Smith Talent Acquisition Manager at Factory Motor Parts February 13, 2009, Stephanie was a client of Scott’s Stephanie was my customer for about 2 years while I was an agency recruiter with Robert Half Technology. Stephanie was a model customer for me and was absolutely wonderful to work with. She was very knowledgeable about her company and went the "extra mile" to provide me with the information that enabled me to be successful in my role working with her. An even better measurement of her work was the feedback my candidates provided to me on the interview process at Gelco/Concur. My candidates always gave high marks because the process was professional and the positions were exactly as advertised with no surprises. These traits speak highly about Stephanie's abilities and I assume the results she garnered. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Northland Securities 602 followers University of Minnesota-Twin Cities 288,815 followers Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members Andrew 'Flip' FilipowskiAndrew &#39;Flip&#39; Filipowski is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-CEO Fluree, building a new business application platform. 189,168 followers LEHRN (Leading Edge HR Network) 1,294 members DealFlow Source Network | Private Equity, Venture Capital, M&A Deal Flow 134,019 members See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Kapsch Managing Director, Senior Equity Research Analyst Aegis Capital Corp. New York University, Stern School of Business New York, New York 423 423 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Chris’ Activity 423 followers "Companies get the investors they deserve" -Managing for the long term in a short term world #NIRI2017 Chris shared this See all activity Experience Managing Director, Senior Institutional Equity Research Analyst Company Name Aegis Capital Corp. Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location New York, NY Managing Director, Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name BB&T Capital Markets Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location New York, NY Senior Equity Analyst covering Chemicals & Advanced Materials sectors Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Topeka Capital Markets Dates Employed 2012 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location New York, NY Sr. Equity Analyst Company Name BNP Paribas Dates Employed 2011 – 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY Managing Director, Sr. Equity Analyst Company Name BDR Research Group (fka Black Diamond Research) Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location New York, NY See more positions Education New York University, Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance and International Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 North Carolina State University Degree Name BS, Cum Laude Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 13 endorsements for Equities 13 Equities Endorsed by Michael Rindos and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chris’ colleagues at Topeka Capital Markets, Inc Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 12 endorsements for Hedge Funds 12 Hedge Funds Michael Rindos and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 12 endorsements for Equity Research 12 Equity Research Endorsed by Michael Rindos and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Hedge Fund, Private Equity & Alternative Investments Networking Group - Powered by IvyExec.com 69,256 members NYU Stern School of Business 100,903 followers BB&T Capital Markets 6,483 followers NYU Alternative Investors 1,048 members Aegis Capital 1,320 followers See all See all following
More Actions Edward has a account Edward Goldsmith Prime Brokerage - Capital Consulting at UBS Investment Bank UBS CFA Institute New Malden, Greater London, United Kingdom 448 448 connections Send InMail Associate Director at UBS Investment Bank within Prime Brokerage, working for the Capital Consulting team. Passed the CFA Level III exam in June 2016. University of Bath undergraduate with a First-class honours degree in Business Administration. Undertook an academic exchange in final year of university at McIntire School of Commerce - one of the top undergrad business schools in the US and part of the University of Virginia. Previously employed by M&G Investments as an Equity Research Analyst and UBS Investment Bank in Equity Finance Trading as part of university degree placements. Work experience gained at Lippincott (part of Oliver Wyman Group), Deutsche Bank, Schroders and Standard Chartered Bank. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Edward’s Activity 447 followers Since launching in 2015, The Baobab Network have worked with some of Africa's most talented women tech entreprenuers that are running businesses that use innovation and technology to solve pressing market problems. Quite simply, we have been blown away by the passion, talent and innovations that we have seen. This July, we will be hosting an event in London to showcase some of the companies we have worked with, sharing some of the work our teams have delivered and the innovations we have seen. We will also discuss some of the challenges faced by start-ups in countries like Kenya, Zambia, Ghana and Rwanda, as founders look to scale their businesses and ideas. We're also very excited to be joined by Eunice Baguma Ball, Founder and Director of The Africa Technology Business Network, and also project lead of #HerFutureAfrica, a programme equipping young African female entrepreneurs with the right tools, mentorship and networks to launch high-impact businesses. To find out more or sign up for the event, email the team on team@thebaobabnetwork.com Edward liked See all activity Experience Associate Director - Capital Consulting Company Name UBS Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom Providing consulting and capital raising services to Hedge Funds. Analyst - Capital Introduction & Business Consulting Company Name UBS Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location London, United Kingdom Providing consulting and capital raising services to Hedge Funds. Equity Finance Trading Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location 1 Finsbury Avenue Six month placement as part of my University degree within Equity Finance Trading at UBS. Analyst Company Name Students of Bath Investment Club (SOBIC) Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr AELTC Court Attendant Company Name Compass Group Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location All England Lawn Tennis Club Worked at both the Wimbledon Championships 2012 and the London 2012 Olympic Tennis Event as a Court Attendant. See more positions Education CFA Institute Passed Level III of the CFA Program in June 2016 and may be awarded the charter upon completion of the required work experience. University of Bath Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Business Administration Grade First-class honours (average 75.98%) Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 University of Virginia Degree Name McIntire School of Commerce Grade GPA 3.925 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 Academic Exchange Program in the US. See more education Volunteer Experience Head Cricket Coach Company Name Falconbrook Primary School Dates volunteered Sep 2008 – May 2010 Volunteer duration 1 yr 9 mos Cause Education Community Service with children aged 10 - 11 at an Inner London School. Volunteer Company Name Bath Mencap Sports Group Dates volunteered Feb 2012 – Jun 2012 Volunteer duration 5 mos Volunteer work and sports coaching for teenagers and adults with learning and physical disabilities. Volunteer Intern Company Name London Children's Museum Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Sep 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Voluntary work at new non-profit organisation that is creating and developing a London Museum solely for children. Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 6 endorsements for Business Analysis 6 Business Analysis Anthony Plom and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 3 endorsements for Data Analysis 3 Data Analysis Anthony Plom and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 3 endorsements for Investment Banking 3 Investment Banking Toby Hanington and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Edward has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Accenture Prize 2014 BP Prize 2013 Deloitte Accounting and Finance Award 2011 The Suzanne Admiraal Scholarship 2010 - 2014 Interests UBS Employee & Alumni Network 17,848 members Bath School of Management 4,720 members Sergio P. ErmottiSergio P. Ermotti is a LinkedIn Influencer Group Chief Executive Officer at UBS 147,426 followers University of Virginia 165,489 followers Hedge Fund, Private Equity & Alternative Investments Networking Group - Powered by IvyExec.com 69,256 members University of Virginia 176,412 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Lau Research Analyst at AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein The Chinese University of Hong Kong Hong Kong 85 85 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Research Analyst Company Name AllianceBernstein Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Hong Kong Investment Analyst Company Name Bowen Asia Ltd Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Research Analyst Company Name Polaris Capital Ltd Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Education The Chinese University of Hong Kong Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Finance and Financial Management Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 2 endorsements for Financial Modeling 2 Financial Modeling Denny Ma and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 2 endorsements for Valuation 2 Valuation Mark Lee and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 1 endorsement for Equities 1 Equities Mark Lee has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests AB 31,551 followers The Chinese University of Hong Kong 78,923 followers The Chinese University of Hong Kong 72,462 followers
More Actions Billy has a account Billy Pidgeon Independent analyst/executive Go Play Research Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Billy Pidgeon is an independent analyst and games industry expert, interviewed regularly in print, radio and television and appearing at events as keynote speaker, moderator and panelist. Billy consults for manufacturers, publishers, developers, carriers and retailers on market forecasting, business and marketing strategy. Billy was a senior analyst at Inside Network, where he was principal author of the SOARS social app reports. He previously was senior analyst at M2 Research, a boutique market research firm covering the games industry. He has over twenty years' experience in the electronic entertainment industry, first as a producer and executive producer of console and computer games, followed by extensive experience in research, management and product development specializing in the PC, console and mobile games market. Since becoming a market research analyst with Jupiter Media Metrix in 1999, Billy has authored numerous market research reports, bulletins and articles covering a wide range of game hardware, software, services and technology. His reports have included: tracking and contextualizing enthusiast and mass-market gamer behavior, intention, and purchasing patterns; revenue generated from hardware, software, paid digital download, in-game advertising and transactions (including free to play aka F2P); and distribution, use and development of online and offline games for all dedicated, multipurpose and mobile platforms, single and multiplayer games. Billy began his career in video games in 1988 as a producer for Hi Tech Expressions, a small computer and console software publisher and was hired as an executive producer from 1992 to 1996 for Acclaim Entertainment, one of the leading game publishers worldwide at that time. Specialties: Market research, strategy, production, management, emerging business models, digital distribution, competitive analysis, forecasting, expert witness reports and testimony. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Analyst & Consultant Company Name Go Play Research Dates Employed Sep 2004 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 10 mos Independent consultant and analyst, covering the tactical and strategic aspects of the digital entertainment media industry across all markets from casual and educational to high-end enthusiast software and hardware. Identifying clients’ opportunities and obstacles based on assessment of complete industry ecosystem, including console and handheld entertainment hardware, packaged software, digital distribution, and online games technology, software and services (free to play, advertising subsidized and paid) for all platforms. Advising executive management of international client companies, consulted with industry leaders on business strategy and marketing messaging. Senior Analyst Company Name Inside Network Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Location New York, NY Launched Social App Research Service (SOARS) for Inside Network, a leader in tracking application performance and market trends across social and mobile platforms. SOARS monthly reports were designed to help companies capitalize on the growing social economy by providing insight into user and developer trends in specific app genres, including games, and business models including F2P, paid and ancillary advertising revenue. Media (1) This position has 1 media Telx Marketplace Live 2012 - The Future of Digital Media Telx Marketplace Live 2012 - The Future of Digital Media This media is a video Senior Analyst Company Name M2 Research Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos As senior analyst for M2 Research, Billy provided marketing strategy and intelligence, custom analysis and research, and consumer and technology insights for a clients ranging from large game publishers and technology providers to independent start ups. M2 focuses on mobile/social games and platforms, technology and demographics, games and growth opportunities, and gamification. Billy was also a contributor to Gaming Business Review, M2's online news information source for business for games industry and interactive media. Media (3) This position has 3 media The Kinect Effect The Kinect Effect This media is a video New iPad: The App Ecosystem on MSN Video New iPad: The App Ecosystem on MSN Video This media is a link Video Game Stocks a Holiday Score? Video Game Stocks a Holiday Score? This media is a video Research Manager, Consumer Markets: Gaming Company Name IDC Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location New York, NY Developed and authored research forecasting global games industry revenue and accessible market growth across all sectors including packaged and online game software and services. Identified, tracked and projected emerging business models including F2P, paid downloaded games and add-on content.Designed, fielded and interpreted surveys to track consumer attitudes, purchase intent and behavior to identify disruptors, accelerators and inhibitors of evolving business models and revenue streams. Media (2) This position has 2 media Where is Gaming Going? | Connected Social Media Where is Gaming Going? | Connected Social Media This media is a link Gamings New Frontier Gamings New Frontier This media is a link Senior Analyst Company Name Zelos Group Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Jun 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location New York, NY Authored reports on wireless, handheld, console and PC games and entertainment, advised clients on competitive market strategy for a research and advisory services firm assisting leading technology companies and service providers in the interactive services sector. Fielded consumer surveys and built projections for mobile game revenues based on F2P, subscription and advertising-subsidized business models. Created custom research for the company, which focused on voice applications, wireless applications, directory assistance and electronic games across multiple platforms, networks and devices. Media (2) This position has 2 media Nintendo Struggles for Victory of Old Nintendo Struggles for Victory of Old This media is a link TECHNOLOGY; No Longer a Solitary Pursuit, Video Games Move Online TECHNOLOGY; No Longer a Solitary Pursuit, Video Games Move Online This media is a link See more positions Featured Skills & Endorsements Video Games See 104 endorsements for Video Games 99+ Video Games Endorsed by Don Daglow and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Billy’s colleagues at IDC Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Media See 67 endorsements for Digital Media 67 Digital Media Endorsed by Rob Leathern and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Billy’s colleagues at IDC Click and drag to reorder skills Mobile Devices See 57 endorsements for Mobile Devices 57 Mobile Devices Endorsed by Ross Rubin and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Billy’s colleagues at IDC Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (17) Given (4) Paul Campbell VP Innovation / Head of Silicon Valley Innovation Center at Schneider Electric March 17, 2014, Paul was a client of Billy’s Billy provided keen insights that helped my Gaming PC team make the best roadmap, strategy and go-to-market choices. Awesome adviser. Allen Rausch Senior Technical Content Manager at Ring March 10, 2014, Allen worked with Billy in different groups The first thing that always strikes me upon meeting Billy is his ferocious intelligence. He has a strong analytical mind and can always be counted on to provide the best recommendation he can for his clients. He's also just a generally teriffic guy and a pleasure to work with. I would recommend him unreservedly to any organization that wishes to hire him. You'll be getting a real asset. View 15 more recommendations View 15 more recommendations recommendations Mariam Sughayer Corporate Communications at The Walt Disney Company April 14, 2009, Billy worked with Mariam but at different companies Mariam is expert at exchanging information to credibly inform analysts while competitively positioning her company. She has deftly managed messaging to effective purpose during positive announcements, damage control and day to day business. Perrin Kaplan Sr. Executive: Communications and Marketing in Video Gaming, Emerging Technology, VR, Consumer Products, Entertainment November 17, 2008, Billy worked with Perrin but at different companies I am privileged to have worked with Perrin from the beginning of my career as a games industry market analyst in 1999. I have worked with many marketing and corporate communications executives since then, and while most are well informed and effective, very few can compete with Perrin. Perrin's insight, dedication and ability to inspire others to attempt to reach her level of over-achievement allowed her to play a pivotal role in Nintendo's transformation from underdog status to industry leader. Perrin also deserves credit for fostering videogames' current positive public image. Any team able to convince Perrin to join is likely to attain success beyond expectations. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Billy has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications "Facebook Games: Increasing Consumer Engagement," "Trion Worlds: Lars Buttler Talks Shop" Interests Kabam 21,132 followers The Bohle Company 323 followers F2P Forum 144 members Henry BlodgetHenry Blodget is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Editor, Business Insider 469,295 followers Media & Entertainment Professionals 225,305 members Jason CalacanisJason Calacanis is a LinkedIn Influencer entrepreneur, angel investor, writer, father and talk show host. 324,950 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Martins Equity Researcher and Investment Strategist | Career Coach and Professional Consultant | Speaker Sell Side Researcher LLC New York University Tampa, Florida 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail ➤ SELL SIDE RESEARCHER CONTACT DETAILS ✉ E-mail: founder@sellsideresearcher.com ⓦ Home Page: www.sellsideresearcher.com ⓕ Facebook: www.facebook.com/sellsideresearcher ⓣ Twitter: @sellsider ➤ DEDICATED TO HELPING PROFESSIONALS START A CAREER IN EQUITY RESEARCH What is equity research like? What does one need to know to break into research? How can a recent MBA or college grad, without prior equity research experience, get a job offer? These are fair questions that I had myself, at one point in my career, for which I found good answers over time. I turned these answers into strategies that I used to help me secure a spot as a sell side equity research associate in NYC. Now, I share the same strategies with other career aspirants. Sell Side Researcher was born in 2015 out of the need to fill a gap for good equity research-specific resources to help career aspirants better prepare for the application process. My flagship services -- the eGuide and eCoach -- teach clients how to prepare and distribute a high-quality application package that yields much better results than the traditional resume and cover letter strategy. ☛ Visit my blog page at www.sellsideresearcher.com/blog ☛ Check out my services page at www.sellsideresearcher.com/our-services ➤ SPECIALTIES ★ Company research ★ Research report writing ★ Financial modeling ★ Relative valuation ★ Stock pitching ★ Interview coaching ★ Career strategies ★ Speaker ➤ 10 YEARS OF EXPERIENCE IN EQUITY RESEARCH, AUDIT AND FINANCIAL ANALYSIS ➢ I am also the current Head Researcher of independent firm DM Martins Research ➢ Prior to founding Sell Side Researcher, I was a Senior Research Associate at FBR Capital Markets, covering the Communications Equipment and Energy Services sectors. ➢ Prior to FBR, I worked in financial analysis and audit at GE, Nielsen and hedge fund Bridgewater Associates. ➢ I hold an MBA degree from NYU, with an emphasis in Financial Markets and Economics. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Daniel’s Articles & Activity 1,193 followers Markets Down: A Reminder That This Is Still The Real World Daniel Martins on LinkedIn See 28 more articles Lowe's has been performing well. But the inevitable comparison with super-star Home Depot might be behind the stock's recent weakness. Here's my article. $LOW Daniel shared this HP reports a very solid quarter, yet the stock takes a dive today. What gives? Here's my article. $HPQ Daniel shared this There's no stopping Best Buy ($BBY), one of the best-performing retailers in the sector. But has the stock run too far? Here's my article covering the company's earnings report. Daniel shared this See all activity Experience Founder | Equity Research Career Coach | Financial Modeling and Stock Pitching Trainer | Speaker Company Name Sell Side Researcher LLC Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs I founded Sell Side Researcher LLC with the goal of helping students and young professionals learn about and prepare for a career in sell side equity research.I believe many bright professionals interested in starting an equity research career are failing to achieve their full potential by: ✻ not developing their research skills properly ✻ once acquired, not showcasing their research skills adequately ✻ not reaching out to recruiters and hiring analysts in the most efficient wayHere's how I can help these professionals reach their goals:✠ Products and Services ✰ eGuide: I offer a 5-module guide + video tutorial that helps clients research companies, write a research report, build a financial model, prepare a stock pitch and showcase their skills to recruiters ✰ eCoach: all the benefits of the eGuide + live consulting and personalized resume critiquing ✰ Others: "Interview Prep Guide" for those getting ready for the equity research job interview, and "Starter Kit" for those looking to take the first few steps. ➢➢ For more information, visit www.sellsideresearcher.com✠ Blog posts: every month, I write about topics related to the equity research career, including: ✰ Truths and myths about the research profession ✰ What I wish I knew prior to becoming a researcher ✰ FAQ about the equity research career from business students and young professionals ➢➢ Visit my blog page at www.sellsideresearcher.com/blog and follow me on LinkedIn✠ Speaking engagements: I have presented to professional student clubs at several schools, including Cornell University, New York University and George Washington University. Other engagements are regularly being added to my calendar.✠ Additional information: sign up for my VIP mailing list and receive the 7-page "Equity Research Career Q&A" handout ➢➢ Visit www.sellsideresearcher.com -- sign up form is at the bottom of the home page Media (2) This position has 2 media Speaking to the Financial Modeling Club at the College of William and Mary Speaking to the Financial Modeling Club at the College of William and Mary This media is an image Sell Side Researcher eGuide and eCoach Sell Side Researcher eGuide and eCoach This media is a link Head Researcher | Investment Strategist | Value Investor Company Name Sell Side Researcher LLC Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Through DM Martins Research, an independent equity research firm under the Sell Side Researcher LLC umbrella, I scan the market looking for high-quality assets selling at a discounted price. I write thoroughly-researched articles using Seeking Alpha as my primary publishing and distribution platform. I also manage and coach a small team of high-caliber New York City-based contributors who research and write content through DM Martins Research. ☛ 4.5-star rated expert (top 12% overall) on TipRanks.com as of August 2016 ☛ Stock portfolio through August 2016 has yielded a YTD return of +19.5% vs. the S&P 500's +10.3% and the Russell 2000's +14.5%. ☛ Win ratio (number of stock calls whose returns have exceeded those of the S&P 500, as a percentage of total) of 57%. Absolute win ratio of 86% YTD. ☛ 100 publications and over half a million views through end of August 2016. ☛ Top 8 opinion leader in Quick Picks for Seeking Alpha, as of August 2016. Top 20 in the Technology sector.➤ STRATEGY✰ Investment horizon is primarily medium- to long-term (12 months or more)✰ Act as a contrarian to short-term consensus in order to identify the best investment opportunities✰ Tend to focus on energy and technology sectors ➢➢ Visit www.seekingalpha.com/author/d-m-martins-research for additional information➤ SPECIALTIES ★ Value investing and deep-value investing ★ Long-term horizon ★ Contrarian to short-term consensus ★ High-quality assets ★ Energy services sector coverage ★ Technology sector coverage ➢➢ Visit www.seekingalpha.com/author/d-m-martins-research/articles for full portfolio of research articles published to date. Media (5) This position has 5 media Previous Next [ARTICLE] Tracking A Good Deal In Tech: MiX Telematics Is A Rare Blend Of High-Quality At An Attractive Price [ARTICLE] Tracking A Good Deal In Tech: MiX Telematics Is A Rare Blend Of High-Quality At An Attractive Price This media is a link [ARTICLE] Motorola Solutions: LTE Opportunity And Airwave Acquisition Mask A Struggling Business [ARTICLE] Motorola Solutions: LTE Opportunity And Airwave Acquisition Mask A Struggling Business This media is a link [ARTICLE] Amidst The Rubble In The Energy Sector, Profire Energy Looks Ready To Be Scooped [ARTICLE] Amidst The Rubble In The Energy Sector, Profire Energy Looks Ready To Be Scooped This media is a link [ARTICLE] What Ray Dalio's Strategies May Teach Us About Long-Term Investing [ARTICLE] What Ray Dalio's Strategies May Teach Us About Long-Term Investing This media is a link [ARTICLE] Oil Price Bottom: Analysts Are Looking In The Wrong Place [ARTICLE] Oil Price Bottom: Analysts Are Looking In The Wrong Place This media is a link Senior Equity Research Associate | Company Research | Financial Modeling | Research Report Writing Company Name FBR Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area ✰ Researched companies in the network equipment and energy services sectors, supporting and advising vice-president of research on equity investment recommendations to the bank’s clients and sales associates✰ Pitched investment ideas on technology and energy stocks to internal sales team. Recommendations have returned, on average, more than 20% above the S&P 500, from pitch date to present ✰ Led interviews with senior executive management team of leading companies in the communications equipment and energy services sectors✰ Wrote detailed research reports that included company initiations, intra-quarter deep dive reports, earnings previews and reviews✰ Built and maintained 3-statement financial models, including valuation analysis and the projection of financial results✰ Completed coverage initiation research of a company within 2 months of employment with limited guidance✰ Hold Series 7, 63, 86 and 87 certifications Revenue Associate Company Name Bridgewater Associates Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Westport, CT ✰ Handled multiple hedge fund fee calculation deliverables, including reporting and analysis, under high accuracy requirements and within tight deadlines✰ Engaged with Client Service in multiple small projects to provide simulation and net-return analytics to clients ✰ Approved monthly fee calculations in the reconciliation of Net Asset Value and investigated fee discrepancies in Administrator’s calculations, identifying causes and recommending solutions Senior Finance Analyst Company Name The Nielsen Company Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Wilton, CT ✩ Analyzed consolidated financial results and partnered with global finance teams to research and explain month-over-month variances to senior executive managers✩ Led and organized the “Bullet Train” meetings, a process in which Chief Finance Officer and offsite managers across the company analyzed expenses, and assessed and proposed implementation of savings opportunities See more positions Education New York University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Specialization in Financial Instruments/Markets and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: GPA 3.5 The Ohio State University - The Max M. Fisher College of Business Degree Name Bachelor in Science Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Class of 2004Magna Cum Laude - GPA 3.8 Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 21 endorsements for Finance 21 Finance Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at FBR Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 13 endorsements for Financial Modeling 13 Financial Modeling Patti Leahy and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 13 endorsements for Valuation 13 Valuation Patti Leahy and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Michael DiFiore, Pharm.D., MBA Equity Research Analyst - Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals | Health Care Investor December 31, 2015, Michael was a client of Daniel’s Daniel has played a key role in helping me transition to a career in equity research. His expert opinion/insider perspective greatly helped me fine-tune my overall application strategy as well as better prepare for interviews. My time with Daniel was definitely well-spent, as I was able to secure a position shortly after meeting with him. That said, I believe that those looking to start their career in equity research would greatly benefit from Daniel's advice. Srikanth Inaganti,CFA Equity Research Associate at OPEN FIELD CAPITAL LIMITED December 4, 2015, Srikanth was a client of Daniel’s It is unfortunate that we have less than half an hour to showcase our skills in the interview. Daniel’s eCoach helped me immensely to present my skills better. His resume critique is an absolute must, and his recommendations are very helpful in getting an equity research job. Daniel Martins played a huge part in my interview process. I recommend him for anyone looking for a career in sell side research Michael DiFiore, Pharm.D., MBA Equity Research Analyst - Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals | Health Care Investor January 5, 2016, Daniel and Michael were students together Michael is a very driven and talented professional who I've had the pleasure of interacting with, first as a fellow NYU student. In helping him transition into equity research, I learned more about his professionalism and his motivations, and I am confident that he will be very successful in his new career. Michael is also a thoughtful friend and a pleasant person to be around. Accomplishments Daniel has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Duolingo Spanish Fluency: Advanced (Estimated) Series 63 Series 7 Series 86 Series 87 Daniel has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications LinkedIn Pulse ➢➢ 3 Reasons Why Resumes Will Become Obsolete LinkedIn Pulse ➢➢ 4 Important Tips for Financial Modeling in Sell Side Research Seeking Alpha ➢➢ Despite Tight Cost Control, Motorola Solutions Still Fails To Impress Seeking Alpha ➢➢ Tracking A Good Deal In Tech: MiX Telematics Is A Rare Blend Of High-Quality At An Attractive Price Seeking Alpha ➢➢ Amidst The Rubble In The Energy Sector, Profire Energy Looks Ready To Be Scooped Daniel has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Spanish Interests Sell Side Researchers 56 members Capital Markets (104159) 23,856 members The Ohio State University Fisher College of Business 38,182 followers Bridgewater Associates 50,103 followers Equity Research Analyst Career Opportunities 2,813 members NYU Stern School of Business Alumni (Official) 29,518 members See all See all following
More Actions Gregory has a account Gregory Parcella Director of Marketing & Client Relations at Roubaix Capital, LLC Roubaix Capital, LLC Carnegie Mellon University Greater New York City Area 425 425 connections Send InMail Unique combination of institutional sales and hedge fund investment experience: currently raising institutional capital for a fundamental U.S. long/short equity hedge fund following the successful generation of over $200 million inflows for a startup liquid alternative mutual fund company. Such alternative sales experience was subsequent to more than eight years of buy side long-only and long/short investing experience across both equity and credit securities and their related derivatives. Five of these eight years spent as a senior analyst at a hedge fund with a broad range of responsibilities including fundamental and technical investment research, trading, marketing and risk management. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Marketing & Client Relations Company Name Roubaix Capital, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Lead the marketing and asset raising initiatives for a fundamental research-driven long/short equity strategy focused on small and mid cap U.S. stocks. Manage relationships with institutional investors such as investment consultants, funds of hedge funds, family offices, wealth managers, banks and pension plans, as well as high net worth investors. Director of Business Development Company Name Long Short Advisors, LLC Dates Employed 2012 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Philadelphia Area Responsible for cultivating and managing investor relationships for the advisor to the LS Opportunity Fund (LSOFX), a long/short equity mutual fund. Generated over $200 million inflows from a base of just $35 million in legacy capital over a two year period. Senior Equity Research Analyst - Industrials, Energy, Materials Company Name Kacela Capital, LLC Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Senior analyst for long/short equity hedge fund with responsibility for industrials, energy and materials sectors. Supported PM in building portfolio of 30-50 longs and 20-40 shorts across three equity buckets: core, secular and event. Senior Analyst - Generalist Company Name Freestyle Fund Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Senior generalist analyst for global event driven hedge fund focused on equity and debt securities of companies experiencing change. Invested across the capital structure, with primary focus on special situation equities, leveraged loans, high yield bonds and credit default swaps. Equity Research Analyst - Generalist Company Name Ingleside Investors Dates Employed 2005 – 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area Sector generalist for global long/short equity hedge fund incubated in the family office of A.C. Israel Enterprises. Responsible for small and mid cap equity research across industrials, energy, materials, consumer staples and consumer discretionary sectors. See more positions Education Carnegie Mellon University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance & Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Skills Alternative Investments Alternative Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds Hedge Funds Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Credit Analysis Credit Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Ginney Song Experienced Investment Professional | Entrepreneurer July 15, 2015, Ginney worked with Gregory in the same group Ginney is a pro-active and thoughtful investor. Throughout my two years of working together at Kacela Capital, she has been a professional and contributing team player. It was a pleasure working together and I hope our paths cross again in the future. She brings a seasoned investment lens and would be a great addition to any investment organization. Christopher Zeoli Investment Team at Insight Venture Partners September 10, 2014, Gregory managed Christopher directly To Whom It May Concern:I highly recommend Christopher Zeoli as a candidate for employment at your firm. I had the pleasure of welcoming Chris to the Long Short Advisor's team as a full-time intern during the summer of 2013. I was extremely impressed with his professionalism, appetite to learn and keen interest in the investment management industry. I was so pleased with his performance and effort in his first summer here that I invited Chris back to work with us again in the summer of 2014.At such an early stage in his professional career, Chris possesses an impressive and wide breadth of investment related experience and a keen ability to solve technical problems and utilize technology. Chris’ work over his two summers was instrumental to the success of our fundraising efforts in 2013 and 2014, which saw us more than triple the assets of our long/short equity fund, the LS Opportunity Fund (LSOFX), to almost $200 million.During his first summer’s internship, Chris played a crucial role in developing a database of potential investors for the LS Opportunity Fund. Chris also helped refine the Long Short Advisors website (www.longshortadvisors.com) and various marketing collateral for the Fund. In his second summer, Chris worked on a variety of Excel models in support of LSOFX marketing and sales efforts. Most importantly, he restructured the Salesforce database and created an activity reporting process that is used by the CEO to track the sales process and evaluate how to most efficiently spend the firm's capital. Lastly, Chris also lent his technical expertise to the development and automation of several daily, monthly and quarterly tasks, freeing up a significant amount of my time to dedicate to selling. It speaks volumes that Chris was able to immediately grasp the intricacies of a complicated long/short equity investment strategy, and then use that knowledge to help shape the firm’s marketing process. Chris would be a tremendous asset for your company, and has my highest recommendation. If you have any further questions with regard to his background or qualifications, please do not hesitate to contact me directly.Sincerely,Gregory Parcella Accomplishments Gregory has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Series 65 Interests Hedge Fund Marketing & Sales Professionals 2,827 members Family Offices and Institutional Investors 10,568 members Hedge Fund Group | Alternative Investments, Fund of Funds, CTA Funds 20,330 members Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members Long / Short Equity Alternative Strategies 1,374 members The New York Hedge Fund Networking Group 2,513 members See all See all following
More Actions Larry has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Larry Marcus Managing Director at Walden Venture Capital TodayTix University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Sprout Stage Venture Capitalist Highlights Follow Follow Larry’s Activity 1,950 followers Wyzerr Takes Home $50K Prize at 36|86 For Their Gamified Surveys, Launches Publicly - Hypepotamus Larry commented Today marks the end of my nearly 18 year career at Verizon, Verizon Wireless, and most recently, Verizon Ventures. It’s the closing of a long chapter; a chapter that contains nearly all of my professional life. So many experiences, so many learnings, so many friends, and so many memories over this time - too many to capture in a short note. It has truly been a pleasure getting to know each and every person I’ve work with over this time – both inside Verizon and out. From the early days of youth and multi-cultural marketing, to building and growing VCast, to all the partnership efforts with Facebook/Google/Microsoft/Siri/and many more, to supporting the business with (hopefully) strong venture investments and strategic insights from Silicon Valley - and the start up community at large. I’ve been lucky to work with so many great leaders, who are now great friends. Your leadership will stick with me well past my days at Verizon, and your friendship will hopefully as well. I'll be forever grateful for all of the opportunities Verizon has provided me to learn, grow, and lead. I'll take these lessons and experiences with me throughout my career. And so with this post, I say farewell to Verizon. My next chapter, at Apple, begins on Monday. Larry liked See all activity Experience Board of Directors - Oberver Company Name TodayTix Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Board of Directors - Observer Company Name MeUndies Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Director Company Name goTenna Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Brooklyn, NY Managing Director Company Name Walden Venture Capital Dates Employed 2000 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Venture capital firm focused on “Sprout Stage” investments (post product or technology development), with mass market potential and powered by breakthrough technology / methodologies. Sector focus in digital media & cloud services. Making new investments from Fund VII and VIII. www.waldenvc.com San Francisco & Woodside, CA. Director Company Name SoundHound Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 6 mos sound search services provider. Products include SoundHound search and discovery, enabling music identification, singing search and voice search, lyrics, iPod integration among other joyful features. All powered by it's own Aound2Sound Search Science technology. See more positions Education University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business Degree Name MBA University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Economics / Political Science The University of Birmingham Degree Name Economic History Grade Junior Year abroad Activities and Societies: Education Abroad Program Featured Skills & Endorsements Venture Capital See 77 endorsements for Venture Capital 77 Venture Capital Endorsed by MICHAEL ROLNICK and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Larry’s colleagues at Walden Venture Capital Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 55 endorsements for Start-ups 55 Start-ups Endorsed by Jerome Engel and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Larry’s colleagues at Walden Venture Capital Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Partnerships See 44 endorsements for Strategic Partnerships 44 Strategic Partnerships Endorsed by Catherine Buan and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Larry’s colleagues at SoundHound Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests goTenna 860 followers Mika SalmiMika Salmi is a LinkedIn Influencer Technology and Media entrepreneur, executive, advisor and investor 70,141 followers BandPage 1,785 followers Geoff YangGeoff Yang is a LinkedIn Influencer Founding partner, Redpoint Ventures 124,703 followers O-film Tech Co., Ltd 861 followers TodayTix 942 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Byun SVP, Equity Research - Internet at Jefferies Jefferies Dartmouth College San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Financial Analysis/Equity Research Experience (20 years) As an equity analyst at technology-focused investment banks (15+ years with same team), responsible for: • financial modeling, analysis, and valuation; accounting issues such as revenue recognition • company & industry analysis; incl. product strategy, competitive positioning, M&A, sales channels • interaction with senior & mid-level management, institutional investors, customers & partners • authoring of research reports & slide decks; distributed to investor clients and to the public & media • investment recommendations, which led to top 3 team rankings in internal sales polls and II surveys • coverage of companies of all sizes ranging from pre-IPO to megacap publicly-traded entities • coverage mainly focused on software sector, with expertise in SaaS/Cloud, design, & enterprise apps • current & past coverage: Adobe, Autodesk, salesforce.com, Intuit, Cornerstone OnDemand, Workday, Ultimate Software, Paycom, Paylocity See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Vice President Company Name Jefferies Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Equity Research - Internet Director Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Equity Research - Software Associate Director Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Equity Research - Software Associate Analyst Company Name Citigroup Investment Research Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Equity Research - Software Associate Analyst Company Name Prudential Equity Group Dates Employed 2003 – 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Equity Research - Software See more positions Education Dartmouth College Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 The Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1990 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 18 endorsements for Financial Modeling 18 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Chris Haroun and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 16 endorsements for Equity Research 16 Equity Research Endorsed by Brian Mansfield and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 13 endorsements for Valuation 13 Valuation Endorsed by Chris Haroun, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Igor Zaslavsky Research Editor at UBS Investment Bank March 3, 2012, John worked with Igor in different groups I have had the pleasure of working with Igor for 3 years at UBS. Our team produced voluminous research reports, and he never failed us in turning around professional editorial reviews with very short turn around time. His comments were balanced - neither too much nor too little, but just appropriate for our needs and the needs of UBS. I would recommend him without reservations. Accomplishments John has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Korean John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members LinkedIn 2,167,505 followers Paycom 35,256 followers Marin Software 21,248 followers Cloud Computing, SaaS & Virtualization 470,836 members Northwestern University 191,689 followers See all See all following
More Actions Federica has a account Federica Nocera Data Scientist at Cambridge Analytica Cambridge Analytica The University of Chicago London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Data Scientist at Cambridge Analytica/SCL Group with interests in applying data analytics to the combination of human behavior and innovations within technology. While at the University of Chicago I undertook a project at the Knowledge Lab, creating predictive models of invention from the analysis of patent networks. Before turning to data science, I worked as an Equity Research Analyst covering European Media and Telecommunications companies for two years, and obtained an MEng in Engineering Science from Oxford University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Cambridge Analytica Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom Data Scientist Company Name SCL Elections Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom Research Assistant Company Name The University of Chicago Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Research Assistant at The Knowledge Lab, Computation Institute. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Education The University of Chicago Degree Name Master's of Arts Program in the Social Sciences Field Of Study with focus in Computational Social Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Courses taken to date: Introduction to Statistical Machine Learning, Machine Learning for Public Policy, Advanced Behavioral Marketing, Perspectives in Social Science, Computational Social Science, Network Analysis, Organizational Decision Making. University of Oxford Degree Name MEng Field Of Study Engineering Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Oxford Investment and Finance Society, Oxford University Yacht Club, Oxford Ski and Snowboard Club. BP Prize for Best Chemical Engineering Project 2010. The Godolphin and Latymer School Degree Name A Level Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, History and Italian, 5 A's at A Level Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 7 endorsements for Machine Learning 7 Machine Learning Gennaro Vinetto and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 7 endorsements for Python 7 Python Endorsed by Vadim Kyssa, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Modeling See 1 endorsement for Predictive Modeling 1 Predictive Modeling Fernando Tozzi has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Federica has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Italian Interests Civis Analytics 3,513 followers Hastings Direct 7,002 followers University of Oxford 278,193 followers The University of Chicago 117,305 followers Google 4,935,174 followers University of Oxford 324,083 followers See all See all following
More Actions Noah has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Noah Eccles Recruiting Executive at Kforce Inc Kforce Inc Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Recruiter for Kforce focused on Finance, Accounting, Audit, Tax and IT. I have 21 years of Financial Analysis experience with a large network and have been a mentor throughout my career and life. If you are a candidate or company that needs my help pursuing your goals, please call, email or message. Strong Student of Finance and Accounting with a Wharton MBA and over 12,000 hours of collaboration with Finance and Accounting Professionals Including CFO, Controller and COO. 15 years of Experience Researching and Collaborating with IT companies and departments. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Noah’s Activity 896 followers Overcoming the Stigma of Selling | Professional Development Blog | Jeff Pankoff | Sandler Training MN | Sales Training Twin Cities Noah liked See all activity Experience Talent Executive Company Name Kforce Inc Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Recruiter for Kforce focused on Finance, Accounting, Audit, Tax, and IT. Finance, Accounting and Technology Consultant Company Name Maplewood, NJ Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Led an accounting and finance related research project for a Fortune 500 company. Advised a leading online broker on the redesign of their website, mobile applications and underlying architecture.Lead advisor to a market research firm on the design and marketing of their financial services and enterprise related product lines. Portfolio Manager, Technology, Media & Telecom Company Name Visium Asset Management Dates Employed May 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location New York, NY Portfolio Manager, US Focused Technology Media & Telecom Equity Long/Short Book, Hedge Fund. Senior Analyst Company Name Clovis Capital Management L.P. Dates Employed Nov 2009 – May 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location New York, NY Returned to Clovis as Equity Research Analyst. Initial Focus on Technology, Media and Telecom. Responsibilities broadened to generalist coverage. Long/Short Hedge Fund. Proprietary Equity Trader Company Name MJL Partners/Dimension Trading Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Millburn, NJ Proprietary Trader focused on identifying and investing in market leaders. See more positions Education Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Trinity College-Hartford Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa Volunteer Experience Head Coach Company Name Maplewood Girls Lacrosse Club Dates volunteered Mar 2009 – Present Volunteer duration 8 yrs 4 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Sales See 4 endorsements for Sales 4 Sales Ted O'Donnell and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 2 endorsements for Public Speaking 2 Public Speaking Matthew Bobea, PMP and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Marketing See 5 endorsements for Marketing 5 Marketing Mordechai (Mordy) Kubany and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Noah has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests AppNeta 4,027 followers BroadSoft 19,598 followers Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members Kforce Inc 107,751 followers Agility Talent 7,639 followers The Wharton School 185,678 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Cavanaugh Senior Equity Analyst at LMCG Investments LMCG Investments University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Winchester, Massachusetts 200 200 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Research Analyst, Small & Smid Cap Team Company Name LMCG Investments Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Boston, MA Partner, Senior Research Analyst, Assistant Portfolio Manager, US Growth Equities Company Name Copper Rock Capital Partners Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 9 yrs Vice President/Equity Research Analyst Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed May 1999 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Vice President/Equity Research Analyst Company Name State Street Research Dates Employed Jul 1997 – May 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Boston College Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Asset Management See 3 endorsements for Asset Management 3 Asset Management Brian Tobin and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 2 endorsements for Equities 2 Equities Bill Forsyth and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 2 endorsements for Portfolio Management 2 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Timothy Buckley, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests LMCG Investments 931 followers Boston College 133,981 followers Copper Rock Capital Partners LLC 209 followers The Wharton School 158,697 followers The Wharton School 185,678 followers Boston College 129,701 followers
More Actions Gregory has a account Gregory Parcella Director of Marketing & Client Relations at Roubaix Capital, LLC Roubaix Capital, LLC Carnegie Mellon University Greater New York City Area 425 425 connections Send InMail Unique combination of institutional sales and hedge fund investment experience: currently raising institutional capital for a fundamental U.S. long/short equity hedge fund following the successful generation of over $200 million inflows for a startup liquid alternative mutual fund company. Such alternative sales experience was subsequent to more than eight years of buy side long-only and long/short investing experience across both equity and credit securities and their related derivatives. Five of these eight years spent as a senior analyst at a hedge fund with a broad range of responsibilities including fundamental and technical investment research, trading, marketing and risk management. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Marketing & Client Relations Company Name Roubaix Capital, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Lead the marketing and asset raising initiatives for a fundamental research-driven long/short equity strategy focused on small and mid cap U.S. stocks. Manage relationships with institutional investors such as investment consultants, funds of hedge funds, family offices, wealth managers, banks and pension plans, as well as high net worth investors. Director of Business Development Company Name Long Short Advisors, LLC Dates Employed 2012 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Philadelphia Area Responsible for cultivating and managing investor relationships for the advisor to the LS Opportunity Fund (LSOFX), a long/short equity mutual fund. Generated over $200 million inflows from a base of just $35 million in legacy capital over a two year period. Senior Equity Research Analyst - Industrials, Energy, Materials Company Name Kacela Capital, LLC Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Senior analyst for long/short equity hedge fund with responsibility for industrials, energy and materials sectors. Supported PM in building portfolio of 30-50 longs and 20-40 shorts across three equity buckets: core, secular and event. Senior Analyst - Generalist Company Name Freestyle Fund Dates Employed 2006 – 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Senior generalist analyst for global event driven hedge fund focused on equity and debt securities of companies experiencing change. Invested across the capital structure, with primary focus on special situation equities, leveraged loans, high yield bonds and credit default swaps. Equity Research Analyst - Generalist Company Name Ingleside Investors Dates Employed 2005 – 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area Sector generalist for global long/short equity hedge fund incubated in the family office of A.C. Israel Enterprises. Responsible for small and mid cap equity research across industrials, energy, materials, consumer staples and consumer discretionary sectors. See more positions Education Carnegie Mellon University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance & Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Skills Alternative Investments Alternative Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds Hedge Funds Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Credit Analysis Credit Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Ginney Song Experienced Investment Professional | Entrepreneurer July 15, 2015, Ginney worked with Gregory in the same group Ginney is a pro-active and thoughtful investor. Throughout my two years of working together at Kacela Capital, she has been a professional and contributing team player. It was a pleasure working together and I hope our paths cross again in the future. She brings a seasoned investment lens and would be a great addition to any investment organization. Christopher Zeoli Investment Team at Insight Venture Partners September 10, 2014, Gregory managed Christopher directly To Whom It May Concern:I highly recommend Christopher Zeoli as a candidate for employment at your firm. I had the pleasure of welcoming Chris to the Long Short Advisor's team as a full-time intern during the summer of 2013. I was extremely impressed with his professionalism, appetite to learn and keen interest in the investment management industry. I was so pleased with his performance and effort in his first summer here that I invited Chris back to work with us again in the summer of 2014.At such an early stage in his professional career, Chris possesses an impressive and wide breadth of investment related experience and a keen ability to solve technical problems and utilize technology. Chris’ work over his two summers was instrumental to the success of our fundraising efforts in 2013 and 2014, which saw us more than triple the assets of our long/short equity fund, the LS Opportunity Fund (LSOFX), to almost $200 million.During his first summer’s internship, Chris played a crucial role in developing a database of potential investors for the LS Opportunity Fund. Chris also helped refine the Long Short Advisors website (www.longshortadvisors.com) and various marketing collateral for the Fund. In his second summer, Chris worked on a variety of Excel models in support of LSOFX marketing and sales efforts. Most importantly, he restructured the Salesforce database and created an activity reporting process that is used by the CEO to track the sales process and evaluate how to most efficiently spend the firm's capital. Lastly, Chris also lent his technical expertise to the development and automation of several daily, monthly and quarterly tasks, freeing up a significant amount of my time to dedicate to selling. It speaks volumes that Chris was able to immediately grasp the intricacies of a complicated long/short equity investment strategy, and then use that knowledge to help shape the firm’s marketing process. Chris would be a tremendous asset for your company, and has my highest recommendation. If you have any further questions with regard to his background or qualifications, please do not hesitate to contact me directly.Sincerely,Gregory Parcella Accomplishments Gregory has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Series 65 Interests The New York Hedge Fund Networking Group 2,513 members Hedge Fund Marketing & Sales Professionals 2,827 members Family Offices and Institutional Investors 10,568 members Hedge Fund Group | Alternative Investments, Fund of Funds, CTA Funds 20,330 members Hedge Fund, Private Equity & Alternative Investments Sales & Marketing Group 2,958 members Hedge Fund, Private Equity & Alternative Investments Networking Group - Powered by IvyExec.com 69,256 members See all See all following
More Actions Larry has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Larry Marcus Managing Director at Walden Venture Capital TodayTix University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Sprout Stage Venture Capitalist Highlights Follow Follow Larry’s Activity 1,950 followers Wyzerr Takes Home $50K Prize at 36|86 For Their Gamified Surveys, Launches Publicly - Hypepotamus Larry commented Today marks the end of my nearly 18 year career at Verizon, Verizon Wireless, and most recently, Verizon Ventures. It’s the closing of a long chapter; a chapter that contains nearly all of my professional life. So many experiences, so many learnings, so many friends, and so many memories over this time - too many to capture in a short note. It has truly been a pleasure getting to know each and every person I’ve work with over this time – both inside Verizon and out. From the early days of youth and multi-cultural marketing, to building and growing VCast, to all the partnership efforts with Facebook/Google/Microsoft/Siri/and many more, to supporting the business with (hopefully) strong venture investments and strategic insights from Silicon Valley - and the start up community at large. I’ve been lucky to work with so many great leaders, who are now great friends. Your leadership will stick with me well past my days at Verizon, and your friendship will hopefully as well. I'll be forever grateful for all of the opportunities Verizon has provided me to learn, grow, and lead. I'll take these lessons and experiences with me throughout my career. And so with this post, I say farewell to Verizon. My next chapter, at Apple, begins on Monday. Larry liked See all activity Experience Board of Directors - Oberver Company Name TodayTix Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Board of Directors - Observer Company Name MeUndies Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Director Company Name goTenna Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Brooklyn, NY Managing Director Company Name Walden Venture Capital Dates Employed 2000 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Venture capital firm focused on “Sprout Stage” investments (post product or technology development), with mass market potential and powered by breakthrough technology / methodologies. Sector focus in digital media & cloud services. Making new investments from Fund VII and VIII. www.waldenvc.com San Francisco & Woodside, CA. Director Company Name SoundHound Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 6 mos sound search services provider. Products include SoundHound search and discovery, enabling music identification, singing search and voice search, lyrics, iPod integration among other joyful features. All powered by it's own Aound2Sound Search Science technology. See more positions Education University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business Degree Name MBA University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Economics / Political Science The University of Birmingham Degree Name Economic History Grade Junior Year abroad Activities and Societies: Education Abroad Program Featured Skills & Endorsements Venture Capital See 77 endorsements for Venture Capital 77 Venture Capital Endorsed by MICHAEL ROLNICK and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Larry’s colleagues at Walden Venture Capital Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 55 endorsements for Start-ups 55 Start-ups Endorsed by Jerome Engel and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Larry’s colleagues at Walden Venture Capital Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Partnerships See 44 endorsements for Strategic Partnerships 44 Strategic Partnerships Endorsed by David Mathison and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Larry’s colleagues at SoundHound Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business 46,174 followers John LillyJohn Lilly is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at Greylock 95,078 followers MeUndies 2,531 followers Tim WestergrenTim Westergren is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO, Pandora 181,488 followers Walden Venture Capital 208 followers James SlavetJames Slavet is a LinkedIn Influencer Consumer technology VC 67,515 followers See all See all following
More Actions Federica has a account Federica Nocera Data Scientist at Cambridge Analytica Cambridge Analytica The University of Chicago London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Data Scientist at Cambridge Analytica/SCL Group with interests in applying data analytics to the combination of human behavior and innovations within technology. While at the University of Chicago I undertook a project at the Knowledge Lab, creating predictive models of invention from the analysis of patent networks. Before turning to data science, I worked as an Equity Research Analyst covering European Media and Telecommunications companies for two years, and obtained an MEng in Engineering Science from Oxford University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Scientist Company Name Cambridge Analytica Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom Data Scientist Company Name SCL Elections Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom Research Assistant Company Name The University of Chicago Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Research Assistant at The Knowledge Lab, Computation Institute. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Education The University of Chicago Degree Name Master's of Arts Program in the Social Sciences Field Of Study with focus in Computational Social Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Courses taken to date: Introduction to Statistical Machine Learning, Machine Learning for Public Policy, Advanced Behavioral Marketing, Perspectives in Social Science, Computational Social Science, Network Analysis, Organizational Decision Making. University of Oxford Degree Name MEng Field Of Study Engineering Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Oxford Investment and Finance Society, Oxford University Yacht Club, Oxford Ski and Snowboard Club. BP Prize for Best Chemical Engineering Project 2010. The Godolphin and Latymer School Degree Name A Level Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, History and Italian, 5 A's at A Level Featured Skills & Endorsements Machine Learning See 7 endorsements for Machine Learning 7 Machine Learning Gennaro Vinetto and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 7 endorsements for Python 7 Python Endorsed by Vadim Kyssa, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Predictive Modeling See 1 endorsement for Predictive Modeling 1 Predictive Modeling Fernando Tozzi has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Federica has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Italian Interests University of Oxford 278,183 followers Merrill Lynch 396,677 followers The University of Chicago 126,645 followers Civis Analytics 3,513 followers Google 4,935,173 followers SCL Elections 330 followers See all See all following
More Actions Noah has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Noah Eccles Recruiting Executive at Kforce Inc Kforce Inc Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Recruiter for Kforce focused on Finance, Accounting, Audit, Tax and IT. I have 21 years of Financial Analysis experience with a large network and have been a mentor throughout my career and life. If you are a candidate or company that needs my help pursuing your goals, please call, email or message. Strong Student of Finance and Accounting with a Wharton MBA and over 12,000 hours of collaboration with Finance and Accounting Professionals Including CFO, Controller and COO. 15 years of Experience Researching and Collaborating with IT companies and departments. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Noah’s Activity 896 followers Overcoming the Stigma of Selling | Professional Development Blog | Jeff Pankoff | Sandler Training MN | Sales Training Twin Cities Noah liked See all activity Experience Talent Executive Company Name Kforce Inc Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Recruiter for Kforce focused on Finance, Accounting, Audit, Tax, and IT. Finance, Accounting and Technology Consultant Company Name Maplewood, NJ Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Led an accounting and finance related research project for a Fortune 500 company. Advised a leading online broker on the redesign of their website, mobile applications and underlying architecture.Lead advisor to a market research firm on the design and marketing of their financial services and enterprise related product lines. Portfolio Manager, Technology, Media & Telecom Company Name Visium Asset Management Dates Employed May 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location New York, NY Portfolio Manager, US Focused Technology Media & Telecom Equity Long/Short Book, Hedge Fund. Senior Analyst Company Name Clovis Capital Management L.P. Dates Employed Nov 2009 – May 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location New York, NY Returned to Clovis as Equity Research Analyst. Initial Focus on Technology, Media and Telecom. Responsibilities broadened to generalist coverage. Long/Short Hedge Fund. Proprietary Equity Trader Company Name MJL Partners/Dimension Trading Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Millburn, NJ Proprietary Trader focused on identifying and investing in market leaders. See more positions Education Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Trinity College-Hartford Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa Volunteer Experience Head Coach Company Name Maplewood Girls Lacrosse Club Dates volunteered Mar 2009 – Present Volunteer duration 8 yrs 4 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Sales See 4 endorsements for Sales 4 Sales Ted O'Donnell and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 2 endorsements for Public Speaking 2 Public Speaking Matthew Bobea, PMP and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Marketing See 5 endorsements for Marketing 5 Marketing Mordechai (Mordy) Kubany and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Noah has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Twitter 500,099 followers The New York Times 2,463,510 followers Trinity College-Hartford 21,714 followers CIT 29,875 followers YipitData 1,243 followers Altrius Capital Management, Inc. 109 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Byun SVP, Equity Research - Internet at Jefferies Jefferies Dartmouth College San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Financial Analysis/Equity Research Experience (20 years) As an equity analyst at technology-focused investment banks (15+ years with same team), responsible for: • financial modeling, analysis, and valuation; accounting issues such as revenue recognition • company & industry analysis; incl. product strategy, competitive positioning, M&A, sales channels • interaction with senior & mid-level management, institutional investors, customers & partners • authoring of research reports & slide decks; distributed to investor clients and to the public & media • investment recommendations, which led to top 3 team rankings in internal sales polls and II surveys • coverage of companies of all sizes ranging from pre-IPO to megacap publicly-traded entities • coverage mainly focused on software sector, with expertise in SaaS/Cloud, design, & enterprise apps • current & past coverage: Adobe, Autodesk, salesforce.com, Intuit, Cornerstone OnDemand, Workday, Ultimate Software, Paycom, Paylocity See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Vice President Company Name Jefferies Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Equity Research - Internet Director Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Equity Research - Software Associate Director Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Equity Research - Software Associate Analyst Company Name Citigroup Investment Research Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Equity Research - Software Associate Analyst Company Name Prudential Equity Group Dates Employed 2003 – 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Equity Research - Software See more positions Education Dartmouth College Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 The Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - College of Business Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1990 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 18 endorsements for Financial Modeling 18 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Chris Haroun and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 16 endorsements for Equity Research 16 Equity Research Endorsed by Brian Mansfield and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 13 endorsements for Valuation 13 Valuation Endorsed by Chris Haroun, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Igor Zaslavsky Research Editor at UBS Investment Bank March 3, 2012, John worked with Igor in different groups I have had the pleasure of working with Igor for 3 years at UBS. Our team produced voluminous research reports, and he never failed us in turning around professional editorial reviews with very short turn around time. His comments were balanced - neither too much nor too little, but just appropriate for our needs and the needs of UBS. I would recommend him without reservations. Accomplishments John has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Korean John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CPA Interests LinkedIn 2,167,505 followers Citi Alumni 84,254 members Portfolio Managers, Research, Capital Markets & Consulting Professionals 23,867 members Global Investment Research 7,042 members Green D Ventures 1,460 followers UBS Investment Bank / UBS 32,006 members See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Cavanaugh Senior Equity Analyst at LMCG Investments LMCG Investments University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Winchester, Massachusetts 200 200 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Research Analyst, Small & Smid Cap Team Company Name LMCG Investments Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Boston, MA Partner, Senior Research Analyst, Assistant Portfolio Manager, US Growth Equities Company Name Copper Rock Capital Partners Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 9 yrs Vice President/Equity Research Analyst Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed May 1999 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Vice President/Equity Research Analyst Company Name State Street Research Dates Employed Jul 1997 – May 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Boston College Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Asset Management See 3 endorsements for Asset Management 3 Asset Management Brian Tobin and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 2 endorsements for Equities 2 Equities Bill Forsyth and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 2 endorsements for Portfolio Management 2 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Timothy Buckley, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Boston College 133,981 followers The Wharton School 158,697 followers LMCG Investments 931 followers The Wharton School 185,678 followers Boston College 129,701 followers Copper Rock Capital Partners LLC 209 followers
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Ng Equity Research Analyst at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley Singapore Management University Singapore 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity markets- investments and analysis Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Singapore EM ASEAN Property (TH/PH) Equity Research Associate Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed 2011 – 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs ASEAN Financials (4 years)ASEAN Telcos (1 year) Financial Management Programme Company Name General Electric Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Singapore Summer Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed May 2010 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos Treasury Analyst Company Name Accountant General Department Dates Employed Apr 2010 – May 2010 Employment Duration 2 mos See more positions Education Singapore Management University Degree Name Bachelor of Accountancy (Double Major in Finance) Field Of Study Accountancy and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Accountancy Society, Tennis, Golf, Badminton '07-'08: Lee Kong Chian Scholarship Raffles Junior College Grade Top College in Singapore; 4 Distinctions Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Badminton Raffles Institution Grade Top High School in Singapore; 9 Distinctions Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 Activities and Societies: Badminton Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 17 endorsements for Equity Research 17 Equity Research Endorsed by 5 of Daniel’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 11 endorsements for Financial Modeling 11 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 10 endorsements for Bloomberg 10 Bloomberg Chong Soon Onn and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Daniel has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Passed CFA Level 1 Interests Guidepoint 20,666 followers DBS Bank 204,816 followers Lazada Group 83,951 followers Banking Position 201 members GovTech Singapore 66,508 followers Singapore Banking Professionals 32,721 members See all See all following
More Actions Taylor has a account Taylor LaBarr, CFA Surveyor Capital | Citadel, LLC Citadel LLC Villanova University San Francisco, California 280 280 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Associate Company Name Citadel LLC Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location San Francisco Long/short analyst covering consumer discretionary at Surveyor Vice President - Equity Research Analyst Company Name Stifel Financial Corp. Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Senior publishing analyst covering the Food & Discount Retail sectors. Named a "Rising Star" by Institutional Investor magazine in 2016. Stock ratings relative performance (alpha) beat 94% of all sell-side U.S. analysts across all sectors in 2015 (as measured by StarMine). Equity Research Associate Company Name Stifel Financial Corp. Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Senior associate covering the Hardline, Broadline & Luxury Retail sectors. Team coverage included 600+ research notes per year, a 300+ page annual industry guide and 3 annual investor conferences. Graduate Research Fellow Company Name Villanova University Dates Employed Sep 2008 – May 2009 Employment Duration 9 mos Education Villanova University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Finance Villanova University Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Economics Field Of Study Finance Skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation Valuation Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis Financial Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Taylor has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Charterholder Interests CFA Institute Members 69,518 members Villanova University Alumni Network 30,160 members Copeland Capital 450 followers Neuberger Berman 36,077 followers Investment Management and Portfolio Analytics 32,667 members Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Martins Equity Researcher and Investment Strategist | Career Coach and Professional Consultant | Speaker Sell Side Researcher LLC New York University Tampa, Florida 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail ➤ SELL SIDE RESEARCHER CONTACT DETAILS ✉ E-mail: founder@sellsideresearcher.com ⓦ Home Page: www.sellsideresearcher.com ⓕ Facebook: www.facebook.com/sellsideresearcher ⓣ Twitter: @sellsider ➤ DEDICATED TO HELPING PROFESSIONALS START A CAREER IN EQUITY RESEARCH What is equity research like? What does one need to know to break into research? How can a recent MBA or college grad, without prior equity research experience, get a job offer? These are fair questions that I had myself, at one point in my career, for which I found good answers over time. I turned these answers into strategies that I used to help me secure a spot as a sell side equity research associate in NYC. Now, I share the same strategies with other career aspirants. Sell Side Researcher was born in 2015 out of the need to fill a gap for good equity research-specific resources to help career aspirants better prepare for the application process. My flagship services -- the eGuide and eCoach -- teach clients how to prepare and distribute a high-quality application package that yields much better results than the traditional resume and cover letter strategy. ☛ Visit my blog page at www.sellsideresearcher.com/blog ☛ Check out my services page at www.sellsideresearcher.com/our-services ➤ SPECIALTIES ★ Company research ★ Research report writing ★ Financial modeling ★ Relative valuation ★ Stock pitching ★ Interview coaching ★ Career strategies ★ Speaker ➤ 10 YEARS OF EXPERIENCE IN EQUITY RESEARCH, AUDIT AND FINANCIAL ANALYSIS ➢ I am also the current Head Researcher of independent firm DM Martins Research ➢ Prior to founding Sell Side Researcher, I was a Senior Research Associate at FBR Capital Markets, covering the Communications Equipment and Energy Services sectors. ➢ Prior to FBR, I worked in financial analysis and audit at GE, Nielsen and hedge fund Bridgewater Associates. ➢ I hold an MBA degree from NYU, with an emphasis in Financial Markets and Economics. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Daniel’s Articles & Activity 1,193 followers Markets Down: A Reminder That This Is Still The Real World Daniel Martins on LinkedIn See 28 more articles Lowe's has been performing well. But the inevitable comparison with super-star Home Depot might be behind the stock's recent weakness. Here's my article. $LOW Daniel shared this HP reports a very solid quarter, yet the stock takes a dive today. What gives? Here's my article. $HPQ Daniel shared this There's no stopping Best Buy ($BBY), one of the best-performing retailers in the sector. But has the stock run too far? Here's my article covering the company's earnings report. Daniel shared this See all activity Experience Founder | Equity Research Career Coach | Financial Modeling and Stock Pitching Trainer | Speaker Company Name Sell Side Researcher LLC Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs I founded Sell Side Researcher LLC with the goal of helping students and young professionals learn about and prepare for a career in sell side equity research.I believe many bright professionals interested in starting an equity research career are failing to achieve their full potential by: ✻ not developing their research skills properly ✻ once acquired, not showcasing their research skills adequately ✻ not reaching out to recruiters and hiring analysts in the most efficient wayHere's how I can help these professionals reach their goals:✠ Products and Services ✰ eGuide: I offer a 5-module guide + video tutorial that helps clients research companies, write a research report, build a financial model, prepare a stock pitch and showcase their skills to recruiters ✰ eCoach: all the benefits of the eGuide + live consulting and personalized resume critiquing ✰ Others: "Interview Prep Guide" for those getting ready for the equity research job interview, and "Starter Kit" for those looking to take the first few steps. ➢➢ For more information, visit www.sellsideresearcher.com✠ Blog posts: every month, I write about topics related to the equity research career, including: ✰ Truths and myths about the research profession ✰ What I wish I knew prior to becoming a researcher ✰ FAQ about the equity research career from business students and young professionals ➢➢ Visit my blog page at www.sellsideresearcher.com/blog and follow me on LinkedIn✠ Speaking engagements: I have presented to professional student clubs at several schools, including Cornell University, New York University and George Washington University. Other engagements are regularly being added to my calendar.✠ Additional information: sign up for my VIP mailing list and receive the 7-page "Equity Research Career Q&A" handout ➢➢ Visit www.sellsideresearcher.com -- sign up form is at the bottom of the home page Media (2) This position has 2 media Speaking to the Financial Modeling Club at the College of William and Mary Speaking to the Financial Modeling Club at the College of William and Mary This media is an image Sell Side Researcher eGuide and eCoach Sell Side Researcher eGuide and eCoach This media is a link Head Researcher | Investment Strategist | Value Investor Company Name Sell Side Researcher LLC Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Through DM Martins Research, an independent equity research firm under the Sell Side Researcher LLC umbrella, I scan the market looking for high-quality assets selling at a discounted price. I write thoroughly-researched articles using Seeking Alpha as my primary publishing and distribution platform. I also manage and coach a small team of high-caliber New York City-based contributors who research and write content through DM Martins Research. ☛ 4.5-star rated expert (top 12% overall) on TipRanks.com as of August 2016 ☛ Stock portfolio through August 2016 has yielded a YTD return of +19.5% vs. the S&P 500's +10.3% and the Russell 2000's +14.5%. ☛ Win ratio (number of stock calls whose returns have exceeded those of the S&P 500, as a percentage of total) of 57%. Absolute win ratio of 86% YTD. ☛ 100 publications and over half a million views through end of August 2016. ☛ Top 8 opinion leader in Quick Picks for Seeking Alpha, as of August 2016. Top 20 in the Technology sector.➤ STRATEGY✰ Investment horizon is primarily medium- to long-term (12 months or more)✰ Act as a contrarian to short-term consensus in order to identify the best investment opportunities✰ Tend to focus on energy and technology sectors ➢➢ Visit www.seekingalpha.com/author/d-m-martins-research for additional information➤ SPECIALTIES ★ Value investing and deep-value investing ★ Long-term horizon ★ Contrarian to short-term consensus ★ High-quality assets ★ Energy services sector coverage ★ Technology sector coverage ➢➢ Visit www.seekingalpha.com/author/d-m-martins-research/articles for full portfolio of research articles published to date. Media (5) This position has 5 media Previous Next [ARTICLE] Tracking A Good Deal In Tech: MiX Telematics Is A Rare Blend Of High-Quality At An Attractive Price [ARTICLE] Tracking A Good Deal In Tech: MiX Telematics Is A Rare Blend Of High-Quality At An Attractive Price This media is a link [ARTICLE] Motorola Solutions: LTE Opportunity And Airwave Acquisition Mask A Struggling Business [ARTICLE] Motorola Solutions: LTE Opportunity And Airwave Acquisition Mask A Struggling Business This media is a link [ARTICLE] Amidst The Rubble In The Energy Sector, Profire Energy Looks Ready To Be Scooped [ARTICLE] Amidst The Rubble In The Energy Sector, Profire Energy Looks Ready To Be Scooped This media is a link [ARTICLE] What Ray Dalio's Strategies May Teach Us About Long-Term Investing [ARTICLE] What Ray Dalio's Strategies May Teach Us About Long-Term Investing This media is a link [ARTICLE] Oil Price Bottom: Analysts Are Looking In The Wrong Place [ARTICLE] Oil Price Bottom: Analysts Are Looking In The Wrong Place This media is a link Senior Equity Research Associate | Company Research | Financial Modeling | Research Report Writing Company Name FBR Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area ✰ Researched companies in the network equipment and energy services sectors, supporting and advising vice-president of research on equity investment recommendations to the bank’s clients and sales associates✰ Pitched investment ideas on technology and energy stocks to internal sales team. Recommendations have returned, on average, more than 20% above the S&P 500, from pitch date to present ✰ Led interviews with senior executive management team of leading companies in the communications equipment and energy services sectors✰ Wrote detailed research reports that included company initiations, intra-quarter deep dive reports, earnings previews and reviews✰ Built and maintained 3-statement financial models, including valuation analysis and the projection of financial results✰ Completed coverage initiation research of a company within 2 months of employment with limited guidance✰ Hold Series 7, 63, 86 and 87 certifications Revenue Associate Company Name Bridgewater Associates Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Westport, CT ✰ Handled multiple hedge fund fee calculation deliverables, including reporting and analysis, under high accuracy requirements and within tight deadlines✰ Engaged with Client Service in multiple small projects to provide simulation and net-return analytics to clients ✰ Approved monthly fee calculations in the reconciliation of Net Asset Value and investigated fee discrepancies in Administrator’s calculations, identifying causes and recommending solutions Senior Finance Analyst Company Name The Nielsen Company Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Wilton, CT ✩ Analyzed consolidated financial results and partnered with global finance teams to research and explain month-over-month variances to senior executive managers✩ Led and organized the “Bullet Train” meetings, a process in which Chief Finance Officer and offsite managers across the company analyzed expenses, and assessed and proposed implementation of savings opportunities See more positions Education New York University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Specialization in Financial Instruments/Markets and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Activities and Societies: GPA 3.5 The Ohio State University - The Max M. Fisher College of Business Degree Name Bachelor in Science Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Class of 2004Magna Cum Laude - GPA 3.8 Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 21 endorsements for Finance 21 Finance Endorsed by 2 of Daniel’s colleagues at FBR Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 13 endorsements for Financial Modeling 13 Financial Modeling Patti Leahy and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 13 endorsements for Valuation 13 Valuation Patti Leahy and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Michael DiFiore, Pharm.D., MBA Equity Research Analyst - Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals | Health Care Investor December 31, 2015, Michael was a client of Daniel’s Daniel has played a key role in helping me transition to a career in equity research. His expert opinion/insider perspective greatly helped me fine-tune my overall application strategy as well as better prepare for interviews. My time with Daniel was definitely well-spent, as I was able to secure a position shortly after meeting with him. That said, I believe that those looking to start their career in equity research would greatly benefit from Daniel's advice. Srikanth Inaganti,CFA Equity Research Associate at OPEN FIELD CAPITAL LIMITED December 4, 2015, Srikanth was a client of Daniel’s It is unfortunate that we have less than half an hour to showcase our skills in the interview. Daniel’s eCoach helped me immensely to present my skills better. His resume critique is an absolute must, and his recommendations are very helpful in getting an equity research job. Daniel Martins played a huge part in my interview process. I recommend him for anyone looking for a career in sell side research Michael DiFiore, Pharm.D., MBA Equity Research Analyst - Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals | Health Care Investor January 5, 2016, Daniel and Michael were students together Michael is a very driven and talented professional who I've had the pleasure of interacting with, first as a fellow NYU student. In helping him transition into equity research, I learned more about his professionalism and his motivations, and I am confident that he will be very successful in his new career. Michael is also a thoughtful friend and a pleasant person to be around. Accomplishments Daniel has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Duolingo Spanish Fluency: Advanced (Estimated) Series 63 Series 7 Series 86 Series 87 Daniel has 5 publications 5 Expand publications section Publications LinkedIn Pulse ➢➢ 3 Reasons Why Resumes Will Become Obsolete LinkedIn Pulse ➢➢ 4 Important Tips for Financial Modeling in Sell Side Research Seeking Alpha ➢➢ Despite Tight Cost Control, Motorola Solutions Still Fails To Impress Seeking Alpha ➢➢ Tracking A Good Deal In Tech: MiX Telematics Is A Rare Blend Of High-Quality At An Attractive Price Seeking Alpha ➢➢ Amidst The Rubble In The Energy Sector, Profire Energy Looks Ready To Be Scooped Daniel has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Spanish Interests Wall Street Oasis 5,914 members Tom KeeneTom Keene is a LinkedIn Influencer Bloomberg Surveillance: TV then Radio 192,571 followers GE 1,450,201 followers Nielsen 368,628 followers The Ohio State University Fisher College of Business 39,424 followers Guy KawasakiGuy Kawasaki is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief evangelist 2,338,174 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Sheridan Managing Director, UBS - Equity Research (US Internet & Interactive Entertainment) UBS St John's University School of Law Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Eric’s Activity 2,190 followers Proud to call this my new tribe as we fearlessly work towards accelerating the transition to sustainable investing Ethic Eric liked Marina Abramović & Jeff Koons front new online VR gallery Eric liked Experience Cleveland! Please join us for our annual 'Experience Cleveland' event on Thurs, July 20th at the Cleveland Zoo. We're excited to host the head of the Cleveland Zoo - Dr. Chris Kuhar. Our program will include a short Q&A with Dr. Kuhar, followed by a guided tour of the African Elephant Crossing, and a short tram ride highlighting what's on the horizon at the Cleveland Zoo. See attached for more details Eric liked Lyft gets $25M and a fleet of cars from new partner Jaguar Land Rover Eric liked I am very proud to see the UBS Fundamental Analytics team voted #1 in EMEA (Extel) just 8 months after the team launched. We secured the top three inidiviual slots in the category as well as the overall team #1. This is just the start. Much more to come. Eric liked original_final_scape.pdf Eric liked See all activity Experience Managing Director - Equity Research Company Name UBS Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location New York, NY Provide equity research coverage of 17 companies in the US Internet & Interactive Entertainment industries. Publish proprietary research on current operating trends for the covered companies and current/future Industry secular trends (Internet advertising, E-Commerce, Online Travel, Social Networking and Video Games). Portfolio Manager Company Name Citadel Investment Group Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Led the firm’s NY- based CME (Telecom, Cable/Satellite, Media, Internet & Leisure) investment team. Oversee all of the team’s fundamental & proprietary research. Responsible for portfolio construction and maintenance of risk parameters within a market neutral focus. Managing Director Company Name Intrepid Capital Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location New York Research Analyst Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jul 2000 – Dec 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Education St John's University School of Law Degree Name JD Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Franklin & Marshall College Degree Name BA Field Of Study History, Government, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 45 endorsements for Equity Research 45 Equity Research Endorsed by Ken Sena and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Eric’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 36 endorsements for Financial Modeling 36 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Krista Bessinger and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Eric’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 33 endorsements for Investments 33 Investments Endorsed by Adam Quinton and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Eric’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Mobile Marketing, Advertising & Commerce 29,093 members Michael MoritzMichael Moritz is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner, Sequoia Capital 580,845 followers Adchemy 1,436 followers Didit.com 1,420 followers DataXu 18,140 followers Yahoo! Inc. 605,405 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Cristinziano Strategic Development, Citrix Systems Citrix Systems Harvard Business School Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Michael is Corporate VP, Strategic Development at Citrix Systems. He is responsible for several corporate functions, including M&A strategy and execution, technology licensing, venture capital investments and investor relations. Michael’s strategic leadership has catalyzed Citrix’s transformation from a single-product tactical supplier to a strategic provider of secure application and data delivery solutions that let people work and play from anywhere using any device. Prior to joining Citrix, Michael was Managing Director at BMO Financial Group, where he covered the computer networking and software industries. During his tenure as an equity research analyst, Michael's work was recognized by The Wall Street Journal, Reuters and StarMine. A research analyst turned investment banker, Michael has lead or participated in M&A and financing transactions totaling over $7 billion in cumulative deal value since 1995. Cristinziano started his Wall Street career as a research analyst at Needham & Co. Prior to that he was a Member of Technical Staff at Telcordia Technologies (formerly Bellcore/Bell Labs) contributing to next-generation network standards and software development. Cristinziano earned a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from Temple University, a Master of Science in Systems Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania and completed post-graduate studies at Carnegie Mellon University and Harvard Business School. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Corporate VP, Strategic Development Company Name Citrix Systems Dates Employed Jul 2003 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs Location Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area Responsibilities include M&A, Strategic Investments, Technology Licensing and Investor Relations Technical Advisory Board Member Company Name Digital Guardian Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Independent Director Company Name Untangle, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Sunnyvale, CA Exited to Providence Growth Equity Independent Director Company Name Digital Guardian Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Waltham, MA Independent Director Company Name Sourcefire Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Acquired by Cisco in 2013 See more positions Education Harvard Business School Degree Name Making Corporate Boards More Effective Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Carnegie Mellon University Field Of Study Information Networking Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1990 University of Pennsylvania Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1988 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 19 endorsements for Strategy 19 Strategy Endorsed by Ross Brown and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Michael’s colleagues at Citrix Click and drag to reorder skills Venture Capital See 15 endorsements for Venture Capital 15 Venture Capital Endorsed by 9 of Michael’s colleagues at Citrix Click and drag to reorder skills Business Alliances See 12 endorsements for Business Alliances 12 Business Alliances Endorsed by John-Marc Clark and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Citrix Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests CED 2,951 members Jim WhitehurstJim Whitehurst is a LinkedIn Influencer President and CEO at Red Hat 97,015 followers Andrew 'Flip' FilipowskiAndrew &#39;Flip&#39; Filipowski is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-CEO Fluree, building a new business application platform. 189,168 followers Citrix Trends and Innovation 1,237 followers University of Pennsylvania 205,834 followers Untangle, Inc. 1,611 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jonathan has a account Jonathan Eckard, Ph.D. Chief Business and Strategy Officer Sellas Life Sciences New York University School of Medicine Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Focused on advancing a novel cancer immunotherapy for a wide range of cancers See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Business & Strategy Officer Company Name Sellas Life Sciences Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location New York, New York Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Barclays Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Small/Mid-Cap Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Citi Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Biotechnology Equity Research Company Name Leerink Swann Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Equity Research Associate Company Name HSBC Securities Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Feb 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Biotechnology Equity Research See more positions Education New York University School of Medicine Degree Name PH.D. Field Of Study Toxicology/Carcinogenesis Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 New York University School of Medicine Degree Name MS Field Of Study Toxicology Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Ohio University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Biochemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Biotechnology See 38 endorsements for Biotechnology 38 Biotechnology Endorsed by Michael King and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 23 endorsements for Equity Research 23 Equity Research Endorsed by Michael Rindos, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 19 endorsements for Valuation 19 Valuation Endorsed by Michael Rindos and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests OHIO Alumni (Ohio University Alumni Association) 32,284 members Sellas Life Sciences 290 followers Citi 1,270,339 followers Professionals in the Pharmaceutical and Biotech Industry 259,593 members Lifesciences Opportunities in US 61,455 members Equity Research Analyst Career Opportunities 2,813 members See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Matt Epstein Trusted advisor guiding institutional investors and technology companies on the nuances of the oil & gas industry. Aremet Group, LLC Boston University Questrom School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Matt Epstein is a financial expert with over 20 years of experience at leading institutions including Salomon Brothers, Lehman Brothers, Morgan Stanley and Citadel Investment Group. He formed Aremet Energy Consulting to advise oil and gas companies, institutional investors, and commodity trading firms. Most recently, leading satellite and big data companies have engaged Aremet seeking strategic, financial, and marketing advice. With a reputation for integrity and discretion, Mr. Epstein displays a rare, comprehensive, end-to-end fluency in operational, logistical, financial and market risk. He excels navigating complexity, forecasting scenario probability, and formulating strategy. Mr. Epstein regularly demonstrates thought-leadership through his writings and publications. Early in his career as sell­-side, equity-research analyst, he wrote numerous reports covering the oilfield service industry. He has also published in-depth articles on shale development finance, hedging strategy and the negatives of employing zero­-cost collars as a hedging tool in Oil and Gas Investor magazine. Currently, Mr. Epstein posts oil-price insights on LinkedIn Pulse. Mr. Epstein is a United States citizen residing in Greenwich, Connecticut. He earned degrees in 1992 through an honors-five­-year BA/MBA program at Boston University, where he graduated summa cum laude. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Matt’s Articles & Activity 7,160 followers Oil Prices - Pain Before Pleasure Matt Epstein on LinkedIn See 13 more articles The Forward Curve for Oil Prices Suddenly Looks Awful for OPEC Matt liked Perhaps the biggest misunderstanding of implied volatility as a signal: this "expert's" logic is just wrong. Come on Platts, you can't publish stuff like this! https://lnkd.in/dUGaJxg To be clear, I am not speaking about the author's conclusion - that, of course, is debatable as the future is unknowable. But the logic, that falling implied volatility while pricing is falling is a signal of a bottom - that's just WRONG and IRRESPONSIBLE for a professional to say. Matt liked a comment Only 1 company on earth can buy grocery chain, be rumored to buy enterprise software company & in both cases be lauded for strategic vision Matt commented See all activity Experience Oil and Energy Strategist; Chief Investment Officer; Equity and Commodity Research Company Name Aremet Group, LLC Dates Employed 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs Location Greenwich, Connecticut Aremet is an advisory firm specializing in petroleum finance and corporate finance. Recent accomplishments include:• Guiding leading satellite and big data companies on Go-to-Market strategies for the oil industry.• Delivering actionable fundamental analysis on energy markets and companies.• Recommending long-short securities positions and customized risk-reward strategies for institutional investors, commodity trading firms and hedge funds.• Analyzing publicly-traded debt, convertibles and equities in the exploration and production; oil-field service; pipeline, processing and transportation; and refining and marketing industries.• Originating financial solutions for oil and gas companies using private mezzanine and equity sources.• Navigating oil and oil field service companies through restructuring alternatives.• Originating middle-market oil and gas acquisitions for private equity funds.• Constructing and implementing commodity price hedging strategies at the project and corporate level.• Revealing a catastrophic cyber risk to a seismic data library during a debt financing due-diligence.• Creating a strategy to monetize proprietary information flows at a physical commodity brokerage.• Advising senior management of a major commodity trading firm on real asset acquisitions.• Delivering trade financing alternatives, security, and physical execution capabilities for an institutional investor in Russia.• Leading the design and implementation of anti-fraud and cyber security measures in a Siberian oil and gas joint venture.• Advising an independent entrepreneur on the sale of a sizable water transportation and disposal business in the heart of the Eagle Ford shale. Energy Sector Head; Energy Specialist Company Name Citadel Investment Group Dates Employed 2001 – 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greenwich, CT Citadel is a multi-strategy hedge fund group based in Chicago.Accomplishments included:• Managed a highly-leveraged, market-neutral portfolio of energy securities and listed commodities.• Employed fundamental and event-driven analysis to drive investment decisions.• Primarily generated returns from non-directional, stock specific alpha. • Managed two research analysts and contributed to overall long-short portfolio management team.• Successfully analyzed and profited from primary and secondary effects of Enron bankruptcy.• Played key role in establishing firm's physical commodity desk and hiring personnel.• Collaborated with event arbitrage, convertible arbitrage, distressed credit and commodity arbitrage groups. Senior Energy Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed 1999 – 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Morgan Stanley is a multinational financial services firm based in New York.Accomplishments included:• Analyzed and implemented oil and gas investment strategy for $18 billion sector rotation group. • Employed fundamental analysis for large and mid-cap stock selection and commodity-derivative overlay positioning. • Identified energy trends and their macro-economic impact.• Mentored younger analysts to systematically capture relevant data and to skeptically judge management comments and predictions.• Collaborated with other sector analysts on developing primary and secondary economic hypothesis and repeatedly tested and revised our world-view perspective. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed 1998 – 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area Lehman Brothers was a multinational financial services firm based in New York.Accomplishments included:• Published equity research on oilfield service, equipment and technology companies.• Employed fundamental analysis to recommend large and mid-cap publicly-traded equities.• Created and maintained Excel-based income, balance and cash-flow statements.• Collected proprietary industry data and compiled detailed research reports.• Travelled extensively and led due-diligence meetings with CEO's and CFO's of energy companies.• Presented research to portfolio managers and research analysts at institutional investment clients.• Originated investment banking relationships and advised on market sentiment. Equity Research Associate Company Name Salomon Brothers Dates Employed 1995 – 1998 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Salomon Brothers was a multinational financial services firm based in New York.Accomplishments included:• Published equity research on oilfield service, equipment, drilling and technology companies.• Employed fundamental analysis to recommend large and mid-cap publicly-traded equities.• Created and maintained Excel-based income, balance and cash-flow statements.• Collected proprietary industry data and compiled detailed research reports.• Travelled extensively visiting both industry companies and institutional investors.• Trained junior employees on systems, analytical techniques, process and procedure. Education Boston University Questrom School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1992 Boston University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1990 Hopkins School Degree Name High School Field Of Study College/University Preparatory and Advanced High School/Secondary Diploma Program Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1987 Featured Skills & Endorsements Private Equity See 74 endorsements for Private Equity 74 Private Equity Endorsed by Daniel E. Rosen and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Matt’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 61 endorsements for Hedge Funds 61 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Ted O'Connor and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Matt’s colleagues at Citadel LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Commodity Markets See 45 endorsements for Commodity Markets 45 Commodity Markets Endorsed by Nakatindi Chalansi and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (3) John Laguzza Managing Director at BNP Paribas Private Equity October 29, 2016, John worked with Matt but at different companies Strong understanding of finance and energy. Proactive at generating investment prospects and implementing those through his strong network of with management teams and funding sources. Alissa Valentina Knight Group Managing Partner, Brier & Thorn Inc; Managing Director, Brier & Thorn Germany, GmbH March 15, 2016, Matt was a client of Alissa Valentina’s I've known Matt for many years now. He has not only been a client, colleague, and close advisor, but also a dear friend. I've relied on him for years now as a subject matter expert in the oil and gas industry and have enjoyed working on many projects with him. From E&P companies with assets on land in the western Siberian basin to oil assets off shore, Matt and I have worked on them all and in my book is the foremost expert in the industry and wouldn't work on any oil and gas project without him on our team. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Madeline Jowdy Senior Director, Global Gas & LNG at S&P Global Platts (PIRA) March 16, 2017, Matt was a client of Madeline’s Madeline is a world-leading expert on LNG fundamentals, capable of dissecting and expounding on minute details of developments at Novatek Yamal and KOGAS Incheon, as well as on macro-developments such as the impact of Fukushima on LNG pricing, or the potential disruption and timing of US Gulf Coast liquefaction exports. I highly recommend her to anyone seeking fundamental clarity amongst the exuberance of Global LNG. Alissa Valentina Knight Group Managing Partner, Brier & Thorn Inc; Managing Director, Brier & Thorn Germany, GmbH January 18, 2016, Matt was a client of Alissa Valentina’s Alissa delivers results at a tremendous value. I've engaged several very large and mid-sized technology consulting firms for forensic, vulnerability and penetration testing services on behalf of oil companies in the US, UK, Israel and Russia. Brier and Thorn consistently ranks at the top when considering overall value delivered per dollar spent. I think anyone who engages Alissa will be pleased with the results. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Matt has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications New funding structures are needed for the new reality of developing onshore proved reserves - By Matt Epstein Strategic Hedging - By Matt Epstein Why Costless Collars are Bad - by Matt Epstein Interests Lou AdlerLou Adler is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO, best-selling author, created Performance-based Hiring. Recent book: The Essential Guide for Hiring & Getting Hired 1,124,092 followers Raytheon 252,574 followers Peter ArvaiPeter Arvai is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder @ Prezi 100,770 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,523,920 followers Boston University 266,566 followers Energy Trading & Risk Management (ETRM) Network 14,691 members See all See all following
More Actions Ann has a account Ann Duignan MD at J.P. Morgan, Equity Research J.P. Morgan Greater New York City Area 33 33 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience MD US Machinery Equity Research Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests J.P. Morgan 833,587 followers
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Sheridan Managing Director, UBS - Equity Research (US Internet & Interactive Entertainment) UBS St John's University School of Law Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Eric’s Activity 2,190 followers Proud to call this my new tribe as we fearlessly work towards accelerating the transition to sustainable investing Ethic Eric liked Marina Abramović & Jeff Koons front new online VR gallery Eric liked Experience Cleveland! Please join us for our annual 'Experience Cleveland' event on Thurs, July 20th at the Cleveland Zoo. We're excited to host the head of the Cleveland Zoo - Dr. Chris Kuhar. Our program will include a short Q&A with Dr. Kuhar, followed by a guided tour of the African Elephant Crossing, and a short tram ride highlighting what's on the horizon at the Cleveland Zoo. See attached for more details Eric liked Lyft gets $25M and a fleet of cars from new partner Jaguar Land Rover Eric liked I am very proud to see the UBS Fundamental Analytics team voted #1 in EMEA (Extel) just 8 months after the team launched. We secured the top three inidiviual slots in the category as well as the overall team #1. This is just the start. Much more to come. Eric liked original_final_scape.pdf Eric liked See all activity Experience Managing Director - Equity Research Company Name UBS Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location New York, NY Provide equity research coverage of 17 companies in the US Internet & Interactive Entertainment industries. Publish proprietary research on current operating trends for the covered companies and current/future Industry secular trends (Internet advertising, E-Commerce, Online Travel, Social Networking and Video Games). Portfolio Manager Company Name Citadel Investment Group Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Led the firm’s NY- based CME (Telecom, Cable/Satellite, Media, Internet & Leisure) investment team. Oversee all of the team’s fundamental & proprietary research. Responsible for portfolio construction and maintenance of risk parameters within a market neutral focus. Managing Director Company Name Intrepid Capital Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location New York Research Analyst Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jul 2000 – Dec 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Education St John's University School of Law Degree Name JD Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Franklin & Marshall College Degree Name BA Field Of Study History, Government, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 45 endorsements for Equity Research 45 Equity Research Endorsed by Ken Sena and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Eric’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 36 endorsements for Financial Modeling 36 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Krista Bessinger and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Eric’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 33 endorsements for Investments 33 Investments Endorsed by Adam Quinton and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Eric’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests UBS 456,537 followers Adobe Experience Cloud 57,424 followers iCrossing 14,388 followers FlipKey 4,302 followers Search Marketing Salon 19,861 members Internet of Things 110,289 members See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Matt Epstein Trusted advisor guiding institutional investors and technology companies on the nuances of the oil & gas industry. Aremet Group, LLC Boston University Questrom School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Matt Epstein is a financial expert with over 20 years of experience at leading institutions including Salomon Brothers, Lehman Brothers, Morgan Stanley and Citadel Investment Group. He formed Aremet Energy Consulting to advise oil and gas companies, institutional investors, and commodity trading firms. Most recently, leading satellite and big data companies have engaged Aremet seeking strategic, financial, and marketing advice. With a reputation for integrity and discretion, Mr. Epstein displays a rare, comprehensive, end-to-end fluency in operational, logistical, financial and market risk. He excels navigating complexity, forecasting scenario probability, and formulating strategy. Mr. Epstein regularly demonstrates thought-leadership through his writings and publications. Early in his career as sell­-side, equity-research analyst, he wrote numerous reports covering the oilfield service industry. He has also published in-depth articles on shale development finance, hedging strategy and the negatives of employing zero­-cost collars as a hedging tool in Oil and Gas Investor magazine. Currently, Mr. Epstein posts oil-price insights on LinkedIn Pulse. Mr. Epstein is a United States citizen residing in Greenwich, Connecticut. He earned degrees in 1992 through an honors-five­-year BA/MBA program at Boston University, where he graduated summa cum laude. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Matt’s Articles & Activity 7,160 followers Oil Prices - Pain Before Pleasure Matt Epstein on LinkedIn See 13 more articles The Forward Curve for Oil Prices Suddenly Looks Awful for OPEC Matt liked Perhaps the biggest misunderstanding of implied volatility as a signal: this "expert's" logic is just wrong. Come on Platts, you can't publish stuff like this! https://lnkd.in/dUGaJxg To be clear, I am not speaking about the author's conclusion - that, of course, is debatable as the future is unknowable. But the logic, that falling implied volatility while pricing is falling is a signal of a bottom - that's just WRONG and IRRESPONSIBLE for a professional to say. Matt liked a comment Only 1 company on earth can buy grocery chain, be rumored to buy enterprise software company & in both cases be lauded for strategic vision Matt commented See all activity Experience Oil and Energy Strategist; Chief Investment Officer; Equity and Commodity Research Company Name Aremet Group, LLC Dates Employed 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs Location Greenwich, Connecticut Aremet is an advisory firm specializing in petroleum finance and corporate finance. Recent accomplishments include:• Guiding leading satellite and big data companies on Go-to-Market strategies for the oil industry.• Delivering actionable fundamental analysis on energy markets and companies.• Recommending long-short securities positions and customized risk-reward strategies for institutional investors, commodity trading firms and hedge funds.• Analyzing publicly-traded debt, convertibles and equities in the exploration and production; oil-field service; pipeline, processing and transportation; and refining and marketing industries.• Originating financial solutions for oil and gas companies using private mezzanine and equity sources.• Navigating oil and oil field service companies through restructuring alternatives.• Originating middle-market oil and gas acquisitions for private equity funds.• Constructing and implementing commodity price hedging strategies at the project and corporate level.• Revealing a catastrophic cyber risk to a seismic data library during a debt financing due-diligence.• Creating a strategy to monetize proprietary information flows at a physical commodity brokerage.• Advising senior management of a major commodity trading firm on real asset acquisitions.• Delivering trade financing alternatives, security, and physical execution capabilities for an institutional investor in Russia.• Leading the design and implementation of anti-fraud and cyber security measures in a Siberian oil and gas joint venture.• Advising an independent entrepreneur on the sale of a sizable water transportation and disposal business in the heart of the Eagle Ford shale. Energy Sector Head; Energy Specialist Company Name Citadel Investment Group Dates Employed 2001 – 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greenwich, CT Citadel is a multi-strategy hedge fund group based in Chicago.Accomplishments included:• Managed a highly-leveraged, market-neutral portfolio of energy securities and listed commodities.• Employed fundamental and event-driven analysis to drive investment decisions.• Primarily generated returns from non-directional, stock specific alpha. • Managed two research analysts and contributed to overall long-short portfolio management team.• Successfully analyzed and profited from primary and secondary effects of Enron bankruptcy.• Played key role in establishing firm's physical commodity desk and hiring personnel.• Collaborated with event arbitrage, convertible arbitrage, distressed credit and commodity arbitrage groups. Senior Energy Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed 1999 – 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Morgan Stanley is a multinational financial services firm based in New York.Accomplishments included:• Analyzed and implemented oil and gas investment strategy for $18 billion sector rotation group. • Employed fundamental analysis for large and mid-cap stock selection and commodity-derivative overlay positioning. • Identified energy trends and their macro-economic impact.• Mentored younger analysts to systematically capture relevant data and to skeptically judge management comments and predictions.• Collaborated with other sector analysts on developing primary and secondary economic hypothesis and repeatedly tested and revised our world-view perspective. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed 1998 – 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area Lehman Brothers was a multinational financial services firm based in New York.Accomplishments included:• Published equity research on oilfield service, equipment and technology companies.• Employed fundamental analysis to recommend large and mid-cap publicly-traded equities.• Created and maintained Excel-based income, balance and cash-flow statements.• Collected proprietary industry data and compiled detailed research reports.• Travelled extensively and led due-diligence meetings with CEO's and CFO's of energy companies.• Presented research to portfolio managers and research analysts at institutional investment clients.• Originated investment banking relationships and advised on market sentiment. Equity Research Associate Company Name Salomon Brothers Dates Employed 1995 – 1998 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Salomon Brothers was a multinational financial services firm based in New York.Accomplishments included:• Published equity research on oilfield service, equipment, drilling and technology companies.• Employed fundamental analysis to recommend large and mid-cap publicly-traded equities.• Created and maintained Excel-based income, balance and cash-flow statements.• Collected proprietary industry data and compiled detailed research reports.• Travelled extensively visiting both industry companies and institutional investors.• Trained junior employees on systems, analytical techniques, process and procedure. Education Boston University Questrom School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1992 Boston University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1990 Hopkins School Degree Name High School Field Of Study College/University Preparatory and Advanced High School/Secondary Diploma Program Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1987 Featured Skills & Endorsements Private Equity See 74 endorsements for Private Equity 74 Private Equity Endorsed by Daniel E. Rosen and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Matt’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 61 endorsements for Hedge Funds 61 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Ted O'Connor and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Matt’s colleagues at Citadel LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Commodity Markets See 45 endorsements for Commodity Markets 45 Commodity Markets Endorsed by Nakatindi Chalansi and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (3) John Laguzza Managing Director at BNP Paribas Private Equity October 29, 2016, John worked with Matt but at different companies Strong understanding of finance and energy. Proactive at generating investment prospects and implementing those through his strong network of with management teams and funding sources. Alissa Valentina Knight Group Managing Partner, Brier & Thorn Inc; Managing Director, Brier & Thorn Germany, GmbH March 15, 2016, Matt was a client of Alissa Valentina’s I've known Matt for many years now. He has not only been a client, colleague, and close advisor, but also a dear friend. I've relied on him for years now as a subject matter expert in the oil and gas industry and have enjoyed working on many projects with him. From E&P companies with assets on land in the western Siberian basin to oil assets off shore, Matt and I have worked on them all and in my book is the foremost expert in the industry and wouldn't work on any oil and gas project without him on our team. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Madeline Jowdy Senior Director, Global Gas & LNG at S&P Global Platts (PIRA) March 16, 2017, Matt was a client of Madeline’s Madeline is a world-leading expert on LNG fundamentals, capable of dissecting and expounding on minute details of developments at Novatek Yamal and KOGAS Incheon, as well as on macro-developments such as the impact of Fukushima on LNG pricing, or the potential disruption and timing of US Gulf Coast liquefaction exports. I highly recommend her to anyone seeking fundamental clarity amongst the exuberance of Global LNG. Alissa Valentina Knight Group Managing Partner, Brier & Thorn Inc; Managing Director, Brier & Thorn Germany, GmbH January 18, 2016, Matt was a client of Alissa Valentina’s Alissa delivers results at a tremendous value. I've engaged several very large and mid-sized technology consulting firms for forensic, vulnerability and penetration testing services on behalf of oil companies in the US, UK, Israel and Russia. Brier and Thorn consistently ranks at the top when considering overall value delivered per dollar spent. I think anyone who engages Alissa will be pleased with the results. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Matt has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications New funding structures are needed for the new reality of developing onshore proved reserves - By Matt Epstein Strategic Hedging - By Matt Epstein Why Costless Collars are Bad - by Matt Epstein Interests Prezi 34,870 followers NNG LLC 5,182 followers Citadel LLC 43,099 followers Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) Applications Forum 3,529 members Lehman Brothers Alumni 20,874 members Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,744 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Cristinziano Strategic Development, Citrix Systems Citrix Systems Harvard Business School Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Michael is Corporate VP, Strategic Development at Citrix Systems. He is responsible for several corporate functions, including M&A strategy and execution, technology licensing, venture capital investments and investor relations. Michael’s strategic leadership has catalyzed Citrix’s transformation from a single-product tactical supplier to a strategic provider of secure application and data delivery solutions that let people work and play from anywhere using any device. Prior to joining Citrix, Michael was Managing Director at BMO Financial Group, where he covered the computer networking and software industries. During his tenure as an equity research analyst, Michael's work was recognized by The Wall Street Journal, Reuters and StarMine. A research analyst turned investment banker, Michael has lead or participated in M&A and financing transactions totaling over $7 billion in cumulative deal value since 1995. Cristinziano started his Wall Street career as a research analyst at Needham & Co. Prior to that he was a Member of Technical Staff at Telcordia Technologies (formerly Bellcore/Bell Labs) contributing to next-generation network standards and software development. Cristinziano earned a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from Temple University, a Master of Science in Systems Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania and completed post-graduate studies at Carnegie Mellon University and Harvard Business School. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Corporate VP, Strategic Development Company Name Citrix Systems Dates Employed Jul 2003 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs Location Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area Responsibilities include M&A, Strategic Investments, Technology Licensing and Investor Relations Technical Advisory Board Member Company Name Digital Guardian Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Independent Director Company Name Untangle, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Sunnyvale, CA Exited to Providence Growth Equity Independent Director Company Name Digital Guardian Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Waltham, MA Independent Director Company Name Sourcefire Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Acquired by Cisco in 2013 See more positions Education Harvard Business School Degree Name Making Corporate Boards More Effective Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Carnegie Mellon University Field Of Study Information Networking Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1990 University of Pennsylvania Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1988 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 19 endorsements for Strategy 19 Strategy Endorsed by Mick Hollison and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Michael’s colleagues at Citrix Click and drag to reorder skills Venture Capital See 15 endorsements for Venture Capital 15 Venture Capital Endorsed by 9 of Michael’s colleagues at Citrix Click and drag to reorder skills Business Alliances See 12 endorsements for Business Alliances 12 Business Alliances Endorsed by John-Marc Clark and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Citrix Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Digital Guardian 3,536 followers Citrix Trends and Innovation 1,237 followers Carnegie Mellon University 139,289 followers Cloud Computing 465,311 members Harvard Business School 336,936 followers Michael SkokMichael Skok is a LinkedIn Influencer Founding Partner at Underscore VC, EIR at Harvard Business School 129,432 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Bennett, CFA Equity Analyst at Schroders Schroders Georgetown University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name Schroders Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior Vice President Company Name Zelman & Associates Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior REIT analyst covering multi-family Associate Vice President Company Name Barclays Capital Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area REIT equity research analyst covering malls, shopping centers, data centers and net lease sectors Associate Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed 2007 – 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area REIT equity research analyst covering multiple sectors Analyst Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Investment banking division Education Georgetown University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Finance, Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Investment Banking See 7 endorsements for Investment Banking 7 Investment Banking Endorsed by 3 of Ryan’s colleagues at Lehman Brothers Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modeling 6 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Leigh Drogen, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 3 endorsements for Valuation 3 Valuation Endorsed by 3 connections Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Meghan Girard Level III Executive Consultant at Rodan + Fields February 23, 2010, Ryan managed Meghan directly Meghan effectively organized and executed our annual fundraising auction. In her role as auction chair, she demonstrated exceptional leadership, managing an auction committee of 15 volunteers. In terms of communication, Meghan regularly provided me as well as faculty advisors with regular detailed progress reports. In addition, she executed the event within her allotted budget. The event was success, raising about $250,000. Accomplishments Ryan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Ryan has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC) Interests NAREIT 2,405 followers Real Estate Investor 141,270 members Association of Financial Analysts 33,512 members Pete Asmus' Crowdfunding for Commercial & Residential Real Estate Investors 40,321 members Estimize 984 followers THE LAND REPORT 4,306 members See all See all following
More Actions Ann has a account Ann Duignan MD at J.P. Morgan, Equity Research J.P. Morgan Greater New York City Area 33 33 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience MD US Machinery Equity Research Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests J.P. Morgan 833,587 followers
More Actions Jonathan has a account Jonathan Eckard, Ph.D. Chief Business and Strategy Officer Sellas Life Sciences New York University School of Medicine Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Focused on advancing a novel cancer immunotherapy for a wide range of cancers See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Business & Strategy Officer Company Name Sellas Life Sciences Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location New York, New York Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Barclays Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Small/Mid-Cap Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Citi Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Biotechnology Equity Research Company Name Leerink Swann Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Equity Research Associate Company Name HSBC Securities Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Feb 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Biotechnology Equity Research See more positions Education New York University School of Medicine Degree Name PH.D. Field Of Study Toxicology/Carcinogenesis Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 New York University School of Medicine Degree Name MS Field Of Study Toxicology Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Ohio University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Biochemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Biotechnology See 38 endorsements for Biotechnology 38 Biotechnology Endorsed by Michael King and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 23 endorsements for Equity Research 23 Equity Research Endorsed by Michael Rindos, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 19 endorsements for Valuation 19 Valuation Endorsed by Michael Rindos and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests OHIO Alumni (Ohio University Alumni Association) 32,284 members New York University School of Medicine 43,132 followers Lifesciences Opportunities in US 61,455 members Biotech, Medical & Pharmaceutical Investment 19,153 members Citi 1,270,342 followers Equity Research Analyst Career Opportunities 2,813 members See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Blostein MD at Goldman Sachs - Equity Research (Financials) Goldman Sachs Brandeis University Greater New York City Area 492 492 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research - Capital Markets: Asset Managers, Brokers, Exchanges, Trust Banks Vice President Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 8 yrs 3 mos Equity Research - Brokers, Asset Managers, Trust Banks Equity Research Associate Company Name Wachovia Dates Employed Dec 2005 – Nov 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity Research Associate Company Name Wachovia Capital Markets Dates Employed 2005 – 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs Associate Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Sep 2004 – Nov 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos See more positions Education Brandeis University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Sigma Alpha Mu Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Neha Killa Vice President at BlackRock September 17, 2011, Alex managed Neha directly I've had a pleasure of working with Neha for about three years at Goldman Sachs, where she was my analyst in equity research covering US asset managers. During this time frame, she has grown professionally, continued to develop her technical and analytical skills and became a core part of the team. I highly recommend her for a position in the financial services industry. Justin Brimfield Chief Marketing Officer, EVP Corporate Strategy at Reval August 10, 2005, Alex reported directly to Justin Justin is a great manager whose energy and enthusiasm keeps his colleagues excited about work. Accomplishments Interests Outten & Golden LLP 656 followers Brandeis University 42,850 followers CME Group 45,017 followers Goldman Sachs 809,555 followers Millennium Management 13,429 followers Brandeis University 45,993 followers See all See all following
More Actions Scott has a account Scott Thompson Equity Analyst - Cloud and Comms Infrastructure at Wedbush Securities Marco Rubio for President Washington University in St. Louis - Olin Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience campaign staff Company Name Marco Rubio for President Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Equity Analyst - Cloud and Communications Infrastructure Company Name Wedbush Securities Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area, San Francisco Bay Area, CA Vice President Company Name FBR Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location New York, NY Research coverage focused on wireless devices and communication equipment sectors. Sr. Research Associate - Telecom and Wireless Devices Company Name Macquarie Bank Dates Employed May 2009 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location New York, NY Associate Analyst - Data Networking Company Name Banc of America Securities Dates Employed 2008 – 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY See more positions Education Washington University in St. Louis - Olin Business School Degree Name Masters in Business Administration Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 University of Missouri-Columbia Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Management Featured Skills & Endorsements Telecommunications See 21 endorsements for Telecommunications 21 Telecommunications Endorsed by Mike Zegarski and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Scott’s colleagues at FBR Click and drag to reorder skills Wireless See 15 endorsements for Wireless 15 Wireless Endorsed by Chandra Shekhar Pandey, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Networking See 14 endorsements for Networking 14 Networking Endorsed by Chandra Shekhar Pandey and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Scott’s colleagues at AT&T Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,943,048 followers Dr. Hossein EslambolchiDr. Hossein Eslambolchi is a LinkedIn Influencer Technical Advisor at Facebook 321,860 followers Global Telecom Professionals Association 23,367 members Wedbush Securities 4,559 followers University of Missouri-Columbia 168,991 followers AT&T Alumni 39,787 members See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Cummings SVP, Investor Relations at Salesforce.com Salesforce Columbia Business School San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Award-winning investor relations and finance professional with more than 15 years of demonstrated success building and managing best-in-class investor relations programs. Deep finance experience, including seven years as an equity research analyst for $1 billion long-short hedge fund covering multiple industries. Industry experience includes technology, Internet, enterprise software, biotechnology, renewable energy, real estate and financial services. Finance and capital markets experience includes M&A, IPOs, follow-ons, convertible notes, and series A-D private placements for venture backed companies. Financial modeling, valuation analysis, and investment thesis preparation and presentation expertise. Track record of attracting and retaining equity from a diverse set of investors, including pension funds, fund of funds, foundations, endowments, and family offices. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Company Name Salesforce Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Lead strategic investor relations for $5 billion enterprise software company (NYSE:CRM). Set IR strategy and manage program execution. Manage relationships with more than 50 sell-side analysts. Recipient of Institutional Investor Magazine's 2015 Award, Best IR Professional in Software (#1, Sell Side); Best IR Company in Software (#2, Buy Side). Vice President Company Name Aeolus Partners Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area and London, UK Raised equity and debt capital for the development and construction of more than 500MW of wind and solar energy projects in Southern Europe. Identified strategic institutional buyers and negotiated purchase and sale agreements. Vice President, Investor Relations Company Name Burns McClellan Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area and New York, NY Led the West Coast practice of leading investor relations consultancy. Managed investor relations for more than 20 public and private clients. Assisted six public and private biotech companies raise $185 million in growth equity. Director, Investor Relations Company Name Sybase, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2000 – Nov 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area Managed strategic investor relations for leading enterprise software company (NYSE:SY formerly). Led turnaround of IR function, improving disclosure, expanding institutional investor ownership in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Director, Investor Relations Company Name Pets.com Dates Employed Jun 2000 – Nov 2000 Employment Duration 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Built and led investor relations for newly public Internet retailer (NASDAQ: IPET formerly). Established investor relations department following the company’s highly visible public offering and dissolution, serving as the key spokesperson to investors and national media. See more positions Education Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Columbia MBA program ranked 1st in the nation by Financial Times in 2008. Highlights in course work included Real Estate, Economics, and Corporate Finance. University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Haas School of Business MBA program ranked 1st in the US by The Economist in 2009. Highlights in course work included International Business, Corporate Strategy and Private Equity. University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name BA Field Of Study Political Science: International Relations The UCLA Political Science department ranks in the top ten in the United States by the National Research Council (National Academy of Sciences), with the program achieving notable distinction in multiple fields of specialization. Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 51 endorsements for Strategy 51 Strategy Endorsed by Linda Bandov Pazin and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of John’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 47 endorsements for Financial Modeling 47 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Kristopher Drankiewicz and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of John’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills Investor Relations See 43 endorsements for Investor Relations 43 Investor Relations Endorsed by Linda Bandov Pazin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of California, Los Angeles 512,142 followers myBIO Community - Biotechnology connections 64,512 members California Life Sciences Association (CLSA) 10,711 members Columbia Business School 74,054 followers University of California, Los Angeles 479,058 followers Investor Relations Executives Group 16,333 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Kaye Equity Research at Citigroup Citigroup Cornell University - S.C. Johnson Graduate School of Management Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Fundamental equity analyst with extensive experience covering the financial services sector. Strong accounting and financial analysis skills coupled with excellent modeling capabilities. Consumer & Specialty Finance Sector - Covering Credit Cards/Networks (COF, AXP, DFS, SYF, MA, V), Mortgage Originators/Servicers & MSR Investment Vehicles (NSM, PFSI, PMT, NRZ, CHMI, HLSS), Commercial Lenders such as CIT and other consumer & specialty finance companies such as SLM and ECPG. Also experience with equity income stocks including mortgage REITs (NLY, AGNC, STWD) and BDC/RICs (ARCC, AINV, SLRC, BKCC). Previously covered the Exchanges/Market Structure stocks (CME, ICE, NYX, NDAQ, CBOE, GFIG) and OCN. Specialties: * Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) * Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in the State of New York Keywords: Fundamental Research, Valuation, Financial Modeling, Equity research analyst, Sell-side, Analyst covering, Buy-side, Investment Recommendations, Fundamental Analysis, Institutional Investors, Equity Analyst, Valuation Analysis, Accounting See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Michael’s Activity 708 followers For the second year in a row, Encore and it's employee volunteers have been awarded the Presidential Volunteer Service Award. Thank you to all of our employees who continue to give back to their communities! Michael liked Excited to share my perspective in The Emerging Landscape of Orphan / CNS Disorders panel discussion at JMP Securities LLC Life Sciences Conference http://bit.ly/2rbVFw5 Michael liked We wish Vendor Specialist Mari Fischer from the Legal Collections department of the St. Cloud, Minnesota office a happy retirement after 47+ years, the majority of them spent with us at Midland/Encore. Michael liked 5 Winning Strategies When Making Prospect Calls Michael liked ► Learn about the eight potential tax reform provisions alternative asset managers and investors should keep a close eye on, along with their potential implications to the industry. https://go.ey.com/2r2WypU Michael liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Company Name Citigroup Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Coverage of the Consumer & Specialty Finance industry.Covering Credit Cards/Networks (COF, AXP, DFS, SYF, MA, V), Mortgage Originators/Servicers & MSR Investment Vehicles (NSM, PFSI, PMT, NRZ, CHMI, HLSS), Commercial Lenders such as CIT and other consumer & specialty finance companies such as SLM and ECPG. Also experience with equity income stocks including mortgage REITs (NLY, AGNC, STWD) and BDC/RICs (ARCC, AINV, SLRC, BKCC). Previously covered the Exchanges/Market Structure stocks (CME, ICE, NYX, NDAQ, CBOE, GFIG) and OCN. Auditor Company Name KPMG Dates Employed 1997 – 2003 Employment Duration 6 yrs Financial Services – AuditLed engagement teams in financial statement audits and other professional services for major financial institutions Education Cornell University - S.C. Johnson Graduate School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Activities and Societies: Selected as a Cayuga Portfolio Manager for $6.5 Million Long/Short Equity Fund, Selected as a Teaching Assistant for Financial Statement Analysis Pace University Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Public Accounting Activities and Societies: Beta Alpha Psi, national accounting honor society Presidential Scholarship in recognition of outstanding academic achievementPace University Honors Program to foster academic development of outstanding students Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 20 endorsements for Financial Modeling 20 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Evangelos Momios, CFA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Michael’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 13 endorsements for Equities 13 Equities Endorsed by Evangelos Momios, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Michael’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 12 endorsements for Financial Analysis 12 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Vince Palmiere, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Michael’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Interests IvyLife Cornell 5,356 members Ivy MBA Network 594 members Financial Services Regulation 239,466 members NYSSA (The Official Group) 6,005 members Big Four Accounting Consulting - Deloitte, Ernst & Young, KPMG, PwC, Accenture, Capgemini (Big4.com) 383,968 members Encore Capital Group 24,238 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Sue Technology & Finance Trinodis, LLC Harvard Business School Executive Education San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I provide insights to technology companies from the formation stage to successful IPOs or exits. With a background in engineering, finance and accounting combined with strong domain expertise, I have successfully helped companies with strategy, finance, fund raising, differentiation, partnerships and alliances. I lead fund raising activities to support business growth through multiple stages ultimately to the public market and towards my broad base of institutional investors, pension funds and hedgefunds. I work closely with companies to understand industry and competitive dynamics while providing metrics for operational improvements and risk management. I have assisted private companies to drive scale while also helping to maintain active dialogue with investors. Specific duties include creating financial models, financial planning and budgeting, pricing strategies and detailed milestones and performance metrics. I often rely on my broad network to recommend Directors and Advisory Board members while working closely with executive teams to drive success. My 20+ year career history as an Institutional Investor ranked equity research analyst spans across multiple industries, companies, and markets with a focus on mobile, data networking, storage, and security markets.. I possess a diverse knowledge of industries, companies, and capital markets to include M&A, fund raising, secondaries and IPOs and debt raising. My strategic advisory work spans large-cap to small-cap companies, as well privately held companies. As a respected advisor I have a proven track record of leveraging and fostering relationships with a robust network of industry contacts, key stakeholders, C-level executives, and investment firms. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Partner Company Name Trinodis, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area I Partner with the CEO and executive team as a technology focused executive to help drive rapid company growth via the development and execution of strategy, operations, and financial planning initiatives. I lead fund raising activities to support business growth through multiple stages ultimately to the public market and to my broad base of institutional investors, pension funds and hedgefunds.I work closely with companies to understand the industry and competitive dynamics while providing metrics for operational improvements and risk management. I have assisted companies drive scale while also helping to maintain active dialogue with investors. I collaborate with teams on go-to-market, pricing, scaling, corporate development, channel development and M&A advisory. Specific duties include developing financial models, financial planning and budgeting, pricing strategies and detailed performance metrics. I often rely on my broad network to recommend Directors and Advisory Board members while working closely with executive teams to drive success. Advisory Board Member Company Name Broadband Pulse Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Broadband Pulse offers a solution to help make mobile data more affordable - PalWiFi.PalWiFi is a Community WiFi sharing service enabled by our platform empowering consumers to share WiFi. Everyone can share with anyone. Membership is free. Contribute your home Internet and acquire a PalWiFi-ready device that enables home-as-a-spot technology. Simple. Secure. Member of the Board Company Name WittyParrot Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Board member of WittyParrot Inc., a SaaS based content management and productivity platform that amplifies the speed, consistency and control of communications.Driving organizational excellence in finance, corporate strategy and business development. Managing Director, Senior Technology Analyst Company Name RBC Capital Markets Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 11 yrs 11 mos High profile award winning senior technology research analyst. Created and developed a leading research franchise in wireless technology and data networking. Principal & Partner Company Name C.E. Unterberg, Towbin Dates Employed Aug 2002 – Mar 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Senior Equity Analyst See more positions Education Harvard Business School Executive Education Field Of Study Organizational Leadership Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 Boston University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Engineering Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Degree Name Masters See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 53 endorsements for Equities 53 Equities Endorsed by Soohwan Kim, CFA and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Mark’s colleagues at RBC Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 47 endorsements for Financial Modeling 47 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Doug Freedman and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mark’s colleagues at RBC Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy See 46 endorsements for Business Strategy 46 Business Strategy Endorsed by Yossi Vardi, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Mark’s colleagues at RBC Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mark has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations American Accounting Association Ascend Leaders Society of Manufacturing Engineers The Association of Accountants and Financial Professionals in Business Mark has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Entrepreneurship 2: Launching your Start-Up Entrepreneurship 1: Developing the Opportunity Certificate of Professional Development, Wharton, U Penn Mark has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Mobile & Cloud Technologies 2015 Outlook Interests Schoology 6,275 followers Parthenon-EY 15,457 followers Quotient Technology Inc. 8,021 followers Pingdom 1,505 followers Enyx 310 followers Fairleigh Dickinson University 73,550 followers See all See all following
More Actions Katherine has a account Katherine Tait Equity Research Associate Goldman Sachs University of York London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Associate (Media) Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location London, United Kingdom Equity Research Associate (Consumer Staples) Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location london, united kingdom Intern in Global Investment Research Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location London, United Kingdom Intern Company Name Christians Against Poverty Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 1 mo Location Bradford, United Kingdom Gap Year Program in Monetary Analysis Company Name Bank of England Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Education University of York Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Tonbridge Grammar School Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of York 66,626 followers University of York 70,850 followers Goldman Sachs 809,556 followers
More Actions Ed has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Ed Maguire IoT, Innovation, Software and Finance Momenta Columbia University in the City of New York Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Finance Professional with extensive experience in equity research and investment banking, deep domain expertise in enterprise software. Proven success in identifying strategic opportunities, effectively articulating actionable insights based on rigorous analysis of technology, operations, competition and markets. Accomplished public speaker, writer and evangelist. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Ed’s Articles & Activity 6,422 followers Summer 2017 Book List Ed Maguire on LinkedIn See 8 more articles The Ultimate Guide To Making Smart Decisions Ed shared this D is for disruption. What a week in US grocery retail! 1. #Aldi kicks it off, announcing plans to invest $3.4bn in adding another 900 stores over the next five years, bringing it to 2,500 stores. 2. #Publix, which has been in and out of #ecommerce for many years, is going all in with #Instacart, and so is #Wegmans, a retailer which is renowned for its outstanding in-store experience and has some of the highest volume stores in the US. 3. #Lidl launches with a format that looks really solid and destined for success. 4. #Amazon tops it off with its plans to acquire Whole Foods Market, transforming both organisations, and impacting the entire sector. 5. And I almost missed #Walmart and its acquisition of Bonobos, continuing its evolution to be a tech-led business. What an amazing time to be working in this industry. Ed liked We got the green light to create a @Gartner Magic Quadrant for Industrial #IoT Platforms. Watch this space. $IT Ed liked See all activity Experience Principal Partner Company Name Momenta Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Momenta Partners cultivates Connected Industry companies across all life-stages. We help companies navigate their Digital Transformation journey, through our integrated Advisory, Executive Search and Ventures practices. Founder and Managing Partner Company Name Bluemont Partners Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Bluemont Partners advises in the technology, consumer and financial industries, providing clients with industry expertise, access and mentoring to propel innovation and fuel growth. Chief Strategy Officer Company Name Acreto Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Acreto is cloud-delivered data center grade security for distributed and purpose-built IoT technology ecosystems. Delivering endpoint security without the need to touch the endpoint! Advisor Company Name Tech2025 Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Tech 2025 is a platform and community for learning about, and discussing, the most consequential emerging technologies that will impact our world in the next 10 years including AI, Machine Learning, VR/AR/MR, Driverless Vehicles, Robot Automation, 3D Printing, Space Tech, Drones, Internet of Things, Blockchain, and Sustainable Technologies Managing Director, Equity Research - Software, Innovation and Internet of Things Company Name CLSA Americas LLC Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Location New York City Equity research coverage of software, innovation and the Internet of Things. Most recent coverage included Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce.com, Red Hat, Citrix, Trend Micro (Japan), Akamai, Teradata, PTC, Splunk and ServiceSource. Other coverage included McAfee, Sybase, Syniverse, Informatica, Qlik (acquired), IBM (transferred), Symantec, VeriSign and Rovi (discontinued). Long-form industry reports “Deep Field: Discovering the Internet of Things”, “Soft Machines: Cloud Computing and Software’s Ascendency”, “Compubiquity”, and the 2020 series - “2020 Foresight”, “2020 Innovation”, “Pulling 2020 Forward”, “2020 Forces Converging”, “2020 In Sight” outlined critical long-term trends in technology. Collaborative thematic reports included “Mirror Worlds” (Virtual/Augmented Reality),“Clouducopia” (Cloud Computing), “Life 2.0” (Quantified Self) and “From Bytes to Atoms” (3D Printing/Additive Manufacturing). Media (3) This position has 3 media 2020 In Sight.pdf 2020 In Sight.pdf This media is a document Deep Field-Discovering the Internet of Things.pdf Deep Field-Discovering the Internet of Things.pdf This media is a document SoftMachines.pdf SoftMachines.pdf This media is a document See more positions Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name BA Field Of Study Music, History Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 Activities and Societies: Jazz Band, Orchestra Rutgers Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, MIS Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 1999 St. Albans School Volunteer Experience Industry mentor for Rutgers Research Challenge Team Company Name CFA Institute Research Challenge Dates volunteered Dec 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 7 mos Cause Education Industry Mentor for the CFA Research Challenge since 2013, an annual competition for teams from colleges and universities to prove their mettle writing and presenting equity research. The Rutgers 2015 team captured first place out of 20 schools in the Northeast region, reaching the US finals. Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 122 endorsements for Strategy 99+ Strategy Endorsed by Adam Quinton and 17 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ed’s colleagues at CLSA Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 105 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 99+ Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Michael Guptan and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ed’s colleagues at CLSA Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 77 endorsements for Investments 77 Investments Endorsed by Adam Quinton and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ed’s colleagues at CLSA Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (6) Thomas K. Billington CEO, Billington CyberSecurity, Chair, 2017 International and 8th Annual Summits April 24, 2012, Thomas K. was a client of Ed’s Ed is an first-rate analyst, writes terrific reports based on interviews with world class experts and has a keen knowledge about the information security space. He has been a friend for over 30 years and I trust him absolutely. He's a superb guy and a trusted expert whom I recommend to you wholeheartedly. Joe Payne President and CEO at Code42 October 21, 2005, Joe worked with Ed but at different companies Ed is one of the brightest Enterprise software analysts in the market today. He is thorough, has a strong understanding of technology, and has established relationships throughtout enterprise software. As the CEO of multiple enterprise software companies that Ed has followed, I know of his abilities and insight first-hand. Vikas Mehta Head of Strategy, Commercial Business at Microsoft April 24, 2017, Ed worked with Vikas but at different companies I worked with Vikas when he was in Investors Relations at Microsoft assisting my work as a sell-side analyst. Vikas brings an extraordinary depth of knowledge both on the technology side as well as the business. In particular he provided a fantastic view into Microsoft’s Azure efforts, and he went out of his way to make sure that I had access to the right people to deepen my understanding. Lastly, Vikas is a true pleasure to work with, smart and well attuned to the needs of any situation. Zon Ellis Duracell Business Unit Controller at Procter & Gamble November 14, 2014, Zon was a client of Ed’s Working with Zon was always a great experience, he's one of those guys that you leave every conversation impressed by his intelligence, but also that he's a good guy. Thoroughly knowledgeable about both minutae and the big picture, he brings the right balance of financial depth and emotional intelligence to every situation we worked with. top tier talent... View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Ed has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Brad KeywellBrad Keywell is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-Founder and CEO at Uptake Technologies 73,538 followers danah boyddanah boyd is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder of Data & Society Research Institute 161,804 followers Rutgers Business School 27,919 followers IT Focus Expert Group 12,994 members Deepak Chopra MD (official)Deepak Chopra MD (official) is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chopra Foundation 5,024,475 followers Jazz Friends 23,637 members See all See all following
More Actions Joel has a account Joel Fishbein Managing Director at BTIG BTIG Widener University School of Law Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Plugging the Dam: Understanding the Next Wave of Cyber Threats – and Which Companies Will Capitalize The BTIG software team recently published a comprehensive report entitled “Cyber Security Landscape 2016 and Beyond: Playing the Game of Clones.” This report analyzes the current cyber security vendor landscape and identifies which public and private companies are best positioned as potential “disruptors” from a field that we dub the “clones.” Our analysis is based on hundreds of conversations with public and private companies, security experts, resellers, system integrators, and most importantly, customers. For a copy of the report inbox me at jfishbein@btig.com. Software Report: Evolve or die: Analyzing the impact of Cloud Computing on the IT landscape. While the migration to cloud computing will evolve over time, the disintermediation of legacy IT providers is well underway. Faster innovation cycles and the pay-as-you-go model are clearly resonating and have created a land-grab market. In light of this shift, we are taking this opportunity to examine the current competitive and market landscape, and assess emerging trends affecting the Cloud Computing market, including Cloud Infrastructure, Big Data/Analytics, Cloud Storage, Software Defined Networking, Cloud Platforms, the Social Enterprise, On Demand Software, Cloud Management, Desktop Virtualization, and Mobile Software. Cloud Computing: What's Next: The past year has confirmed our thesis that Cloud Computing is transforming the IT industry. Although cloud technology is still relatively immature, innovation on all layers of the cloud stack is unprecedented. The potential of the cloud to transform IT from capex to opex, improve business agility, and enable self-service is being embraced by customers and legacy vendors. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Joel’s Articles 4,516 followers Industry Report: “Making Enterprise Software Great Again: Analyzing the Impact of the SaaS Delivery Model.” Joel Fishbein on LinkedIn Publish dateApril 21, 2016 See 1 more article The BTIG software team recently published a comprehensive report entitled “Cyber Security Landscape 2016 and Beyond: Playing the Game of Clones.” Joel Fishbein on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 9, 2015 Experience Managing Director Company Name BTIG Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Managing Director Research Managing Director Company Name BMO Capital Markets Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Joel Fishbein joined BMO Capital Markets in 2013 as a Managing Director in the U.S.Equity Research Group. Mr. Fishbein is based in New York, and covers the softwaresector. Prior to joining BMO Capital Markets, Mr. Fishbein was the Senior ResearchAnalyst covering software at Lazard Capital Markets for over seven years. Previously,Mr. Fishbein was the Senior Research Analyst covering information security at JanneyMontgomery Scott Managing Director Company Name Lazard Capital Markets Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Joel P. Fishbein, Jr., a Managing Director and senior analyst covering technology, joined Lazard Capital Markets in September 2006. His investment thesis and methodology is fundamentally driven and research-intensive, including consistent contact with management, competition, and suppliers, and is based on, among other things, market position, valuation, financial strength, management experience, growth rate, and historical record. Joel has been recognized by the Wall Street Journal as "Best on the Street", StarMine as a five-star-rated analyst, and Thomson FirstCall as a top-rated software analyst. Prior to joining Lazard Capital Markets, he worked on the sell-side at Janney Montgomery Scott and on the buy-side at Gardner Lewis Asset Management and at the State of New Jersey Department of the Treasury pension fund. Analyst Company Name Janney Montgomery Scott Dates Employed Oct 2001 – Sep 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs Analyst Company Name Gardner Lewis Asset Management Dates Employed 2000 – 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education Widener University School of Law Degree Name JD Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1992 Rowan University Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1989 Rowan University Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1989 Featured Skills & Endorsements Cloud Computing See 86 endorsements for Cloud Computing 86 Cloud Computing Endorsed by Russ Dietz and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Joel’s colleagues at BMO Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 73 endorsements for Start-ups 73 Start-ups Endorsed by Fred Karsner and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Joel’s colleagues at Lazard Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Enterprise Software See 59 endorsements for Enterprise Software 59 Enterprise Software Endorsed by Jason Hoffman and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Nikolay Beliov Technology Research July 18, 2016, Joel managed Nikolay directly I had the pleasure of working with, and managing Nikolay for several years. Nikolay is highly analytical and gifted at accounting and financial modeling. He is a diligent worker and has the ability to work at a high level in stressful situations. I highly recommend him. (period) Marisa (Lewis) Bejarano Global Communications Leader March 18, 2012, Joel worked with Marisa but at different companies I have had the opportunity to work with Marisa for several years. Marisa is a highly professional executive. She is straight forward, trustworthy and and easy to work with. She holds herself to the highest standards of ethics in a very demanding industry. I recommend her without reservation. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Joel has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Joel has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Plugging the Dam: Understanding the Next Wave of Cyber Threats – and Which Companies Will Capitalize Interests Adaptive Insights 15,403 followers Kofax 19,001 followers ChannelWeb Network 8,811 members TeleSign 9,190 followers Carbon Black, Inc. 16,067 followers ChannelAdvisor 11,813 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christopher has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Christopher Nicholson Managing Director, ACF Equity Research, Board Director and Lead Equity Analyst at ORACA Independent Equity Research ACF Equity Research King's College London London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections InMail Founder and entrepreneur - Drive forward independent equity research and build our businesses. ACF our small cap business corporate clients only. Covers all sectors and distributes research globally and engages with blue chip professional investors and HNW. We have investor engagement and other services at higher service levels. ORACA our large cap secondary comm business. 10 sectors, global distribution, no corporate clients only PMs. ACF - 18 months (private, micro, small and mid-cap) issuer pays model, nevertheless highly independent approach. ORACA - 15 years (large cap) - uses a reader pays model based upon secondary commissions payments for high alpha independent research. Specialties: ACF - sector agnostic. ORACA - High Alpha independent equity research, analysis and valuation of listed telco, tech, media (TMT), global oil/gas/mining (extractives), pharma, biotech, nanotech (life sciences) and cleantech. We also have a macroeconomics research capability and publish daily. Achieved expertise in 10 equity sectors. ACF - clients LatAm, US, Europe and Asia, reseearch distribution global. ORACA - Our core geographical equity research expertise is Pan-Europe, Middle East/Africa. Distribution is global. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Christopher’s Activity 519 followers Kingfisher plc (OTCQX: KGFHY, KGFHF) Christopher liked Small caps failing to target small investors, survey shows Christopher liked How much are the foreign film markets worth? | AMA with Roland Rojas of BidSlate Christopher liked Biometrics in Financial Services – a new era of authentication and customer experience? Christopher liked Investors switch back to film and television schemes Christopher liked What's an Investor Marketing Audit & Why Should I Care? Christopher liked See all activity Experience Managing Director Company Name ACF Equity Research Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location London, United Kingdom ACF Equity Research provides a range of independent research services. Our clients range from large-cap through through to micro-cap listed entities and from established private businesses to business start-ups. ACF delivers independent research, excellent distribution and ultimate discretion as appropriate. Follow us on Twitter @ACFER2 Board Director, Lead Equity Analyst (Independent Sell Side) Company Name ORACA Independent Equity Research Dates Employed Nov 1999 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs 8 mos Location London, United Kingdom Christopher Nicholson's reputation is underpinned by his expertise in independent valuation of large cap through to start-up TMT businesses. You can follow ORACA and its other sectors on Twitter @ORACACNORACA's business model is research led secondary commissions/CSA. ORACA sector coverage: pan-European telco, media and tech (TMT) companies and their related technologies, extractives (Oil/Gas/Mining); cleantech, life sciences (Pharma/Biotech/Nanotech); Macroeconomics. ORACA is strictly a secondary commissions/CSA, independent valuations and independent advice business. ORACA does not undertake any primary commissions work. However we currently refer potential corporate and broking clients to ACF Equity Research www.acfequityresearch.com and Twitter @ACFER2 and its partners for primary commissions, white label and corporate research services, where Christopher Nicholson is also Managing Director. Head of Media and Technology Equity Research (Sell Side) Company Name Bryan Garnier & Co Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 5 mos Building Media and Tech team, producing sell-side equity research Equity Analyst (Buy Side) Company Name Legg Mason Dates Employed Sep 1997 – Sep 1999 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Trained as an equity analyst, covered Pan-European Telecommunications, Biotechnology, Pharma, Energy, Macroeconomics. Based in London. Education King's College London Field Of Study Biochemistry and Microbiology London School of Economics and Political Science Field Of Study Economics Volunteer Experience Groom Company Name London Equestrian Centre Dates volunteered Apr 2014 – Apr 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Animal Welfare Volunteer 1/2 to 1 saturday per week during busy periods and use 1 week of my annual leave to help my local yard during its busiest week.to ensure horses are groomed and looked after appropriately and regularly in relation to work load and looked after immediately after working. Help with tack preparation/cleaning and checking for safety. Assist with group lessons to ensure disabled and very young able children can have safe, enjoyable and productive riding lessons. Volunteer Fence judge at Snowball XC 2016. BHS S1*; BHS S2 Equitation* Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 18 endorsements for Equity Research 18 Equity Research Endorsed by Damien Chew, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christopher’s colleagues at ORACA Ltd Independent Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 14 endorsements for Equity Valuation 14 Equity Valuation Laurentius Human and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 13 endorsements for Valuation 13 Valuation Endorsed by Damien Chew, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christopher’s colleagues at ORACA Ltd Independent Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations James C. Senior Director, AWS Architecture & Professional Services at Rackspace September 13, 2011, Christopher worked with James but at different companies James was our IT liaison and solutions provider during the time his employer was a client or ours. His innovative technical solutions and skills in terms of internal communications made a significant contribution to the successful execution of the contract for both our client and our firm. I have remained in contact with James over the last 10 years and remain consistently impressed with his considered careful and correct counsel on relevant IT matters. I do not hesitate to direct relevant contacts towards him and in my experience James is an individual who is at ease in any environment.” June 14, 2011 Accomplishments Christopher has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French German Interests Music 4.5 1,962 members The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) 272,638 followers King's College London 135,965 followers Wealth Management Exchange 12,911 members Smart Solar UK & Ireland 8,871 members Portfolio Managers, Research, Capital Markets & Consulting Professionals 23,867 members See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Blostein MD at Goldman Sachs - Equity Research (Financials) Goldman Sachs Brandeis University Greater New York City Area 492 492 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research - Capital Markets: Asset Managers, Brokers, Exchanges, Trust Banks Vice President Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 8 yrs 3 mos Equity Research - Brokers, Asset Managers, Trust Banks Equity Research Associate Company Name Wachovia Dates Employed Dec 2005 – Nov 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity Research Associate Company Name Wachovia Capital Markets Dates Employed 2005 – 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs Associate Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Sep 2004 – Nov 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos See more positions Education Brandeis University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Sigma Alpha Mu Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Neha Killa Vice President at BlackRock September 17, 2011, Alex managed Neha directly I've had a pleasure of working with Neha for about three years at Goldman Sachs, where she was my analyst in equity research covering US asset managers. During this time frame, she has grown professionally, continued to develop her technical and analytical skills and became a core part of the team. I highly recommend her for a position in the financial services industry. Justin Brimfield Chief Marketing Officer, EVP Corporate Strategy at Reval August 10, 2005, Alex reported directly to Justin Justin is a great manager whose energy and enthusiasm keeps his colleagues excited about work. Accomplishments Interests Millennium Management 13,429 followers CME Group 45,016 followers Goldman Sachs 809,556 followers Brandeis University Alumni Networking Group for Finance Professionals 1,081 members Outten & Golden LLP 656 followers Brandeis University 42,850 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Cummings SVP, Investor Relations at Salesforce.com Salesforce Columbia Business School San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Award-winning investor relations and finance professional with more than 15 years of demonstrated success building and managing best-in-class investor relations programs. Deep finance experience, including seven years as an equity research analyst for $1 billion long-short hedge fund covering multiple industries. Industry experience includes technology, Internet, enterprise software, biotechnology, renewable energy, real estate and financial services. Finance and capital markets experience includes M&A, IPOs, follow-ons, convertible notes, and series A-D private placements for venture backed companies. Financial modeling, valuation analysis, and investment thesis preparation and presentation expertise. Track record of attracting and retaining equity from a diverse set of investors, including pension funds, fund of funds, foundations, endowments, and family offices. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Company Name Salesforce Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Lead strategic investor relations for $5 billion enterprise software company (NYSE:CRM). Set IR strategy and manage program execution. Manage relationships with more than 50 sell-side analysts. Recipient of Institutional Investor Magazine's 2015 Award, Best IR Professional in Software (#1, Sell Side); Best IR Company in Software (#2, Buy Side). Vice President Company Name Aeolus Partners Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area and London, UK Raised equity and debt capital for the development and construction of more than 500MW of wind and solar energy projects in Southern Europe. Identified strategic institutional buyers and negotiated purchase and sale agreements. Vice President, Investor Relations Company Name Burns McClellan Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Feb 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area and New York, NY Led the West Coast practice of leading investor relations consultancy. Managed investor relations for more than 20 public and private clients. Assisted six public and private biotech companies raise $185 million in growth equity. Director, Investor Relations Company Name Sybase, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2000 – Nov 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area Managed strategic investor relations for leading enterprise software company (NYSE:SY formerly). Led turnaround of IR function, improving disclosure, expanding institutional investor ownership in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Director, Investor Relations Company Name Pets.com Dates Employed Jun 2000 – Nov 2000 Employment Duration 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Built and led investor relations for newly public Internet retailer (NASDAQ: IPET formerly). Established investor relations department following the company’s highly visible public offering and dissolution, serving as the key spokesperson to investors and national media. See more positions Education Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Columbia MBA program ranked 1st in the nation by Financial Times in 2008. Highlights in course work included Real Estate, Economics, and Corporate Finance. University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Haas School of Business MBA program ranked 1st in the US by The Economist in 2009. Highlights in course work included International Business, Corporate Strategy and Private Equity. University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name BA Field Of Study Political Science: International Relations The UCLA Political Science department ranks in the top ten in the United States by the National Research Council (National Academy of Sciences), with the program achieving notable distinction in multiple fields of specialization. Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 51 endorsements for Strategy 51 Strategy Endorsed by Linda Bandov Pazin and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of John’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 47 endorsements for Financial Modeling 47 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Kristopher Drankiewicz and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of John’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills Investor Relations See 43 endorsements for Investor Relations 43 Investor Relations Endorsed by Linda Bandov Pazin, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Columbia Business School 83,293 followers Investor Relations Executives Group 16,333 members ALTERNATIVE ENERGY NETWORK 17,991 members Columbia University in the City of New York 257,523 followers Columbia University in the City of New York 286,874 followers Columbia Alumni Association Network 55,902 members See all See all following
More Actions Robert has a account Robert Hope, CFA Director - Equity Research at Scotiabank Scotiabank Wilfrid Laurier University Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director - Equity Research Company Name Scotiabank Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area • Equity research analyst following the energy infrastructure space. Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Macquarie Group Dates Employed May 2014 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area • Equity research analyst following the energy infrastructure space.• Primary coverage of a number of pipeline (ENB-T, ENF-T, TRP-T) midstream (ALA-T, GEI-T, IPL-T, KEY-T, PPL-T, TWM-T, VSN-T) and power companies (CPX-T, TA-T, RNW-T). Equity Research Analyst Company Name TD Securities Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto • Primary coverage of a number of energy midstream and industrial companies including: Keyera Corp. (KEY-T), Gibson Energy (GEI-T), Horizon North Logistics (HNL-T), Canexus Corp, (CUS-T), Newalta Corp. (NAL-T).• Develop and publish company and industry research reports• Interact with institutional clients and TD Securities' sales and trading team regarding industry and company fundamentals and valuations• Construct, maintain and enhance financial models to forecast company earnings• Compile and evaluate company and industry data in order to develop industry valuation and opinions Senior Associate - Equity Research Company Name TD Securities Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 8 yrs 8 mos • Initiated and maintain primary coverage of Newalta Corp. (Dec 2012), Gibson Energy Inc. (Sept 2011), Capital Power Income L.P. (Sept 2010 - Nov 2011) and Valener Inc. (Oct 2009).• Develop and publish company and industry research reports• Interact with institutional clients and TD Securities' sales and trading team regarding industry and company fundamentals and valuations• Construct, maintain and enhance financial models to forecast company earnings• Compile and evaluate company and industry data in order to develop industry valuation and opinions Equity Research Co-op Associate Company Name Scotia Capital Dates Employed Aug 2004 – Dec 2004 Employment Duration 5 mos • Acted as a Research Associate for former Semiconductor Analyst, Devan Moodley • Maintained and updated over 30 financial models based on financial news and quarterly reports • Updated and improved industry valuation tables • Assisted in the publication of a weekly technology newsletter for institutional clients Education Wilfrid Laurier University Degree Name Honours Bachelor of Business Administration Field Of Study Co-op Option, Concentration in Finance, Minor in Math Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 • Graduated with Distinction, Dean's list, 2002-2005• Calculus and statistics Teacher’s Assistant, 2002-2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 10 endorsements for Financial Modeling 10 Financial Modeling Endorsed by David Doyle, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Robert’s colleagues at TD Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 7 endorsements for Equity Research 7 Equity Research Endorsed by 3 of Robert’s colleagues at TD Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 5 endorsements for Equity Valuation 5 Equity Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Robert’s colleagues at TD Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Robert has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Financial Analyst Canadian Securities Course Conduct and Practices Handbook Interests Predator Oil Ltd 63 followers AltaGas Utilities Inc. 1,386 followers Horizon North Logistics Inc. 3,468 followers Scotia Wealth Management 7,246 followers Jeff MillerJeff Miller is a LinkedIn Influencer President and Chief Executive Officer at Halliburton 114,739 followers HOOPP (Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan) 8,383 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Sue Technology & Finance Trinodis, LLC Harvard Business School Executive Education San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I provide insights to technology companies from the formation stage to successful IPOs or exits. With a background in engineering, finance and accounting combined with strong domain expertise, I have successfully helped companies with strategy, finance, fund raising, differentiation, partnerships and alliances. I lead fund raising activities to support business growth through multiple stages ultimately to the public market and towards my broad base of institutional investors, pension funds and hedgefunds. I work closely with companies to understand industry and competitive dynamics while providing metrics for operational improvements and risk management. I have assisted private companies to drive scale while also helping to maintain active dialogue with investors. Specific duties include creating financial models, financial planning and budgeting, pricing strategies and detailed milestones and performance metrics. I often rely on my broad network to recommend Directors and Advisory Board members while working closely with executive teams to drive success. My 20+ year career history as an Institutional Investor ranked equity research analyst spans across multiple industries, companies, and markets with a focus on mobile, data networking, storage, and security markets.. I possess a diverse knowledge of industries, companies, and capital markets to include M&A, fund raising, secondaries and IPOs and debt raising. My strategic advisory work spans large-cap to small-cap companies, as well privately held companies. As a respected advisor I have a proven track record of leveraging and fostering relationships with a robust network of industry contacts, key stakeholders, C-level executives, and investment firms. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Partner Company Name Trinodis, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area I Partner with the CEO and executive team as a technology focused executive to help drive rapid company growth via the development and execution of strategy, operations, and financial planning initiatives. I lead fund raising activities to support business growth through multiple stages ultimately to the public market and to my broad base of institutional investors, pension funds and hedgefunds.I work closely with companies to understand the industry and competitive dynamics while providing metrics for operational improvements and risk management. I have assisted companies drive scale while also helping to maintain active dialogue with investors. I collaborate with teams on go-to-market, pricing, scaling, corporate development, channel development and M&A advisory. Specific duties include developing financial models, financial planning and budgeting, pricing strategies and detailed performance metrics. I often rely on my broad network to recommend Directors and Advisory Board members while working closely with executive teams to drive success. Advisory Board Member Company Name Broadband Pulse Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Broadband Pulse offers a solution to help make mobile data more affordable - PalWiFi.PalWiFi is a Community WiFi sharing service enabled by our platform empowering consumers to share WiFi. Everyone can share with anyone. Membership is free. Contribute your home Internet and acquire a PalWiFi-ready device that enables home-as-a-spot technology. Simple. Secure. Member of the Board Company Name WittyParrot Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Board member of WittyParrot Inc., a SaaS based content management and productivity platform that amplifies the speed, consistency and control of communications.Driving organizational excellence in finance, corporate strategy and business development. Managing Director, Senior Technology Analyst Company Name RBC Capital Markets Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 11 yrs 11 mos High profile award winning senior technology research analyst. Created and developed a leading research franchise in wireless technology and data networking. Principal & Partner Company Name C.E. Unterberg, Towbin Dates Employed Aug 2002 – Mar 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Senior Equity Analyst See more positions Education Harvard Business School Executive Education Field Of Study Organizational Leadership Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 Boston University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Engineering Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Degree Name Masters See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 53 endorsements for Equities 53 Equities Endorsed by Soohwan Kim, CFA and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Mark’s colleagues at RBC Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 47 endorsements for Financial Modeling 47 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Doug Freedman and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mark’s colleagues at RBC Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy See 46 endorsements for Business Strategy 46 Business Strategy Endorsed by Yossi Vardi, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Mark’s colleagues at RBC Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mark has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations American Accounting Association Ascend Leaders Society of Manufacturing Engineers The Association of Accountants and Financial Professionals in Business Mark has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Entrepreneurship 2: Launching your Start-Up Entrepreneurship 1: Developing the Opportunity Certificate of Professional Development, Wharton, U Penn Mark has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Mobile & Cloud Technologies 2015 Outlook Interests Microsoft 3,760,056 followers Pertino 1,716 followers Nimbus Data 3,403 followers Twilio Inc. 21,976 followers Clarifai 1,785 followers J.P. Morgan 833,591 followers See all See all following
More Actions Elisa has a account Elisa Xing Equity Research Analyst at Laurier Graduate Investment Fund Laurier Graduate Investment Fund Lazaridis School of Business & Economics at Wilfrid Laurier University Waterloo, Ontario, Canada 224 224 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Laurier Graduate Investment Fund Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Waterloo, Ontario, Canada [Utility Sector]Wrote Top-down analysis report from the Marco economics, specifically to the utility industry. Performed fundamental analysis on selected companies using Bloomberg, gathering data from all sources.Developed an excel-based discounted cash flow model based on the company’s financial statements, major announcements and technology developments. Financial Analyst Company Name RP Investment Advisors LP Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada -Reconciliation to daily attribution: updated daily NAV, AUM, matching with the internal operation risk team and calculated the management and performance fees for each fund in reference to the Lead Sheet.-Helped to manage dividend distributions for six funds, adjusted the final amount based on time value across different series and accounts through Equinox database, performing T3 tax slip for over 3000 clients.-Provided supporting information for valuation and pricing of the fixed income for the fund’s purpose.-Constructed combined Income Statement and Balance Sheet, bank reconciliation, journal ledger using Quickbooks online.-Assisted in the company restructure projects including valuation, closing & opening audits, multi-vendor communication, analyzed fund expenses and the budget for F2018 and presented it to CFO. Business Analyst Company Name Loewe Dates Employed Nov 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Shanghai City, China Performed quantitative and qualitative analysis by using excel functions and graphs on nation-wide sales performance.Assisted planning and preparing training venues for new staff and senior managers more than twice a month.Analyzed monthly 50 best-selling cases using psychology therapy and presented the summary by PPT to the director.Edited and translated LVMH’s 300-page product materials for internal training into PPTs and brochures, along with horizontal detailed analysis of competitors’ products in all categories. Corporate Business Department Intern Company Name Agricultural Bank of China Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Shanghai City, China Dealt with over 100 cash cheques and transfer cheques at the corporate business department daily, illustrating a strong attention to detail.Assisted recording the transaction and double-checking the elements efficiently and collaboratively.Gained knowledge on the card business as well as the accounting checking procedure. Auditor Company Name Deloitte China Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Shanghai City, China Achievement of Honors Certificate of DeloitteProcessed and analyzed massive amount of data in excel to evaluate companies on auditing standard procedure.Derived and processed data and accounting transactions for 52 branches of B&Q from SAP database system.Audited 8 kinds of working papers of expenses and inventories, arranged and checked each branch’s supporting files.Dealt with over 250 pieces of bank confirmations and 3000 accounting document samples.Be able to work long hours (8:00 to 24:00) and still keep efficient. See more positions Education Lazaridis School of Business & Economics at Wilfrid Laurier University Degree Name Master Field Of Study Finance with Coop Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2018 Activities and Societies: Laurier Investment and Finance Association Shanghai University of Finance and Economics Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study International Accounting CGA Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Activities and Societies: SUFE Chamber; SUFE Volunteer Team University of 211 Project Volunteer Experience Member Company Name SUFE Volunteer Association Dates volunteered Feb 2014 – Feb 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Volunteer of Shanghai Mercedes-Benz Exhibition Center Member Company Name SUFE Volunteer Association Dates volunteered Sep 2013 – Jan 2014 Volunteer duration 5 mos Cause Social Services Volunteer of Shanghai Liuli Museum Member Company Name SUFE Volunteer Association Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Jun 2013 Volunteer duration 10 mos Cause Social Services Volunteer of Shanghai Weifang Community Senior Center Featured Skills & Endorsements English See 4 endorsements for English 4 English L. Mark Cooper (MA) and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 3 endorsements for Auditing 3 Auditing L. Mark Cooper (MA) and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 3 endorsements for Microsoft Office 3 Microsoft Office L. Mark Cooper (MA) and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Elisa has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Academic Scholarship of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics Individual Scholarship of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics Achievement of Honors Certificate of Deloitte Individual Scholarship of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics Individual Scholarship of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics Elisa has 5 test scores 5 Expand test scores section Test Scores Certified General Acounting (CGA) IELTS GMAT Mandarin Proficiency Test Second Class Certificate College English Test Band 6 Elisa has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Accounting for Securities Econ & Quantitative Methods I Finance & Professional Ethics Investment Management Elisa has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Japanese Mandarin Shanghainese Interests Recode 756,354 followers Randi ZuckerbergRandi Zuckerberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO at Zuckerberg Media 502,004 followers Goodman & Company, Investment Counsel 254 followers CADENCE® 969 followers TechCrunch 1,694,058 followers Lazaridis School of Business & Economics at Wilfrid Laurier University 3,170 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joel has a account Joel Fishbein Managing Director at BTIG BTIG Widener University School of Law Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Plugging the Dam: Understanding the Next Wave of Cyber Threats – and Which Companies Will Capitalize The BTIG software team recently published a comprehensive report entitled “Cyber Security Landscape 2016 and Beyond: Playing the Game of Clones.” This report analyzes the current cyber security vendor landscape and identifies which public and private companies are best positioned as potential “disruptors” from a field that we dub the “clones.” Our analysis is based on hundreds of conversations with public and private companies, security experts, resellers, system integrators, and most importantly, customers. For a copy of the report inbox me at jfishbein@btig.com. Software Report: Evolve or die: Analyzing the impact of Cloud Computing on the IT landscape. While the migration to cloud computing will evolve over time, the disintermediation of legacy IT providers is well underway. Faster innovation cycles and the pay-as-you-go model are clearly resonating and have created a land-grab market. In light of this shift, we are taking this opportunity to examine the current competitive and market landscape, and assess emerging trends affecting the Cloud Computing market, including Cloud Infrastructure, Big Data/Analytics, Cloud Storage, Software Defined Networking, Cloud Platforms, the Social Enterprise, On Demand Software, Cloud Management, Desktop Virtualization, and Mobile Software. Cloud Computing: What's Next: The past year has confirmed our thesis that Cloud Computing is transforming the IT industry. Although cloud technology is still relatively immature, innovation on all layers of the cloud stack is unprecedented. The potential of the cloud to transform IT from capex to opex, improve business agility, and enable self-service is being embraced by customers and legacy vendors. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Joel’s Articles 4,516 followers Industry Report: “Making Enterprise Software Great Again: Analyzing the Impact of the SaaS Delivery Model.” Joel Fishbein on LinkedIn Publish dateApril 21, 2016 See 1 more article The BTIG software team recently published a comprehensive report entitled “Cyber Security Landscape 2016 and Beyond: Playing the Game of Clones.” Joel Fishbein on LinkedIn Publish dateDecember 9, 2015 Experience Managing Director Company Name BTIG Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Managing Director Research Managing Director Company Name BMO Capital Markets Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater New York City Area Joel Fishbein joined BMO Capital Markets in 2013 as a Managing Director in the U.S.Equity Research Group. Mr. Fishbein is based in New York, and covers the softwaresector. Prior to joining BMO Capital Markets, Mr. Fishbein was the Senior ResearchAnalyst covering software at Lazard Capital Markets for over seven years. Previously,Mr. Fishbein was the Senior Research Analyst covering information security at JanneyMontgomery Scott Managing Director Company Name Lazard Capital Markets Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Joel P. Fishbein, Jr., a Managing Director and senior analyst covering technology, joined Lazard Capital Markets in September 2006. His investment thesis and methodology is fundamentally driven and research-intensive, including consistent contact with management, competition, and suppliers, and is based on, among other things, market position, valuation, financial strength, management experience, growth rate, and historical record. Joel has been recognized by the Wall Street Journal as "Best on the Street", StarMine as a five-star-rated analyst, and Thomson FirstCall as a top-rated software analyst. Prior to joining Lazard Capital Markets, he worked on the sell-side at Janney Montgomery Scott and on the buy-side at Gardner Lewis Asset Management and at the State of New Jersey Department of the Treasury pension fund. Analyst Company Name Janney Montgomery Scott Dates Employed Oct 2001 – Sep 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs Analyst Company Name Gardner Lewis Asset Management Dates Employed 2000 – 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education Widener University School of Law Degree Name JD Field Of Study Law Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1992 Rowan University Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1989 Rowan University Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1989 Featured Skills & Endorsements Cloud Computing See 86 endorsements for Cloud Computing 86 Cloud Computing Endorsed by Russ Dietz and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Joel’s colleagues at BMO Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 73 endorsements for Start-ups 73 Start-ups Endorsed by Fred Karsner and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Joel’s colleagues at Lazard Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Enterprise Software See 59 endorsements for Enterprise Software 59 Enterprise Software Endorsed by Jason Hoffman and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Nikolay Beliov Technology Research July 18, 2016, Joel managed Nikolay directly I had the pleasure of working with, and managing Nikolay for several years. Nikolay is highly analytical and gifted at accounting and financial modeling. He is a diligent worker and has the ability to work at a high level in stressful situations. I highly recommend him. (period) Marisa (Lewis) Bejarano Global Communications Leader March 18, 2012, Joel worked with Marisa but at different companies I have had the opportunity to work with Marisa for several years. Marisa is a highly professional executive. She is straight forward, trustworthy and and easy to work with. She holds herself to the highest standards of ethics in a very demanding industry. I recommend her without reservation. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Joel has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Joel has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Plugging the Dam: Understanding the Next Wave of Cyber Threats – and Which Companies Will Capitalize Interests Cherry Hill HS East Alumni 509 members Sunstone Partners 66 followers Imperva 20,943 followers ServiceNow 83,763 followers Ben HorowitzBen Horowitz is a LinkedIn Influencer Horowitz at Andreessen Horowitz 222,416 followers Michael MoritzMichael Moritz is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner, Sequoia Capital 580,846 followers See all See all following
More Actions Craig has a account Craig Mc Gregor Equity Analyst at Oasis Group Holdings (SA) Oasis Group Holdings (SA) UCT Cape Town Area, South Africa 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a highly-driven, insight and data-driven finance professional with a background and strong personal affinity towards high pressure performance environments. CFA Level 3 Candidate, working on the buy-side for a global asset manager based in Cape Town, South Africa. My focus is fundamental analysis of the resources, consumer, and industrial sectors - making use of industry research, financial modeling, a variety of valuation methodologies, and contact with management. I am passionate about the financial markets and propagate interest in financial markets to the general public as a founding blogger of www.millenaires.com - which aims to make financial information, easily accessible to the millennial generation. Come say hi. Twitter: @_craigmcgregor Email: craigmcg123@gmail.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Craig’s Articles 557 followers Why China should be in your portfolio Craig Mc Gregor on LinkedIn Publish dateJune 26, 2015 See all articles Experience Equity Analyst Company Name Oasis Group Holdings (SA) Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Cape Town Area, South Africa Equity Analyst on Oasis Global and Oasis Crescent Global funds, covering the resource sector. Investment & Finance Blogger Company Name Millenaires.com Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Cape Town Area, South Africa Millenaires seeks to provide cutting-edge insights & analysis into pertinent finance, economic outlook, investment cases that are easy for the millennial adult to digest & apply. Follow @_Millenaires. Media (1) This position has 1 media Millenaires.com - Gen-Y's journey into investment & finance. Millenaires.com - Gen-Y's journey into investment & finance. This media is a link Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Cape Town Area, South Africa Equities & Data Analyst responsible for building consensus of estimates data compiled pre-financial release. Industry specialisation in Banking, Insurance, and REITs within Europe, Africa, and Middle East.Key Performance Areas● Comparing company results with sell-side analyst estimates● Engaging with Equity Analysts globally and analyzing research reports● Direct interaction with clients in order to provide support and solve a range of queries● Collaboration with global Bloomberg departments including Bloomberg’s equity research division● Creation of new workflow tools to improve internal processes, efficiency, and qualityHighlights: - I have contributed to a macro-economic report used in Bloomberg Businessweek and Obama’s Africa Summit 2014. - I also created a Earnings Season Summary for EMEA focusing on macro-economic trends. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Kanan Wealth Dates Employed Feb 2013 – May 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Cape Town Internship whereby I compile research reports on equities; bonds; and indexes, as well as a house-view on asset classes. Education UCT Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce Honours (B.Com.Honours) Field Of Study Financial Analysis and Portfolio Management Grade 71% Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 The Honours programme aims to prepare students to participate as highly competent professionals in the financial sector of the economy. To this purpose the programme is comprised of a range of modules which include studies in economic principles of finance‚ analysis and interpretation of financial statements‚ statistical methods in finance‚ equity valuation‚ futures and derivatives‚ fixed income securities‚ portfolio management and securities legislation. The programme is structured such that the graduate should be able to analyse financial situations at an executive level; to manage financial portfolios; to utilise advanced quantitative methods to make financial decisions based on financial forecasts; and to interact between different professions to form financial strategies. UCT Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Honours Field Of Study Advanced Film Production Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2008 UCT Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study English, Film Theory and Production Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Greenpop Dates volunteered Jul 2014 – Jul 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Environment Planted trees in an creche that was established for children with HIV, near Killarney Gardens in Cape Town. Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 21 endorsements for Financial Analysis 21 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Hamed Behairy, CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Craig’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 13 endorsements for Equity Research 13 Equity Research Endorsed by Andreas Feiner, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Craig’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 11 endorsements for Equity Valuation 11 Equity Valuation Endorsed by 4 of Craig’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Chris Knoll MSc International Finance - Amsterdam Business School October 14, 2014, Craig worked with Chris in the same group Craig is one of the most efficient people I have worked with; his analytical prowess and ability to make quick decisions have made working in a team with him a pleasure. Over the past year in the Earnings Estimates Analysis team, we have worked together on various projects both locally and internationally, and Craig’s performance has consistently been nothing short of exemplary, resulting in him fast becoming one of the outstanding members of our team.Craig has repeatedly gone above and beyond what has been expected of him, and through his intelligent approach to problem solving and finding efficiencies has advanced both the product we work on as well as his ever growing reputation across the company. I would highly recommend Craig for any position in finance, his analytical ability combined with his interpersonal skills would make him an asset to any team. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Craig has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Afrikaans English Mandarin Craig has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Level 1 Craig has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Earnings Season Summary Interests AG Capital PTY LTD 127 followers UCT FAPM Alumni & Students 202 members Capstone 33,587 followers Finance Club 1,037,798 members Efficient Frontier Recruitment "EFR" 382 followers 36ONE Asset Management (Pty) Ltd 495 followers See all See all following
More Actions Patrick has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Patrick Mason Chief Corporate Development Officer at Black Oak Analytics Black Oak Analytics Thunderbird School of Global Management San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail The last 20 years was primarily spent in 3 areas: 1) Corporate development, business strategy, selling ecommerce software as a service for personalizing the omni-channel shopping experience, social media CFO and advisor in technology startups, 2) as an alternative investment analyst and advisor in the areas of forex, commodity futures, quantitative models, technical analysis and real estate and 3) 12 years of my career was spent as a Sr. Equity Analyst researching and making investment recommendations in the technology sectors of Internet Application Software, Enterprise Software and SaaS. Skills: Ability to market and sell technology. Research, problem solving and creativity, ability to think outside the box. Persuasive writing skills particularly in areas of strategy, breaking down competitors and marketing strengths versus weaknesses. Financial abilities include stock picking, technical analysis, business data analysis, financial statement analysis plus applying fundamental research to an industry or global economic trends to synthesize a cohesive investment strategy appropriately weighting fundamental and technical analysis. Understand Wall Street versus Main Street and perceived value versus real value. Identification and analysis of M&A candidates that fit financially, strategically and culturally. Investment advisor in the areas of technology, forex and real estate. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Corporate Development Officer Company Name Black Oak Analytics Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Little Rock, Arkansas Area Find strategic partners, customers, potential investors if the right fit and show them the unique value of Black Oak Analytics technology. Expose Black Oak Analytics to my 20+ year network in the San Francisco Bay Area.We are a next-generation data solutions provider that enable our clients to create actionable, comprehensive views of data through our Entity Resolution, Data Driven Marketing, and Data Analytics and Modeling solutions. Each member of our unique team of SMEs, industry leaders, and leading academic researchers has a record of accomplishment and success in his or her own right. Together they are able to design innovative solutions for real industry problems.Entity Resolution: Our High Performance Entity Resolution (HiPER) system enables organizations to connect disparate data sources and identify non-obvious relationships across multiple data silos in many languages. HiPER will take your organization far beyond simple record deduplication by providing you a system of data structures, repositories and decision processes focused entirely on identity information. Database Marketing: Our solutions are supported by seasoned professionals that have managed and executed database marketing initiatives for some of the largest companies across the financial services, retail, and publishing industries.Analytics and Modeling: Our experienced team of analysts have worked with clients across industries to provide the foundation for more accurate and profitable decisions including characteristic profiling, data assessments, custom segmentation, model development, and performance tracking.We will work with you hand-in-hand to deliver the superior service and customer care you and your partners require and deserve. At Black Oak Analytics, you will not get ‘lost in the shuffle’. Media (1) This position has 1 media Consumer Data Management Solutions | Black Oak Analytics Consumer Data Management Solutions | Black Oak Analytics This media is a link Chief Investment Manager Company Name Mason Family Office Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location San Francisco Ongoing decision making and support regarding the family, extended family, healthcare, estate planning, investment analysis, resource allocation and optimizing assets including real estate property management. Participated in building houses for Habitat for Humanity. Career focus is on corporate development, business strategy consulting and research for startups to leverage my expertise in sales, finance and technology. Account Executive, Central Region Company Name RichRelevance Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location San Francisco Account Executive professional selling an industry leading, cloud-based personalization platform called enRich plus a suite of ecommerce and omnichannel products. The enRich platform supports billions of shopping transactions every day, delivering product recommendations, dynamic offers and tailored shopping media in real time, and at the scale of global retail. RichRelevance has driven nearly $8 billion in attributable sales for its traditional retail partners including Walmart, Target, Sears, Office Depot and internet retailers like Overstock.com and 1-800-Flowers.com. Founded by the team that pioneered the use of data to personalize product recommendations at Amazon.com, RichRelevance ranks #1 for personalization by Internet Retailer based on online sales across its clients in the Internet Retailer 1000. In aggregate, RichRelevance’s clients represent more than one-third of online retail and today the company serves six of the top 10 US retailers in ecommerce. Sr. Global Market Analyst Forex Company Name Hawthorne Growth Partners Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Analyze global macroeconomic data with geopolitical dynamics to formulate an investment thesis then combine this fundamental analysis with technical analysis to make trading decisions in the $1.5 trillion spot foreign exchange market. Research was mostly focused on the interrelationships of the U.S. Dollar, Euro, British Pound, Swiss Franc, Yen and some commodity currencies such as the Australian and Canadian Dollar plus the permutations of these 7 currencies. The technical analysis used a multitude of algorithms coupled with average true range (ATR) to define appropriate entry and exit levels. Chief Financial Officer Company Name trueAnthem Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Full time “bridge” CFO for a start up social media marketing company to place, track, analyze and manage brands, fans and multimedia content to maximize the customer engagement. Responsibilities included strategy, operational and financial functions, interacting with existing angel investors while assisting in raising an additional round of financing. Analyzed potential acquisition targets from a market opportunity, operational integration and financial valuation standpoint. See more positions Education Thunderbird School of Global Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study International Business, Latin America, Spanish Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1992 Lived in Costa Rica Summer 1992. Southern Methodist University Degree Name Graduate Field Of Study Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1991 One year executive graduate marketing program. Westminster College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Business and Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1987 Worked for IBM while in college. Volunteer Experience Volunteer Company Name Habitat for Humanity Greater San Francisco Dates volunteered Jun 2015 – Jun 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Building homes in the bay area. Featured Skills & Endorsements Start-ups See 40 endorsements for Start-ups 40 Start-ups Endorsed by Amanda Reed, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Patrick’s colleagues at RichRelevance Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 23 endorsements for Investments 23 Investments Endorsed by Greg Curhan and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Patrick’s colleagues at Pacific Growth Equities Click and drag to reorder skills CRM See 14 endorsements for CRM 14 CRM Troy Baker and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Todd Friedman Chief Customer Officer, Business Networks & Applications at SAP February 27, 2008, Todd worked with Patrick but at different companies Pat did very thorough and thoughtful research. He spent a great deal of time farming for data points to provide a unique perspective on the companies he followed. Matt Nawrocki VP Sales February 27, 2008, Matt worked with Patrick but at different companies Patrick knows software and has made some good investment recommendations over the years View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Patrick has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Hedge Fund Professionals Worldwide Network 29,662 members Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Innovate Arkansas 1,260 members Silicon Valley Venture Community 22,017 members Black Oak Analytics 227 followers RichRelevance 5,241 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Flanagan, CFA Senior Equity Portfolio Manager at Thrivent Asset Management Thrivent Asset Management Chartered Financial Analyst Appleton, Wisconsin 450 450 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Equity Portfolio Manager Company Name Thrivent Asset Management Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Manage the Thrivent Mid-Cap Stock Fund. Developed and presented an investment philosophy and strategy for the fund to senior management and the board of trustees for approval. Lead a team of investment professionals to meet the fund objectives and continually improve our investment process. Performance versus the Lipper Mid-Cap Core Universe:2009: 26th percentile; 2010: 25th percentile; 2011: 77th percentile; 2012: 75th percentile; 2013: 45th percentile; 2014: 19th percentile; 2015: 11th percentile; 2016: 1st percentile2017 Lipper Award Winner in Mid Cap Core category for 3- and 5-year periodsMarket the fund through CNBC, Bloomberg TV, Wall Street Journal, Investor's Business Daily, and Barrons interviewsPresent to the top-tier financial representatives at yearly sales conferences Senior Equity Portfolio Manager Company Name Thrivent Asset Management Dates Employed Feb 2004 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Co-Manage the Thrivent Mid-Cap Stock Fund. Developed and presented an investment philosophy and strategy for the fund to senior management and the board of trustees for approvalPerformance versus the Lipper Mid-Cap Core Universe: 2004 - 39th percentile; 2005 - 9th percentile; 2006 - 46th percentile; 2007 - 57th percentile; 2008 - 71st percentile Portfolio Manager Company Name Thrivent Asset Management Dates Employed Jul 2000 – Feb 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Co-manage the AAL Technology Fund. Market the fund through CNBC, Bloomberg TV, Wall Street Journal, Investor's Business Daily, and Barrons interviews. Present to the top-tier financial representatives at yearly sales conferences. Provide bi-annual updates to Morningstar analysts. Developed and presented an investment philosophy and strategy for the fund to senior management and the board of trustees for approval Education Chartered Financial Analyst Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Finance, Investment & Banking Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1993 University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration Field Of Study Finance and Real Estate Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 16 endorsements for Investments 16 Investments Endorsed by Mike Marzolf and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Brian’s colleagues at Thrivent Financial Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 13 endorsements for Portfolio Management 13 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Mike Marzolf and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Brian’s colleagues at Thrivent Financial Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 12 endorsements for Equities 12 Equities Endorsed by Mike Marzolf, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Brian’s colleagues at Thrivent Financial Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Peter Shouvlin Barton Investment Management December 23, 2014, Brian was a client of Peter’s I highly recommend Brian as an equity portfolio manager. I am an institutional equity sales person and have covered Brian since 1998. He is very knowledgeable about his portfolio companies, always has a detailed grasp of a company’s products and competitive position that few analysts possess. While he does a comprehensive analysis on the companies he is studying, he understands what is relevant to the particular stock and focuses his efforts on the key items. His work leads him to have conviction in his investments, not allowing the day to day trading noise to deter him; an independent thinker, that does not get influenced by the crowd. Brian maintains a strong, consistent investment process focused on key financial metrics such as free cash flow and return on invested capital and looks for management teams that are buying the stock personally, aligning themselves financially with shareholders. He is very disciplined in that if his investment thesis changes (financial metrics deteriorate, management sells stock) he will be quick to reduce and/or exit the position. Given his history of investing across multi sectors, he has a great grasp of risk management in terms of portfolio construction and the importance of proper sector allocation. He is in a class by himself in terms of passion, work ethic and communication skills. David Streit Vice President, Investor and Public Relations at EOG Resources February 1, 2014, Brian worked with David in the same group I worked with Brian for 13 years at Thrivent Asset Management, supporting his team as an equity analyst. Brian is an authentic servant-leader. He is dedicated to supporting those around him and is a charismatic team builder. His stock review sessions brought out the best in everyone, and Brian's rigorous analysis and insightful questions honed each new idea. Brian is an astute stock picker and sharp-eyed prospector of new investment ideas. His enthusiasm and insight into the technology sector stood out, where he was consistently ahead of the curve. Brian also made a mark as a credible and persuasive marketer and one of the best spokespersons for the firm in television and print interviews. He was in high demand as a speaker at Thrivent sales conferences, where he proved adept at cultivating top performing sales agents and high net worth clients. I highly recommend Brian as a leader of high performance teams and widely respected colleague and friend. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Paul Griesbach Quantitative Research & Investment Management "Finding the story within the numbers" December 26, 2014, Brian worked with Paul in different groups I worked with Paul for more than 10 years at Thrivent Asset Management. Paul supported and developed relationships with a number of different portfolio management teams during his tenure at Thrivent. Paul would understand the teams' needs, develop a quantitative process to answer the desired question, and effectively communicate the results to multiple audiences. I enjoyed working with Paul and would highlight that he has a strong work ethic and the utmost intergrity. John Hintz, CFA Head of Investments at Winch Financial October 20, 2013, John worked with Brian in the same group I worked with John for over 15 years at Thrivent. During his tenure, John mastered many skills including credit analysis, equity analysis, corporate strategy and portfolio management. John demonstrated a passionate work ethic that helped improve returns across many of the products at Thrivent. I would highly recommend John as a valuable team member to any organization looking to improve or enhance their analytical capabilities. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Brian has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations USA Swimming YMCA - Appleton, Wisconsin Brian has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests CFA Institute Members 69,519 members University of Wisconsin-Madison 278,420 followers Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members RavenPack 2,550 followers Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,507,282 followers Wisconsin Alumni (Official) 38,221 members See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Broderick Market Leader, Southwest at Cushman & Wakefield Cushman & Wakefield Stanford University Greater San Diego Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Dan Broderick is an executive in the commercial real estate industry with a proven track record and experience in M&A, recruiting top talent, growing new business lines, and improving performance in individuals and profit centers. Dan's prior brokerage experience is in excess of $8 billion from 60 transactions across four markets and four product types. As a leading real estate professional in his market for over a 15 years, Dan is well-versed in every aspect of the business including investment banking, capital markets, sales and leasing and corporate services. Dan’s experience and insight in the commercial real estate industry was instrumental in developing Cushman & Wakefield’s Southern California strategic growth initiatives. His proven success in building systems, teams and processes has enhanced the platform and the level of client service. As an award-winner, board member, volunteer and contributor to a myriad of industry, philanthropic and charitable causes, Dan is a well-established community leader. His industry involvement includes serving on the Board of Directors for Stanford Professionals In Real Estate (SPIRE), Board of Directors and past President for the San Diego chapter of NAIOP; a former member of the CRE Policy Advisory Board of the USD Burnham Moores Center for Real Estate; a member of ULI. Dan is a licensed real estate broker in California. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Daniel’s Articles 1,204 followers C&W Infographics: Celebrate the Super Bowl with Super Stats Daniel Broderick on LinkedIn Publish dateFebruary 3, 2017 See all articles Experience Regional Managing Principal, Southwest Company Name Cushman & Wakefield Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Southern California Dan leads all service lines for the Southwestern Region of Cushman & Wakefield, comprised of more than 550 professionals, in 7 offices, and representing over $150M of revenue. He is responsible for client engagement, revenue growth, developing, training, managing, coaching and transacting with brokers and staff throughout the region. Dan oversees Capital Markets, Occupier Services, Investor Services, Property Management and Project Management in the region. Dan is a leader within the national institutional Investor Services team, and works with a number of strategic accounts.In addition, Dan is responsible for the day-to-day leadership and management of the San Diego market, with nearly 300 professionals in 6 facilities. C&W is the market leader for commercial real estate services firm in San Diego County.Dan led the legacy commercial real estate firm Cassidy Turley San Diego/BRE through the sale and merger to the national firm Cassidy Turley (July 2013), and then as a Board Member of Cassidy Turley he led the Southern California region in the merger with the global platform of DTZ (January 2015). This merger was financed by a consortium led by TPG. Dan's role through the mergers was as strategic leader and manager of the Southern California Region, the third largest economy in the world. He led this region through the merger, integration, brand change and aggressive growth period. He was responsible for recruiting, operations, transactions, client retention, and the P&L performance of the region.Cushman & Wakefield now operates in more than 60 countries around the world and is well positioned in every major market for continued growth. With a tenacious, entrepreneurial, and client-centric culture of highly skilled people behind both firms, the new company will be able to tap into greater resources worldwide to deliver superior results for clients. President & CEO, San Diego Company Name Cassidy Turley / BRE Commercial Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location San Diego, CA Dan provided the strategic vision and leadership for rebranding and repositioning a regional firm with 170+ professionals. During this time the company increased organic revenue by 13% CAGR, while increasing EBITDA by 83% CAGR, achieving the highest EBITDA in the company's 27 year history. This resulted in the company's turnaround and sale, whereby returning shareholders a 361% increase in equity value and a 4.6 multiple in under three years. This was accomplished by Dan elevating the level of client service, and dramatically enhanced the breadth and depth of capabilities of the platform. Dan successfully recruited talent, he started and developed new service lines (property management and construction management), opened new offices, and created new product specialty areas (Institutional capital markets, senior housing and retail investments). He also moved quickly to divest under-performing entity investments and offices. He implemented an effective Performance Improvement Plan and the "TOP" training and development program. In addition to his passion for real estate, Dan’s passion the community and firm's culture was manifested in the mantra he created, “Client. Community. Culture.” They increased charitable contributions and giving by over 400% and was ranked as San Diego Business Journal as a "Best Places to Work" in 2013. Entrepreneurial, competitive and innovative by nature, Dan leads with a relentless pursuit of cutting-edge processes and results. Senior Vice President Company Name Eastdil Secured / Wells Fargo Dates Employed Apr 2005 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Greater San Diego Area Dan specialized in the advisory services for the dispositions and acquisitions of institutional grade commercial real estate (office, industrial, multifamily, and life science/R&D product). Dan completed over $8.0 billion in transactions, covering the Orange County, San Diego and Phoenix markets. His team was consistently ranked as the top sales teams in each market for assets over $30 million in value. His responsibilities included coordinating the entire process of a transaction, from winning the new business to closing the transaction. He underwrote, analyzed and valued assets; he pitched and prospected for new business; he edited and directed the creation of marketing materials and offering memorandums; and he interacted directly with investors and clients throughout the entire transaction process. Dan managed and coordinated deal-specific teams of professionals. Senior Associate Company Name Burnham Real Estate (now Cushman & Wakefield) Dates Employed Nov 2001 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Dan specialized in institutional grade office product in the Mid and North City markets of San Diego County. He participated in landlord and tenant represented lease and sale transactions with total consideration values in excess of $800 million. He was awarded “Rookie of the Year” and the “Civic Leadership” Award. Dan was a part of a hand selected “Strategic Steering Committee” that was comprised of leaders throughout the organization who focused on major company initiatives, including firm culture, training, the company’s “mission” and growth strategies, etc. Some of Dan’s institutional clients included Credit Suisse First Boston, Goldman Sachs, Equity Office Properties (EOP), Crescent Real Estate Equities, and DRA Advisors. Investment Banking - Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Jun 1999 – May 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr Location San Francisco Bay Area Dan analyzed, valued, and researched the performance and competitive position of prominent, public companies in the home furnishings industry. He presented companies and our research to institutional buyers. He created high-level PowerPoint presentations, and “roadshow decks” to present to institutional buy-side investment firms. He built financial models and charts based on earnings reports and forecasts, to compare and predict various data points. He drafted and formatted quarterly research reports and participated in initial public offerings. He monitored macro-economic trends to predict fluctuations in the retail and manufacturing sectors. Education Stanford University Degree Name Double BA Field Of Study Economics & Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Activities and Societies: Lacrosse La Jolla High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1994 Activities and Societies: Lacrosse Kent Denver Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Real Estate See 48 endorsements for Real Estate 48 Real Estate Endorsed by Michael Kane and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Daniel’s colleagues at Cushman & Wakefield Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 43 endorsements for Investments 43 Investments Endorsed by Matt Brand and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Daniel’s colleagues at Cushman & Wakefield Click and drag to reorder skills Commercial Real Estate See 40 endorsements for Commercial Real Estate 40 Commercial Real Estate Endorsed by Garrick Brown and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Daniel’s colleagues at Cushman & Wakefield Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Daniel has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations Young President's Organization (YPO) - San Diego Chapter Stanford Professionals in Real Estate (SPIRE) NAIOP San Diego Chapter USD Burnham Moores Center for Real Estate Advisory Committee Daniel has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards YPO Best Personal Development Event Award Real Estate Forum 40 Under 40 San Diego's Top Influentials Interests Stanford University 374,331 followers Cassidy Turley Commercial Real Estate 1,044 followers Cushman & Wakefield - Formerly DTZ 70,420 followers Burnham Real Estate 83 followers Cushman & Wakefield 237,650 followers Stanford University 440,273 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephanie has a account Stephanie Henderson Equity Research Analyst, ESG, Putnam Investments Putnam Investments Middlebury College Boston, Massachusetts 435 435 connections Send InMail 5+ years of investing experience in consumer, energy & financial sectors Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst, ESG Company Name Putnam Investments Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Boston, Massachusetts Equity Research Analyst Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed May 2014 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs Equity Research Associate Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Aug 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Education Middlebury College Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Political Science and Government Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 6 endorsements for Equity Research 6 Equity Research Endorsed by J. Seth Hamed , CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 5 endorsements for Investments 5 Investments J. Seth Hamed , CFA and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 2 endorsements for Bloomberg 2 Bloomberg Alex S. Gabor and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Impact Investing Network 14,704 members Putnam Investments 25,248 followers Middlebury College 32,984 followers Fidelity Investments 311,705 followers Forte Foundation 6,818 followers Middlebury College 33,856 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joshua has a account Joshua Raskin Managing Director at Barclays Capital Barclays Capital Lehigh University - College of Business and Economics Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Barclays Capital Dates Employed May 1999 – Present Employment Duration 18 yrs 2 mos Managing Director Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed 1999 – 2008 Employment Duration 9 yrs Education Lehigh University - College of Business and Economics Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Todd Remis Advisory Board Member at Independent Film Festival of Boston May 26, 2009, Todd was a client of Joshua’s I have worked with Todd for the past 10 years and have always found him to be a great business partner. Todd has a deep understanding of the markets and healthcare. I look forward to working with Todd for many years in the future. Charles Haff Sr. Equity Research Analyst- Healthcare, at Craig-Hallum Capital Group March 17, 2009, Joshua was a client of Charles’ Accomplishments Interests Lehigh University - College of Business and Economics 8,728 followers Managed Care Provider Contracting 7,397 members Mostly Medicaid (Medicaid Professionals) 8,140 members Barclays Investment Bank 255,080 followers Lehigh University - College of Business and Economics 8,647 followers Healthcare Investment Professionals 6,355 members
More Actions Manish has a account Manish Adukia Equity Research Analyst at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Management Development Institute, India Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Asia Pacific Telecom, Media & Internet Summer Employee Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Apr 2011 – May 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India Education Management Development Institute, India Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 St. Xaviers College, Calcutta Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Management Development Institute 13,131 followers Goldman Sachs 809,556 followers Management Development Institute 16,896 followers
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Broderick Market Leader, Southwest at Cushman & Wakefield Cushman & Wakefield Stanford University Greater San Diego Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Dan Broderick is an executive in the commercial real estate industry with a proven track record and experience in M&A, recruiting top talent, growing new business lines, and improving performance in individuals and profit centers. Dan's prior brokerage experience is in excess of $8 billion from 60 transactions across four markets and four product types. As a leading real estate professional in his market for over a 15 years, Dan is well-versed in every aspect of the business including investment banking, capital markets, sales and leasing and corporate services. Dan’s experience and insight in the commercial real estate industry was instrumental in developing Cushman & Wakefield’s Southern California strategic growth initiatives. His proven success in building systems, teams and processes has enhanced the platform and the level of client service. As an award-winner, board member, volunteer and contributor to a myriad of industry, philanthropic and charitable causes, Dan is a well-established community leader. His industry involvement includes serving on the Board of Directors for Stanford Professionals In Real Estate (SPIRE), Board of Directors and past President for the San Diego chapter of NAIOP; a former member of the CRE Policy Advisory Board of the USD Burnham Moores Center for Real Estate; a member of ULI. Dan is a licensed real estate broker in California. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Daniel’s Articles 1,204 followers C&W Infographics: Celebrate the Super Bowl with Super Stats Daniel Broderick on LinkedIn Publish dateFebruary 3, 2017 See all articles Experience Regional Managing Principal, Southwest Company Name Cushman & Wakefield Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Southern California Dan leads all service lines for the Southwestern Region of Cushman & Wakefield, comprised of more than 550 professionals, in 7 offices, and representing over $150M of revenue. He is responsible for client engagement, revenue growth, developing, training, managing, coaching and transacting with brokers and staff throughout the region. Dan oversees Capital Markets, Occupier Services, Investor Services, Property Management and Project Management in the region. Dan is a leader within the national institutional Investor Services team, and works with a number of strategic accounts.In addition, Dan is responsible for the day-to-day leadership and management of the San Diego market, with nearly 300 professionals in 6 facilities. C&W is the market leader for commercial real estate services firm in San Diego County.Dan led the legacy commercial real estate firm Cassidy Turley San Diego/BRE through the sale and merger to the national firm Cassidy Turley (July 2013), and then as a Board Member of Cassidy Turley he led the Southern California region in the merger with the global platform of DTZ (January 2015). This merger was financed by a consortium led by TPG. Dan's role through the mergers was as strategic leader and manager of the Southern California Region, the third largest economy in the world. He led this region through the merger, integration, brand change and aggressive growth period. He was responsible for recruiting, operations, transactions, client retention, and the P&L performance of the region.Cushman & Wakefield now operates in more than 60 countries around the world and is well positioned in every major market for continued growth. With a tenacious, entrepreneurial, and client-centric culture of highly skilled people behind both firms, the new company will be able to tap into greater resources worldwide to deliver superior results for clients. President & CEO, San Diego Company Name Cassidy Turley / BRE Commercial Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location San Diego, CA Dan provided the strategic vision and leadership for rebranding and repositioning a regional firm with 170+ professionals. During this time the company increased organic revenue by 13% CAGR, while increasing EBITDA by 83% CAGR, achieving the highest EBITDA in the company's 27 year history. This resulted in the company's turnaround and sale, whereby returning shareholders a 361% increase in equity value and a 4.6 multiple in under three years. This was accomplished by Dan elevating the level of client service, and dramatically enhanced the breadth and depth of capabilities of the platform. Dan successfully recruited talent, he started and developed new service lines (property management and construction management), opened new offices, and created new product specialty areas (Institutional capital markets, senior housing and retail investments). He also moved quickly to divest under-performing entity investments and offices. He implemented an effective Performance Improvement Plan and the "TOP" training and development program. In addition to his passion for real estate, Dan’s passion the community and firm's culture was manifested in the mantra he created, “Client. Community. Culture.” They increased charitable contributions and giving by over 400% and was ranked as San Diego Business Journal as a "Best Places to Work" in 2013. Entrepreneurial, competitive and innovative by nature, Dan leads with a relentless pursuit of cutting-edge processes and results. Senior Vice President Company Name Eastdil Secured / Wells Fargo Dates Employed Apr 2005 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Greater San Diego Area Dan specialized in the advisory services for the dispositions and acquisitions of institutional grade commercial real estate (office, industrial, multifamily, and life science/R&D product). Dan completed over $8.0 billion in transactions, covering the Orange County, San Diego and Phoenix markets. His team was consistently ranked as the top sales teams in each market for assets over $30 million in value. His responsibilities included coordinating the entire process of a transaction, from winning the new business to closing the transaction. He underwrote, analyzed and valued assets; he pitched and prospected for new business; he edited and directed the creation of marketing materials and offering memorandums; and he interacted directly with investors and clients throughout the entire transaction process. Dan managed and coordinated deal-specific teams of professionals. Senior Associate Company Name Burnham Real Estate (now Cushman & Wakefield) Dates Employed Nov 2001 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Dan specialized in institutional grade office product in the Mid and North City markets of San Diego County. He participated in landlord and tenant represented lease and sale transactions with total consideration values in excess of $800 million. He was awarded “Rookie of the Year” and the “Civic Leadership” Award. Dan was a part of a hand selected “Strategic Steering Committee” that was comprised of leaders throughout the organization who focused on major company initiatives, including firm culture, training, the company’s “mission” and growth strategies, etc. Some of Dan’s institutional clients included Credit Suisse First Boston, Goldman Sachs, Equity Office Properties (EOP), Crescent Real Estate Equities, and DRA Advisors. Investment Banking - Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Jun 1999 – May 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr Location San Francisco Bay Area Dan analyzed, valued, and researched the performance and competitive position of prominent, public companies in the home furnishings industry. He presented companies and our research to institutional buyers. He created high-level PowerPoint presentations, and “roadshow decks” to present to institutional buy-side investment firms. He built financial models and charts based on earnings reports and forecasts, to compare and predict various data points. He drafted and formatted quarterly research reports and participated in initial public offerings. He monitored macro-economic trends to predict fluctuations in the retail and manufacturing sectors. Education Stanford University Degree Name Double BA Field Of Study Economics & Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Activities and Societies: Lacrosse La Jolla High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1994 Activities and Societies: Lacrosse Kent Denver Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Real Estate See 48 endorsements for Real Estate 48 Real Estate Endorsed by Michael Kane and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Daniel’s colleagues at Cushman & Wakefield Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 43 endorsements for Investments 43 Investments Endorsed by Matt Brand and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Daniel’s colleagues at Cushman & Wakefield Click and drag to reorder skills Commercial Real Estate See 40 endorsements for Commercial Real Estate 40 Commercial Real Estate Endorsed by Garrick Brown and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Daniel’s colleagues at Cushman & Wakefield Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Daniel has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations Young President's Organization (YPO) - San Diego Chapter Stanford Professionals in Real Estate (SPIRE) NAIOP San Diego Chapter USD Burnham Moores Center for Real Estate Advisory Committee Daniel has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards YPO Best Personal Development Event Award Real Estate Forum 40 Under 40 San Diego's Top Influentials Interests Stanford University 440,273 followers Stanford University 374,331 followers Cassidy Turley 17,177 followers Cushman & Wakefield - Formerly DTZ 70,420 followers Burnham Real Estate 83 followers Cassidy Turley Commercial Real Estate 1,044 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Flanagan, CFA Senior Equity Portfolio Manager at Thrivent Asset Management Thrivent Asset Management Chartered Financial Analyst Appleton, Wisconsin 450 450 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Equity Portfolio Manager Company Name Thrivent Asset Management Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Manage the Thrivent Mid-Cap Stock Fund. Developed and presented an investment philosophy and strategy for the fund to senior management and the board of trustees for approval. Lead a team of investment professionals to meet the fund objectives and continually improve our investment process. Performance versus the Lipper Mid-Cap Core Universe:2009: 26th percentile; 2010: 25th percentile; 2011: 77th percentile; 2012: 75th percentile; 2013: 45th percentile; 2014: 19th percentile; 2015: 11th percentile; 2016: 1st percentile2017 Lipper Award Winner in Mid Cap Core category for 3- and 5-year periodsMarket the fund through CNBC, Bloomberg TV, Wall Street Journal, Investor's Business Daily, and Barrons interviewsPresent to the top-tier financial representatives at yearly sales conferences Senior Equity Portfolio Manager Company Name Thrivent Asset Management Dates Employed Feb 2004 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Co-Manage the Thrivent Mid-Cap Stock Fund. Developed and presented an investment philosophy and strategy for the fund to senior management and the board of trustees for approvalPerformance versus the Lipper Mid-Cap Core Universe: 2004 - 39th percentile; 2005 - 9th percentile; 2006 - 46th percentile; 2007 - 57th percentile; 2008 - 71st percentile Portfolio Manager Company Name Thrivent Asset Management Dates Employed Jul 2000 – Feb 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Co-manage the AAL Technology Fund. Market the fund through CNBC, Bloomberg TV, Wall Street Journal, Investor's Business Daily, and Barrons interviews. Present to the top-tier financial representatives at yearly sales conferences. Provide bi-annual updates to Morningstar analysts. Developed and presented an investment philosophy and strategy for the fund to senior management and the board of trustees for approval Education Chartered Financial Analyst Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Finance, Investment & Banking Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1993 University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration Field Of Study Finance and Real Estate Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 16 endorsements for Investments 16 Investments Endorsed by Mike Marzolf and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Brian’s colleagues at Thrivent Financial Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 13 endorsements for Portfolio Management 13 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Mike Marzolf and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Brian’s colleagues at Thrivent Financial Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 12 endorsements for Equities 12 Equities Endorsed by Mike Marzolf, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Brian’s colleagues at Thrivent Financial Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (4) Peter Shouvlin Barton Investment Management December 23, 2014, Brian was a client of Peter’s I highly recommend Brian as an equity portfolio manager. I am an institutional equity sales person and have covered Brian since 1998. He is very knowledgeable about his portfolio companies, always has a detailed grasp of a company’s products and competitive position that few analysts possess. While he does a comprehensive analysis on the companies he is studying, he understands what is relevant to the particular stock and focuses his efforts on the key items. His work leads him to have conviction in his investments, not allowing the day to day trading noise to deter him; an independent thinker, that does not get influenced by the crowd. Brian maintains a strong, consistent investment process focused on key financial metrics such as free cash flow and return on invested capital and looks for management teams that are buying the stock personally, aligning themselves financially with shareholders. He is very disciplined in that if his investment thesis changes (financial metrics deteriorate, management sells stock) he will be quick to reduce and/or exit the position. Given his history of investing across multi sectors, he has a great grasp of risk management in terms of portfolio construction and the importance of proper sector allocation. He is in a class by himself in terms of passion, work ethic and communication skills. David Streit Vice President, Investor and Public Relations at EOG Resources February 1, 2014, Brian worked with David in the same group I worked with Brian for 13 years at Thrivent Asset Management, supporting his team as an equity analyst. Brian is an authentic servant-leader. He is dedicated to supporting those around him and is a charismatic team builder. His stock review sessions brought out the best in everyone, and Brian's rigorous analysis and insightful questions honed each new idea. Brian is an astute stock picker and sharp-eyed prospector of new investment ideas. His enthusiasm and insight into the technology sector stood out, where he was consistently ahead of the curve. Brian also made a mark as a credible and persuasive marketer and one of the best spokespersons for the firm in television and print interviews. He was in high demand as a speaker at Thrivent sales conferences, where he proved adept at cultivating top performing sales agents and high net worth clients. I highly recommend Brian as a leader of high performance teams and widely respected colleague and friend. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Paul Griesbach Quantitative Research & Investment Management "Finding the story within the numbers" December 26, 2014, Brian worked with Paul in different groups I worked with Paul for more than 10 years at Thrivent Asset Management. Paul supported and developed relationships with a number of different portfolio management teams during his tenure at Thrivent. Paul would understand the teams' needs, develop a quantitative process to answer the desired question, and effectively communicate the results to multiple audiences. I enjoyed working with Paul and would highlight that he has a strong work ethic and the utmost intergrity. John Hintz, CFA Head of Investments at Winch Financial October 20, 2013, John worked with Brian in the same group I worked with John for over 15 years at Thrivent. During his tenure, John mastered many skills including credit analysis, equity analysis, corporate strategy and portfolio management. John demonstrated a passionate work ethic that helped improve returns across many of the products at Thrivent. I would highly recommend John as a valuable team member to any organization looking to improve or enhance their analytical capabilities. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Brian has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations USA Swimming YMCA - Appleton, Wisconsin Brian has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests CFA Institute Members 69,519 members Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members University of Wisconsin-Madison 295,133 followers University of Wisconsin-Madison 278,420 followers RavenPack 2,550 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephanie has a account Stephanie Henderson Equity Research Analyst, ESG, Putnam Investments Putnam Investments Middlebury College Boston, Massachusetts 435 435 connections Send InMail 5+ years of investing experience in consumer, energy & financial sectors Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst, ESG Company Name Putnam Investments Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Boston, Massachusetts Equity Research Analyst Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed May 2014 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs Equity Research Associate Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Aug 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Education Middlebury College Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Political Science and Government Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 6 endorsements for Equity Research 6 Equity Research Endorsed by J. Seth Hamed , CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 5 endorsements for Investments 5 Investments J. Seth Hamed , CFA and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 2 endorsements for Bloomberg 2 Bloomberg Alex S. Gabor and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Forte Foundation 6,818 followers Middlebury College 32,984 followers Impact Investing Network 14,704 members Fidelity Investments 311,705 followers Middlebury College 33,856 followers Impact Entrepreneur 16,644 members See all See all following
More Actions Joshua has a account Joshua Raskin Managing Director at Barclays Capital Barclays Capital Lehigh University - College of Business and Economics Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Barclays Capital Dates Employed May 1999 – Present Employment Duration 18 yrs 2 mos Managing Director Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed 1999 – 2008 Employment Duration 9 yrs Education Lehigh University - College of Business and Economics Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Todd Remis Advisory Board Member at Independent Film Festival of Boston May 26, 2009, Todd was a client of Joshua’s I have worked with Todd for the past 10 years and have always found him to be a great business partner. Todd has a deep understanding of the markets and healthcare. I look forward to working with Todd for many years in the future. Charles Haff Sr. Equity Research Analyst- Healthcare, at Craig-Hallum Capital Group March 17, 2009, Joshua was a client of Charles’ Accomplishments Interests Mostly Medicaid (Medicaid Professionals) 8,140 members Healthcare Investment Professionals 6,355 members Barclays Investment Bank 255,080 followers Lehigh University - College of Business and Economics 8,647 followers Lehigh University - College of Business and Economics 8,728 followers Managed Care Provider Contracting 7,397 members
More Actions guy has a account guy judkowski Managing Member at Waterloo International Advisors Waterloo International Advisors, LLC Temple University - James E. Beasley School of Law Greater Philadelphia Area 138 138 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow guy’s Articles 139 followers Combining Growth and Value Stocks to Reduce Volatility guy judkowski on LinkedIn Publish dateJune 30, 2016 See 1 more article Logan L/S Strategy Interview guy judkowski on LinkedIn Publish dateJune 14, 2016 Experience Managing Member & Portfolio Manager Company Name Waterloo International Advisors, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs 6 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area My firm currently serves as sub-advisor to Logan Capital Management, which offers a long/short strategy through separately managed accounts and a mutual fund. We are responsible for managing the short portfolio for the strategy. www.logancapitalfunds.comWaterloo managed short-biased hedge fund strategies from 2000-2013.www.waterlooadvisors.comEndorsements and recommendations received from my Connections were not solicited and they did not receive any form of compensation. Media (1) This position has 1 media Logan Capital Funds Logan Capital Funds This media is a link Founder & Publisher Company Name The Short Seller's Report/Balance Sheet Watch Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Feb 2007 Employment Duration 10 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area Published “The Short Seller’s Report,” a short sale newsletter, and “Balance Sheet Watch,” anaccounting newsletter. The publications were sold in February 2007. Managing Principal & Portfolio Manager Company Name Hedgehog Capital LP Dates Employed Feb 1998 – Dec 2004 Employment Duration 6 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area Equity Research Analyst Company Name HD Brous & Co. Dates Employed Apr 1996 – Aug 1999 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Great Neck, NY Equity Research Analyst Company Name Brahman Capital Dates Employed Jul 1995 – Mar 1996 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area See more positions Education Temple University - James E. Beasley School of Law Degree Name Juris Doctor (J.D.) Field Of Study JD/MBA Program Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1992 University of Pennsylvania Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study International Relations and Affairs Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 Volunteer Experience Co Organizer Company Name Charity Davis Cup Doubles Tennis Tournament Dates volunteered May 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 2 mos On Sunday, May 15, 2016, the 1st Annual Charity Davis Cup Doubles Tournament was held in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Organized by Guy Judkowski and Jordan Talasnik, 16 doubles teams each paid an entry fee and selected a charity of their choice to represent in the tournament. The tournament used a modified Compass Draw, with donations allocated to represented charities based on the order of finish in the tourney. We hope to hold the event every year. For more information about the charities represented and a summary of the day's action, go to http://www.talasniktennis.com/2016-charity-doubles-tournament. Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 2 endorsements for Equities 2 Equities Joel Luber and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 2 endorsements for Portfolio Management 2 Portfolio Management Joel Luber and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 1 endorsement for Hedge Funds 1 Hedge Funds Joel Luber has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments guy has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Short Selling: Cleaning Up After Elephants Interests University of Pennsylvania 205,834 followers Long / Short Equity Alternative Strategies 1,374 members Financial Advisor Magazine 61,039 members Portfolio Managers, Research, Capital Markets & Consulting Professionals 23,867 members Temple University - James E. Beasley School of Law 11,987 followers Temple University - James E. Beasley School of Law 11,732 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alexis has a account Alexis Zargar Former Location Planning Analyst Intern at Ross Stores, Inc. Ross Stores, Inc. Lehigh University - College of Business and Economics Greenwich, Connecticut 430 430 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Alexis’ Activity 428 followers Text Suicide Case: Michelle Carter Found Guilty of Manslaughter Alexis liked Congratulations to seven outstanding Rutgers Law students who were awarded scholarships from the Hispanic Bar Association of New Jersey. https://lnkd.in/ezMQs-8 Alexis liked dalwinpaulino : I will write a poem on a topic of your choice for $5 on www.fiverr.com Alexis liked Congratulations to Sanu Dev RLAW'11 for giving a successful presentation at the 45th Annual Special Education Law Conference at Lehigh University. Dev, a shareholder at Capehart Scatchard, was co-presenter at a seminar titled "Mental Health, Including Therapeutic Placements: Balancing the Law and Family Support." She concentrates her practice on school law and labor and employment law, and leads Capehart Scatchard's School Law Blog. Alexis liked A homeless man walks into Philz Coffee here in San Francisco. It's a bit of a grungy place, with a real authentic community vibe. Rather than ask him to leave, a barista says to the guy (who at this point is standing near the coffee ordering line), "Hey Dave, great to see you! Would you like some water this morning? We can get that for you." The man waits in line, just like everyone else, and gets ready for his water order. That was enough goodness for me, but then a manager walks around the counter, goes up to the man in line, and starts taking a breakfast order for him. And it's all happening like it's just another Friday. Life goes on all around them. No biggie. Humanity can be awesome. And when business is done with humanity, well, it seems like everyone wins. Alexis liked Where the Law Jobs Are: The 2016 Edition Alexis liked See all activity Experience Location Planning Analyst Intern Company Name Ross Stores, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location New York, NY * Analyzed the Non Traditional Home business by running and interpreting reports to increase profitability of the company* Assisted with the creation of pre-season plans, along with reviewing current in-season plans* Interpreted and analyzed trends within the business to find threats and opportunities in corporate strategies within regions and product groups Credentialing Intern Company Name Doctors United, Inc. Dates Employed May 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Westchester, NY Main Role: Ensured that all medical doctors are properly credentialed and could practice in the company's multiple locationsDuties included:* Filling out appropriate applications and sending them to insurance companies* Writing letters to ensure each insurance agencies has the correct demographic/logistical information for each medical doctor within the company * Keeping track of which medical doctors need to be credentialed and which are on par with insurance companies Sales Associate Company Name Vineyard Vines Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greenwich, CT * Assisted customers with online and in-store purchases* Kept track of and restocked inventory* Sent products to various locations across the country Education Lehigh University - College of Business and Economics Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Business Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Business Information Systems Club, Alpha Phi, Lehigh Melismatics Minor in Health and Medicine in Society, Minor in English St. Luke's School Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Chorale, Female A Capella, Coffee House Emcee, Environmental Club Treasurer, Lacrosse Team Manager, Literary Magazine. Placed on the honor roll for six consecutive semesters. Boston University Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 Participated in Creative Writing and Law seminars within the university's highly selective summer term program. Volunteer Experience Data Processing Volunteer Company Name Law School Transparency Dates volunteered Dec 2015 – Dec 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Reads provided data regarding student statistics from individual law schools and inputs said data into the LST database. Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Word See 16 endorsements for Microsoft Word 16 Microsoft Word Endorsed by Caitlin Grady and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media See 13 endorsements for Social Media 13 Social Media Endorsed by Andrew Lord and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 12 endorsements for Microsoft Office 12 Microsoft Office Endorsed by Julian Brahimy and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alexis has 14 courses 14 Expand courses section Courses Application Development for Business Business Data Management Business Intelligence Cloud Computing for Business Computers, Internet and Society Financial Accounting Introduction to Finance Introduction to Information Systems Legal Environment of Business Managerial Accounting Alexis has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Business Information Systems Club Alpha Phi Lehigh Melismatics, A Cappella Group Alexis has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Alexis has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Dean's List Recipient Interests Lehigh Valley Young Professionals and Entrepreneurs 436 members American University Washington College of Law 17,064 followers Lehigh University 62,003 followers Northeastern University School of Law 21,443 followers Lehigh University - College of Business and Economics 8,647 followers Villanova University Charles Widger School of Law 8,714 followers See all See all following
More Actions Carmen has a account Carmen Mpelwane Portfolio Manager at Seriti Asset Management Seriti Asset Management University of Cape Town Johannesburg Area, South Africa 489 489 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Portfolio Manager Company Name Seriti Asset Management Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Equity Research Analyst Company Name Craton Capital Dates Employed May 2011 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Equity Research Analyst Company Name Renaissance Capital Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Equity Research Analyst Company Name Citi Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Credit Analyst Company Name Absa Capital Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa See more positions Education University of Cape Town Degree Name Bachelor of Business Science Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 16 endorsements for Equity Research 16 Equity Research Endorsed by 2 of Carmen’s colleagues at Absa Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 11 endorsements for Financial Modeling 11 Financial Modeling Jen Dugmore and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 9 endorsements for Financial Analysis 9 Financial Analysis Jen Dugmore and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Craton Capital 84 followers University of Cape Town 132,922 followers University of Cape Town 123,388 followers
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Trussell Director at Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Paul Trussell joined Deutsche Bank in June 2011 and provides lead coverage of the broadline retail sector including department stores, dollar stores, discounters, and footwear retail. In 2012, Paul was a member of the #1 ranked team in the Institutional Investor (I.I.) Survey. Paul has over 10 years experience in equity research covering a variety of retail sectors. His career began in Chicago, serving as a corporate credit analyst and an associate in high yield bond research. Paul majored in Finance at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and he is also a Chartered Financial Analyst See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Paul’s Activity 1,013 followers The Greatest Gift: The Importance of Financial Education for Our Youth Paul liked See all activity Experience Director Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Sell-Side Equity Research focused on discount, department, dollar, grocery, and footwear retail stores. Vice President Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Apr 2004 – May 2011 Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Sell-Side Equity Research Associate Company Name Banc One Securities Dates Employed May 2003 – Apr 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr High Yield Bond Research focused on Oil Exploration and Auto Suppliers Analyst Company Name Bank One Dates Employed Jun 2002 – May 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr Corporate Banking Credit Analyst in Insurance and Telecom Sectors Education University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Activities and Societies: National Society of Collegiate Scholars; Phi Eta Sigma National Honor Society, College of Business & Administration Leiby Hall Scholar Latin School of Chicago Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Volunteer Experience National Treasurer Company Name Iota Phi Theta Fraternity Inc. Teacher/Presenter Company Name World of Money Dates volunteered Jul 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 5 yrs Cause Economic Empowerment http://www.worldofmoney.org Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 49 endorsements for Financial Modeling 49 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Pamela Roux and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 47 endorsements for Equities 47 Equities Endorsed by Laura Champine, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 39 endorsements for Valuation 39 Valuation Endorsed by Pamela Roux and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Paul’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Paul has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Interests Retail Industry Professionals Group 615,622 members Equity Research Analysts 20,871 members Deutsche Bank Black Leadership Forum 23 members University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 342,593 followers Retail Industry Professionals Worldwide 187,270 members Iota Phi Theta Fraternity, Inc 1,476 members See all See all following
More Actions Ana has a account Ana Gupte Senior Analyst and Managing Director, Healthcare Services Leerink Partners LLC Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Ana’s Activity 953 followers Going global Ana liked See all activity Experience Managing Director, Senior Analyst Healthcare Services Company Name Leerink Partners LLC Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Senior Analyst , Head of Healthcare Research Company Name Dowling & Partners Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos VP and Senior Equity Analyst Company Name Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Brokerage Analyst for Managed Health Care Industry Managing Director Company Name Aetna Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Executive Director Company Name Pfizer, Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2001 – Nov 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs See more positions Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 23 endorsements for Financial Modeling 23 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Paul Bienstock, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ana’s colleagues at Aetna Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 18 endorsements for Strategy 18 Strategy Endorsed by Aneesh Kumar and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Ana’s colleagues at Aetna Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 15 endorsements for Valuation 15 Valuation Endorsed by Paul Bienstock, CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ana’s colleagues at Aetna Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pfizer 1,530,373 followers Aetna 135,461 followers Choate Rosemary Hall 7,284 followers Bruce BroussardBruce Broussard is a LinkedIn Influencer President and CEO at Humana 191,477 followers Leadership Greater Hartford (LGH) 1,376 members Leerink Partners LLC 5,152 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Zwerner, CPA, CFA Research Analyst at a Hedge Fund Indus Capital Partners Yale School of Management San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Research Analyst at a Hedge Fund. Highlights Follow Follow Michael’s Activity 1,385 followers CEOs to Trump: You're failing Michael liked Extra thanks to the Santa Monica Chamber of Commerce for having me to speak on Marketing Strategy for #Millennials. Fantastic turnout, outstanding, engaged crowd. A roaring success! Nelly Hocke (Carvajal)Brian Mac MahonDustin DyeJonathan WallaceLorcan RowlandLauren BarnettAsal HeshmatiTalvinder SinghPaul HanGigi de PourtalesAdriana Tavares TorresanMessiah JacobsRobert Abram WellsTom Weedon Michael liked Can Vietnam Become a Global Tech Hub? Michael liked CEO Summit Michael liked Our plants are odor free with the appearance of botanical gardens. Watch and take a tour: http://ow.ly/ViBx30cbSKM Michael liked Cint Expands Global Leadership and APAC Operations Michael liked See all activity Experience Vice President Research Company Name Indus Capital Partners Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location New York Member of the Board of Directors Company Name Ancera Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research Analyst Company Name $2b Hedge Fund Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location New York, NY • Formulate long, short, and pair trades across developed and emerging markets • Coverage: Global Financials, Steel and Gaming, Soft Line Retail, Cable, Food Service, and various idiosyncratic names• Develop primary research including analysis of company filings, creation of financial models, comps, attendance of conferences, management meetings, as well as discussions with sell-side analysts• Collaborate with the Portfolio Managers on research topics as well as present and defend long/short positions • Led multiple off-site visits including a 2 week due diligence trip throughout China• Actively teach and mentor junior analysts Summer Associate Company Name Organica Infrastructure Fund Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Budapest, Hungary • Conducted strategic financial planning and due diligence on the creation of a €200 million emerging market infrastructure fund, focused on distributed wastewater treatment plants • Advised Organica on the structure of a Chinese investment vehicle for a €3 million equity investment into a wastewater treatment plant located in the Xi’an Hi-Tech Industries Development Zone, Shaanxi, China • Created a market entry forecasting model for a new Organica product line focused on decentralized water treatment and recycling plants for the US commercial industrial space, in close collaboration with the CFO and CEO• Developed master deck for a €10 million capital raise Analyst Company Name Glass Capital Management Dates Employed Sep 2004 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Miami, Fl • Determined the appropriate asset portfolio allocation and formulated overall portfolio strategy; investments included public and private equities, venture capital, and real estate investments• Valued small and large cap equities using various methodologies including FCF models, dividend discount models, REIT NAV, and historical price yields• Conducted due diligence on potential investments via onsite visits and discussions with company management to better understand their business fundamentals and investment strategies See more positions Education Yale School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: • Recipient, Dean’s Merit Scholarship • Elected Yale Graduate and Professional School Senator • Teaching Assistant for Negotiations • Teaching Assistant for Strategic Leadership Across Sectors • Student Ambassador Yale CEO Summit • GMAT: 710 (92nd percentile) • Co-head Jewish Students Association • Co-head Food & Wine Club • Director of mentorship & outreach for Latin Students Association • Mentor Finance Club & Sales and Trading Club Yale University Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: • Recipient, Dean’s Merit Scholarship • Elected Yale Graduate and Professional School Senator • Teaching Assistant for Negotiations • Teaching Assistant for Strategic Leadership Across Sectors • Student Ambassador Yale CEO Summit • GMAT: 710 (92nd percentile) • Co-head Jewish Students Association • Co-head Food & Wine Club • Director of mentorship & outreach for Latin Students Association • Mentor Finance Club & Sales and Trading Club University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2002 Activities and Societies: • Master's Thesis: "The Impact of Special Purpose Entities on the Level of Financial Disclosure: The Enron Debacle" • Recipient, Arthur Andersen Accounting Scholarship • Graduate Student Instructor for Financial Accounting 271, Fall 2001 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 72 endorsements for Valuation 72 Valuation Endorsed by Andrew Palen and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Michael’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 41 endorsements for Financial Modeling 41 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Nikolay Dinev, CFA and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Due Diligence See 30 endorsements for Due Diligence 30 Due Diligence Endorsed by Mitch Garrett, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Henry Silver, CFA Principal at Centerview Partners February 11, 2011, Henry and Michael were students together I know Michael through the Yale School of Management. Michael has always been generous with his time and has taken a personal interest in me. On a number of occasions, I have been able to leverage Michael’s experience in making decisions that had a tangible impact on my career. Furthermore, from an academic and professional standpoint, Michael is one of the most respected members of the Yale SOM community. Athan Slotkin Founder of glocal October 26, 2011, Michael and Athan were students together Having been through a lot of the experiences and projects that I was working through in my first year in our MBA program, I frequently reached out to Athan for guidance. He was always willing to take time to act as a mentor and give advice where necessary, regardless of his schedule. I also worked closely with Athan in Student Government and found him to be tremendously timely and meticulous. His positive can do attitude really radiated with those around him. Accomplishments Michael has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant Chartered Financial Analyst Michael has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests The Yale Club of New York City 685 followers University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business 51,068 followers Yale School of Management 22,083 followers Yale School of Management 36,877 followers University of Michigan Alumni 80,354 members AutoTec, LLC 1,450 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gabrielle has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Gabrielle Zhou Equity Research at Maxim Group Maxim Group New York University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Experience SVP, Equity Research Biotechnology and China Company Name Maxim Group Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location New York, NY Equity Research Associate, Biotechnology Company Name Maxim Group Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location New York, NY Investor Relations Company Name Kingston Advisors Dates Employed 2014 – 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area Education New York University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Corporate Communications Guangdong University of Foreign Studies Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study British and American Literature Skills Research Research Click and drag to reorder skills Investor Relations Investor Relations Click and drag to reorder skills Marketing Marketing Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Communications Corporate Communications Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gabrielle has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese Mandarin Gabrielle has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Series 7, 63, 86 and 87 Interests 广东外语外贸大学 34,167 followers New York University 434,835 followers New York University 465,705 followers Mount Sinai Health System 55,628 followers Guangdong University of Foreign Studies 37,845 followers Abeona Therapeutics Inc. 3,075 followers
More Actions Meyer has a account Meyer Shields Managing Director - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. at Stifel Financial Corp. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. at Stifel Financial Corp. University of Toronto Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Stifel Financial Corp. and its affiliated companies (“Stifel”) reserve the right to retain, monitor, and reproduce all electronic communications consistent with applicable law. Stifel Financial Corp. is the parent company of Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated and Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., Members SIPC & NYSE. Stifel will not accept purchase or sales orders via LinkedIn or any electronic messaging systems. The comments, postings, or views expressed are my own and do not necessarily reflect that of Stifel. Stifel is not responsible for content posted by third parties. Statements and messages are for U.S. residents only and are subject to the following terms: http://www2.stifel.com/site/content.aspx?id=146 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. at Stifel Financial Corp. Dates Employed Apr 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 3 mos Equity Research AnalystProperty/Casualty Insurance Associate Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Apr 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Associate Analyst Actuary Company Name Zurich Insurance Dates Employed Jul 1993 – Aug 2000 Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Insurance pricing for small and midsized commercial accounts, personal auto, and recreational vehicles Education University of Toronto Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Actuarial Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1992 Yeshivat Kerem B'Yavneh Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1989 Ner Israel Rabbinical College Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,286 followers Keare Society 225 members Casualty Actuarial Society 8,680 members University of Toronto 342,162 followers Hever Finance-Invest Jobs In Israel 1,569 members Stifel Financial Corp. 17,505 followers See all See all following
More Actions Katherine has a account Katherine Regner Cannan Equity Research Analyst at MFS Investment Management MFS Investment Management Harvard Business School Hong Kong 397 397 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Research and evaluate investment opportunities as part of a global equity research team responsible for $400 billion in assets under management. Associate Company Name Thomas H. Lee Partners Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Evaluate private equity investment opportunities as one of 35 investment professionals actively managing two buyout funds with approximately $16 billion in capital commitments across North America. Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Evaluated and executed direct, secondary and partnership investments as one of 32 investment professionals managing $24 billion in leveraged buyout, venture and distressed assets across North America, Europe and Asia. Education Harvard Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Section D, Investment Club Northwestern University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Economics Grade Phi Beta Kappa Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Kappa Alpha Theta, Dance Marathon Phillips Academy (Andover) Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Private Equity See 8 endorsements for Private Equity 8 Private Equity Kevin T. Malloy and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modeling 6 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Maxwell Wessel, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Management See 6 endorsements for Investment Management 6 Investment Management Megg Malloy and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Harvard Business Review 4,252,493 followers Franklin Templeton Investments 96,845 followers Goldman Sachs 809,554 followers MFS Investment Management 27,840 followers Susan CainSusan Cain is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-founder and Chief Revolutionary at Quiet Revolution 1,041,759 followers Northwestern University Alumni 46,951 members See all See all following
More Actions Suraj has a account Suraj Kalia Managing Director at Northland Securities NeuroOne Inc. CFA Institute Greater New York City Area 259 259 connections Send InMail Hard working, motivated, results oriented Highlights Experience Director Company Name NeuroOne Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Board of Directors Managing Director Company Name Northland Securities Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Sell-side research in medical devices Managing Director Company Name Rodman & Renshaw Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Sell-side research in medical devices Advisory Board Member Company Name Levitronix Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Senior Medical Device Analyst Company Name Piper Jaffray Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Sell-side research in medical devices See more positions Education CFA Institute Degree Name Chartered Financial Analyst Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 University of St. Thomas Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Investments and Securities Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 Stevens Institute of Technology Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Mergers & Acquisitions See 7 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 7 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Richard Wieland and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 6 endorsements for Financial Analysis 6 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Richard Wieland, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 6 endorsements for Corporate Finance 6 Corporate Finance Richard Wieland and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Subir Dey Sr. Accounts Development Manager at Sonoco August 20, 2013, Subir was Suraj’s mentor Suraj Kalia worked with me during his student years. He was a fast learner. He helped me with many projects. It was a pleasure working with Suraj. Subir Dey Sr. Accounts Development Manager at Sonoco August 20, 2013, Suraj reported directly to Subir Best boss I ever had....no question about it. Accomplishments Suraj has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents Front opening wafer carrier with path to ground effectuated by door Front opening wafer carrier with path to ground effectuated by door Suraj has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Suraj has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English, Hindi Interests Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay 75,623 followers Medical Device Opportunity 202,819 members Northland Securities 602 followers Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay 67,231 followers University of St. Thomas 66,103 followers Stevens Institute of Technology 50,931 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gabrielle has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Gabrielle Zhou Equity Research at Maxim Group Maxim Group New York University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Experience SVP, Equity Research Biotechnology and China Company Name Maxim Group Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location New York, NY Equity Research Associate, Biotechnology Company Name Maxim Group Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location New York, NY Investor Relations Company Name Kingston Advisors Dates Employed 2014 – 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area Education New York University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Corporate Communications Guangdong University of Foreign Studies Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study British and American Literature Skills Research Research Click and drag to reorder skills Investor Relations Investor Relations Click and drag to reorder skills Marketing Marketing Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Communications Corporate Communications Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gabrielle has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese Mandarin Gabrielle has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Series 7, 63, 86 and 87 Interests 广东外语外贸大学 34,167 followers New York University 465,705 followers Abeona Therapeutics Inc. 3,075 followers New York University 434,832 followers Mount Sinai Health System 55,628 followers Guangdong University of Foreign Studies 37,845 followers
More Actions Ana has a account Ana Gupte Senior Analyst and Managing Director, Healthcare Services Leerink Partners LLC Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Ana’s Activity 953 followers Going global Ana liked See all activity Experience Managing Director, Senior Analyst Healthcare Services Company Name Leerink Partners LLC Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Senior Analyst , Head of Healthcare Research Company Name Dowling & Partners Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos VP and Senior Equity Analyst Company Name Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Brokerage Analyst for Managed Health Care Industry Managing Director Company Name Aetna Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Executive Director Company Name Pfizer, Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2001 – Nov 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs See more positions Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 23 endorsements for Financial Modeling 23 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Paul Bienstock, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ana’s colleagues at Aetna Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 18 endorsements for Strategy 18 Strategy Endorsed by Aneesh Kumar and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Ana’s colleagues at Aetna Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 15 endorsements for Valuation 15 Valuation Endorsed by Paul Bienstock, CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ana’s colleagues at Aetna Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Duke University 150,787 followers Employee Benefit Adviser | Discussion Group 14,711 members Healthcare Investment Professionals 6,355 members McKinsey & Company 1,398,412 followers Pfizer 1,530,373 followers Choate Rosemary Hall 7,284 followers See all See all following
More Actions Katherine has a account Katherine Regner Cannan Equity Research Analyst at MFS Investment Management MFS Investment Management Harvard Business School Hong Kong 397 397 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name MFS Investment Management Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Research and evaluate investment opportunities as part of a global equity research team responsible for $400 billion in assets under management. Associate Company Name Thomas H. Lee Partners Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Evaluate private equity investment opportunities as one of 35 investment professionals actively managing two buyout funds with approximately $16 billion in capital commitments across North America. Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Evaluated and executed direct, secondary and partnership investments as one of 32 investment professionals managing $24 billion in leveraged buyout, venture and distressed assets across North America, Europe and Asia. Education Harvard Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Section D, Investment Club Northwestern University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Economics Grade Phi Beta Kappa Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Kappa Alpha Theta, Dance Marathon Phillips Academy (Andover) Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Private Equity See 8 endorsements for Private Equity 8 Private Equity Kevin T. Malloy and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modeling 6 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Maxwell Wessel, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Management See 6 endorsements for Investment Management 6 Investment Management Megg Malloy and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Franklin Templeton Investments 96,845 followers MFS Investment Management 27,840 followers Harvard Business School 336,937 followers Northwestern University 191,689 followers Northwestern University Alumni 46,951 members Harvard Business School 254,532 followers See all See all following
More Actions Meyer has a account Meyer Shields Managing Director - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. at Stifel Financial Corp. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. at Stifel Financial Corp. University of Toronto Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Stifel Financial Corp. and its affiliated companies (“Stifel”) reserve the right to retain, monitor, and reproduce all electronic communications consistent with applicable law. Stifel Financial Corp. is the parent company of Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated and Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., Members SIPC & NYSE. Stifel will not accept purchase or sales orders via LinkedIn or any electronic messaging systems. The comments, postings, or views expressed are my own and do not necessarily reflect that of Stifel. Stifel is not responsible for content posted by third parties. Statements and messages are for U.S. residents only and are subject to the following terms: http://www2.stifel.com/site/content.aspx?id=146 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. at Stifel Financial Corp. Dates Employed Apr 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs 3 mos Equity Research AnalystProperty/Casualty Insurance Associate Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Apr 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Associate Analyst Actuary Company Name Zurich Insurance Dates Employed Jul 1993 – Aug 2000 Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Insurance pricing for small and midsized commercial accounts, personal auto, and recreational vehicles Education University of Toronto Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Actuarial Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1992 Yeshivat Kerem B'Yavneh Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1989 Ner Israel Rabbinical College Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,285 followers Keare Society 225 members University of Toronto 374,243 followers Hever Finance-Invest Jobs In Israel 1,569 members Ner Israel Rabbinical College 1,037 followers University of Toronto 342,164 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Bierbusse Member, Board of Directors at Sanderson Farms, Inc. Sanderson Farms, Inc. Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Chicago, Illinois 269 269 connections Send InMail 23 years' experience as a sell-side equity research analyst following packaged food and agri-products companies. Extensive experience in financial modeling and writing, mentoring associates, and compliance. As a manager, extensive experience in hiring and evaluating professional personnel. Specialties: Capital markets, strategic analysis, financial modeling. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Member, Board of Directors Company Name Sanderson Farms, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 5 mos Board member since 2006; member of Audit and Compensation Committees. Certified as a "Financial Expert" for Sarbanes-Oxley reporting purposes. Vice President and Manager, Research Administration Company Name A.G. Edwards Dates Employed Feb 1987 – Mar 2004 Employment Duration 17 yrs 2 mos Equity research analyst responsible for coverage of the packaged food and poultry processing industries. As Manager, Research Administration, I managed the department's Compliance functions, including its Supervisory Analysts and ongoing adherence to regulatory guidelines governing equity research. Vice President Company Name Duff & Phelps Dates Employed Feb 1981 – Jan 1987 Employment Duration 6 yrs Research analyst responsible for equity and fixed income rating coverage of the packaged food, beverage, and tobacco industries Education Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Degree Name M.M Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1981 Northwestern University Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Economics; Political Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1973 – 1977 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 39 endorsements for Financial Modeling 39 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Donald Broughton, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 25 endorsements for Equity Research 25 Equity Research Debbie Siegel and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 24 endorsements for Equities 24 Equities Endorsed by Dennis Johnson, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (7) You haven’t received any recommendations Bill Watson President, Owner August 29, 2014, John was a client of Bill’s I can't recommend Bill highly enough. He is a consummate professional. I have been the very happy beneficiary of his work in my home. Bill is truly client-oriented; he genuinely wants his clients to be 100% satisfied. Exceptional problem-solving that aligns wonderfully with flawless execution.! York Freund Secretary/Treasurer, Board of Directors at The Bridges Homeowner Association September 10, 2012, John worked with York but at different companies I value York's incisive thinking. Excellent ability to focus on the essence of a problem, which for me clarifies decision-making. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Northwestern University 170,996 followers Sanderson Farms Chicken 5,099 followers Northwestern University 191,689 followers CFA Institute Members 69,519 members Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management 90,528 followers Portfolio Managers, Research, Capital Markets & Consulting Professionals 23,867 members See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Brendler Managing Director - Stifel at Stifel Financial Corp. Stifel Financial Corp. The University of Chicago Baltimore, Maryland Area 433 433 connections Send InMail Over 18 years covering the cards and payments industry with in-depth fundamental equity research and a passion for nonconsensus, differentiated, and prescient analysis Highlights Experience Managing Director - Stifel Company Name Stifel Financial Corp. Dates Employed Dec 2005 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 7 mos Location Baltimore, Maryland Area, United States Served as sell-side equity research analyst from institutional perspective. Published insightful reports and made prescient calls based on detailed fundamental analysis, unparalleled industry expertise, and broad network of industry contacts. Built robust relationships across key buy-side accounts and widely recognized as a go-to source in the card sector.• Differentiated, proprietary calls with compelling, concise, and opinionated written product, receiving consistent recognition for producing reports that “cut through the noise” and are “worth reading” --top-ranked client readership level within Stifel Equity Research.• Unparalleled industry knowledge helped clients understand key drivers of two extremely complicated and often misunderstood sectors (Specialty Finance and Payments), providing unique insights that the buy-side values, especially in a MiFID2 environment.• Supported research calls with detailed financial analysis and a thirst for underlying drivers, forming fundamental foundation for many prescient, proprietary, and non-consensus calls.• Perennial top-tier analyst in internal sales vote for unique research product and collaborative approach, always available and eager to engage with clients.• Demonstrated deep knowledge and understanding of merchant acquirers and networks as lead analyst coverage for payments industry.• Votes from most top buy-side accounts due to differentiated research product and prescient calls. Managing Director Company Name Legg Mason Dates Employed Feb 1998 – Dec 2005 Employment Duration 7 yrs 11 mos Location Baltimore, Maryland Area, United States Senior Financial Analyst Company Name Sears, Roebuck and Co. Dates Employed Jul 1996 – Feb 1998 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Hoffman Estates, Illinois Education The University of Chicago Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Activities and Societies: Academic Honors University of Virginia Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics Featured Skills & Endorsements Capital Markets See 6 endorsements for Capital Markets 6 Capital Markets Endorsed by 2 of Chris’ colleagues at Stifel Financial Corp. Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 6 endorsements for Investments 6 Investments Endorsed by Tom Galloway, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Chris’ colleagues at Legg Mason Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 6 endorsements for Management 6 Management Endorsed by 3 of Chris’ colleagues at Stifel Financial Corp. Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chris has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Institutional Investor Runner-Up 2011 Institutional Investor Runner-Up 2012 Institutional Investor Up-and-Comer 2004 Chris has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst® Interests Visa 364,258 followers Stifel Financial Corp. 17,505 followers Adyen 20,931 followers Merchant Acquirers 20,318 members The University of Chicago Booth School of Business 84,297 followers Coinbase 9,847 followers
More Actions Neil has a account Neil Mehta Vice President - Refiners, Integrated Oil Research Goldman Sachs Columbia University in the City of New York Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Energy & Utilities Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Global Investment Research Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name Columbia College Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 18 endorsements for Financial Modeling 18 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Michael Edgar and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Neil’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 12 endorsements for Valuation 12 Valuation Endorsed by Manav Gupta and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Neil’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 10 endorsements for Financial Analysis 10 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Michael Edgar and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Neil’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,445,794 followers Goldman Sachs Alumni Networking Group 20,679 members Columbia College, Columbia University in the City of New York 4,198 members Goldman Sachs 809,555 followers IvyLife. Alumni United. 47,565 members Columbia University in the City of New York 286,875 followers See all See all following
More Actions Suraj has a account Suraj Kalia Managing Director at Northland Securities NeuroOne Inc. CFA Institute Greater New York City Area 259 259 connections Send InMail Hard working, motivated, results oriented Highlights Experience Director Company Name NeuroOne Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Board of Directors Managing Director Company Name Northland Securities Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Sell-side research in medical devices Managing Director Company Name Rodman & Renshaw Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Sell-side research in medical devices Advisory Board Member Company Name Levitronix Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Senior Medical Device Analyst Company Name Piper Jaffray Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Sell-side research in medical devices See more positions Education CFA Institute Degree Name Chartered Financial Analyst Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 University of St. Thomas Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Investments and Securities Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 Stevens Institute of Technology Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Mergers & Acquisitions See 7 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 7 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Richard Wieland and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 6 endorsements for Financial Analysis 6 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Richard Wieland, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 6 endorsements for Corporate Finance 6 Corporate Finance Richard Wieland and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Subir Dey Sr. Accounts Development Manager at Sonoco August 20, 2013, Subir was Suraj’s mentor Suraj Kalia worked with me during his student years. He was a fast learner. He helped me with many projects. It was a pleasure working with Suraj. Subir Dey Sr. Accounts Development Manager at Sonoco August 20, 2013, Suraj reported directly to Subir Best boss I ever had....no question about it. Accomplishments Suraj has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents Front opening wafer carrier with path to ground effectuated by door Front opening wafer carrier with path to ground effectuated by door Suraj has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Suraj has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English, Hindi Interests Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay 75,623 followers University of St. Thomas 66,104 followers Stevens Institute of Technology 50,931 followers Cardiovascular Medical Devices Group 53,574 members Northland Securities 602 followers Stevens Institute of Technology 46,959 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ibrahim has a account Ibrahim Mohd Issa -- Nigeria 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Nick has a account Nick Barry Investment Banking Summer Analyst at Moelis & Company Moelis & Company University of Iowa - Henry B. Tippie College of Business Iowa City, Iowa 283 283 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Investment Banking Summer Analyst Company Name Moelis & Company Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Los Angeles, California Teaching Assistant Company Name University of Iowa - Henry B. Tippie College of Business Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Iowa City, Iowa Area Introductory Financial Management (FIN:3000)Corporate Financial Reporting (MBA:8140) Financial Analyst Intern Company Name HNI Corporation Dates Employed May 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Muscatine, Iowa Corporate Finance & Investor Relations Equity Research Analyst Company Name Krause Fund Dates Employed Jan 2016 – May 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Iowa City, Iowa Consumer Discretionary: Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) Intern Company Name First Whitney Bank & Trust Dates Employed May 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Atlantic, Iowa Education University of Iowa - Henry B. Tippie College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance Grade 4.21 Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2018 Activities and Societies: Hawkinson Institute of Business Finance, Financial Management Association, HawkTrade, Olympic Weightlifting Club, Direct Admit Peer Mentor Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 17 endorsements for Finance 17 Finance Ethan Eiler and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 14 endorsements for Financial Analysis 14 Financial Analysis Ethan Eiler and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 14 endorsements for Financial Modeling 14 Financial Modeling Ethan Eiler and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nick has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Tippie Scholar Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society Tippie 21 Under 21 University of Iowa Dean's List University of Iowa Honors Program University of Iowa President's List Nick has 5 organizations 5 Expand organizations section Organizations Financial Management Association International Buddies HawkTrade Olympic Weightlifting Club Tippie College of Business Interests University of Iowa 157,220 followers HNI Corporation 5,466 followers University of Iowa Tippie College of Business 20,809 followers University of Iowa Tippie College of Business 19,621 followers SpaceX 280,757 followers University of Iowa 152,350 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rebecca has a account Rebecca Gibbs Ph.D. Candidate at Harvard University Harvard Stem Cell Institute Harvard University Greater Boston Area 298 298 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Graduate Student Researcher Company Name Harvard Stem Cell Institute Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Boston Area Advisor: Dr. Lee RubinDepartment of Stem Cell and Regenerative Biology Drug Development Intern Company Name Novartis Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater Boston Area Contract Equity Research Analyst Company Name LifeSci Capital, LLC Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Analyst Company Name Focus Investment Banking Dates Employed Oct 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area Healthcare & Life Sciences Research Fellow (Technical IRTA) Company Name National Institutes of Health Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 10 mos Location NINDS--Neurogenetics Branch See more positions Education Harvard University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Biological and Biomedical Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2019 Activities and Societies: Harvard Biotechnology Club President (2016-Present) and Director of Programming (2015-2016), Harvard Program in Therapeutic Science (HiTS) Certificate, Department of Developmental and Regenerative Biology Teaching Fellow Georgetown University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Biotechnology Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 University of Southern California Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Neuroscience and Biological Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 See more education Volunteer Experience President Company Name Harvard Biotechnology Club Dates volunteered Aug 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 11 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Lifesciences See 12 endorsements for Lifesciences 12 Lifesciences Phylis Hetie Ph.D. and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 11 endorsements for Research 11 Research Endorsed by Mahdi Tondar, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Neuroscience See 8 endorsements for Neuroscience 8 Neuroscience Endorsed by David Herman and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Rebecca’s colleagues at University of Southern California Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rebecca has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications The DcpS inhibitor RG3039 improves motor function in SMA mice Severe neuromuscular denervation of clinically relevant muscles in a mouse model of spinal muscular atrophy Interests Georgetown University 140,187 followers University of Southern California 357,780 followers Massachusetts Life Sciences Start-up Initiative - MALSI 3,424 members SMA Foundation 199 followers Focus Investment Banking 833 followers Harvard University 607,441 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steven has a account Steven Wardell Cover digital health stocks for Wall Street, host digital health investor salons Chardan Capital Markets LLC Harvard Business School Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity research analyst covering digital health stocks for Wall Street at Chardan Capital Markets. Host of digital health investor salons. Author of The Future of Digital Health and the Digital Health Landscape. Four-time entrepreneurial executive in digital health and biotech, selling software into the healthcare provider, payer, and pharma budgets; backed by New Enterprise Associates, New Leaf, Flybridge, and Excel. Founder of Health 2.0 Boston. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Steven’s Activity 3,909 followers Thanks Thinking Heads for the opportunity to be a featured author in this month's edition of Global Trends. http://goo.gl/lqKDZx #impactinvesting Steven liked Outcome Health gets $500 million for patient education, activation tablets Steven liked See all activity Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst, Healthcare IT and Digital Health Company Name Chardan Capital Markets LLC Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater Boston Area Host Company Name Digital Health Investor Salons Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs Location National Convene the digital health community through hosting digital health salons in San Francisco, New York, Boston, and Chicago and at HIMSS and the Consumer Electronics Show. Bring together key stakeholders of digital health including entrepreneurs, consolidators, venture investors, growth investors, and asset managers. Hosted over 150 events in size from 8 to 700 people. Guests include Ray Kurzweil of Google, Jonathan Bush of athenahealth, John Abele of Boston Scientific, and Bob Higgins of Highland Capital Partners. Senior Equity Research Analyst, Digital Health Company Name Leerink Partners LLC Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Boston, MA Pioneered coverage of public companies in the digital health sector for leading buyside investors. Built leading digital health research franchise on Wall Street. Combines unequaled sources and executive experience in industry. Produced first and largest investor tour of digital health companies of Silicon Valley. Developed widely-used Digital Health Landscape with proprietary view of sector. Published first Digital Health stock index. Published leading industry white paper, The Future of Healthcare IT and Digital Health. Built industry and investor relationships. Educated investors about this high-potential sector.Coverage includes: Castlight (CSLT), Everyday Health (EVDY), Fitbit (FIT), HealthEquity (HQY), Imprivata (IMPR), IMS Health (IMS), Medidata (MDSO), Nuance (NUAN), Press Ganey (PGND), Teladoc (TDOC), WebMD (WBMD), Veeva (VEEV), WageWorks (WAGE). Media (3) This position has 3 media Wardell's Digital Health Landscape Wardell's Digital Health Landscape This media is an image Video: Wardell speaking at Health 2.0, Investing in Consumer Health Video: Wardell speaking at Health 2.0, Investing in Consumer Health This media is a video The Future of HCIT & Digital Health, Wardell and Larsen 2016 The Future of HCIT & Digital Health, Wardell and Larsen 2016 This media is a document Vice President, Marketing Company Name Activate Networks, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Newton, MA Big-data digital health company. Develops novel commercial analytics, sells analytic products to 9 out 10 of the largest pharmaceutical companies. Member of the Management Committee. Employee 8 and member of founding management team. Raised $16m in rounds led by Excel Ventures (Juan Enriquez). Exit in sale to Decision Resources Group.Roles include demand generation, sales support, product marketing, marketing communications & PR, corporate marketing (including branding, awareness, evangelism, and thought leadership), investor marketing, marketing automation, marketing operations, channel management, budgeting / forecasting, and business development.Produced large annual customer conference, the Connected Insight Summit, 2012-14. Tripled attendance, sold out conference, and recruited world's leading experts as speakers. Media (2) This position has 2 media Video: Steve Wardell Interview at HealthIT Insight Summit 2012 Video: Steve Wardell Interview at HealthIT Insight Summit 2012 This media is a video Activate Networks Overview 2012 Activate Networks Overview 2012 This media is a document Senior Director, Business Development Company Name PatientKeeper Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Watertown, MA Served as the senior business development officer of this leading digital health company and member of its Operating Committee. PatientKeeper is the leading developer of workflow automation and mobility enterprise software in the Electronic Health Record (EHR) sector. Raised $15m in rounds led by Flybridge (Chip Hazard); Exit in sale to Hospital Corporation of America (HCA).• Marketing - led product development, product marketing, and sales enablement through our sales channel partners.• Business development - sourced and managed sales-channel, product-development, and technology partnerships.• Sold out the sponsorship inventory of the annual PatientKeeper User Group Summit. See more positions Education Harvard Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study General Management Activities and Societies: Studied under leading marketing authority Prof. John Deighton. Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name e-Lab Field Of Study Entrepreneurship, Technology Activities and Societies: MIT Entrepreneurship Lab 2000; joined Sonexis (eYak), my e-Lab company, as Senior Manager of Strategic Development University of Cambridge Degree Name MPhil Field Of Study Economics/Finance See more education Volunteer Experience Board Member, Healthcare Alumni Association Company Name Harvard Business School Dates volunteered Sep 2002 – Sep 2014 Volunteer duration 12 yrs 1 mo Cause Health Volunteer for HBS Healthcare Alumni Association, elected to the board in 2008. As a volunteer I co-produce the annual HBS Health Conference, and host other healthcare and life science events throughout the year for the Association's Roundtable series. Founding Family Company Name Birches Elementary School Dates volunteered Jan 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 5 yrs 6 mos Cause Education Founding parent of Birches Elementary School, a nature-based, mindful, elementary school with a STEAM (science, technology, engineering, arts, and mathematics) curriculum. Volunteer producer, TEDxBerkshires Company Name TED Conferences Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Jan 2010 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Arts and Culture Featured Skills & Endorsements Start-ups See 72 endorsements for Start-ups 72 Start-ups Endorsed by Charlie Cameron and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Steven’s colleagues at Activate Networks, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 71 endorsements for Strategy 71 Strategy Endorsed by Charlie Cameron and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Steven’s colleagues at Activate Networks, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Product Marketing See 58 endorsements for Product Marketing 58 Product Marketing Endorsed by Matt Hall, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Steven’s colleagues at Activate Networks, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (24) Given (34) Natasha P. Extremely supremely organized Assistant October 25, 2011, Natasha reported directly to Steven Steve Wardell was one of my supervisor's at I.C. Sciences Corporation. It was a pleasure to work with Steve - he was an excellent supervisor, communicator, and mentor. With regard to managing direct reports and day-to-day work-flow, Steve's analytical capabilities and immense intellect shine through in his ability to quickly glean the skill-set best suited to accomplishing the task at hand.Steve is an expert at inspiring a shared vision, but he is also exceptionally talented at enabling others to contribute their best. What I most appreciated about Steve's management style was the effectiveness of his project delegation methods. Not only would Steve take the time to give a thorough over-view of the details, challenges and possible road-blocks ahead, but he would then also allow for full autonomy to research, explore alternatives, and provide solutions within the project timeline. Under Steve's supervision, I was able to offer strategic contributions and professionally develop at a high - and highly rewarding - level.Steve thoroughly understands the importance of communication with regard to laying a foundation prior to launching new initiatives. This understanding is crucial to efficient work-flow from an administrative point of view. Steve's management style is perfectly suited to achieving success on many levels - and most importantly, it allows for a streamlined efficiency that is crucial in the high-demand workflow characteristic of start-ups and other fast-paced environments. Paul Wicks Vice President of Innovation at PatientsLikeMe December 11, 2009, Paul worked with Steven but at different companies Steve is one of the super-connector nodes for healthcare in Boston and the US in general. He is able to pull together a diverse roster of heavy-hitters from academia, industry, and government from a (presumably online) Rolodex of healthcare executives who are equally impressed with his diplomacy and attention to detail. I've had the privilege of attending a number of events that Steve has organized, which have been some of the most memorable occasions of my time in the US. He also makes a mean Belgian waffle. View 22 more recommendations View 22 more recommendations recommendations John Hallock Vice President, External Communications & Media Relations - Change Healthcare May 10, 2016, Steven worked with John but at different companies John is the top healthcare-IT Corporate Communications professional in the US. He gets more earned media for his companies than anyone else and he has great instincts in a crisis. He's got the Healthcare IT scene down cold. Lora Kratchounova Principal, Scratch Marketing + Media, Instructor, Mentor December 17, 2013, Steven worked with Lora in different groups When Activate Networks has a really challenging marketing problem, we give it to Lora and Scratch. Crafting messaging for a new-category product that does different things for different markets. Giving our graphics capabilities an upgrade. Giving our website a long-needed re-fresh. Creating first-in-the-industry infographics to explain complex topics. Handling the PR for a major proprietary conference or product launch, and for when the New York Times finally calls. View 32 more recommendations View 32 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Steven has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Wardell, The Digital Health Landscape 2017 Wardell, The Future of Healthcare IT and Digital Health 2016 Wardell, The Future of Digital Health 2014 Steven has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Equity Research Analyst Certifications: Series 7, 63, 86, 87 Interests InnovationRx 11 followers B2B Marketer 6,851 members Taxpayers for Wilson 4 followers Xconomy 905 followers Harvard University 492,945 followers StartUp Health 5,356 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Quail Vice President at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs University of Melbourne Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research Analyst - Precious Metals Associate Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location melbourne, australia Equity Research Analyst - Resources Senior Accountant Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Melbourne, Australia Education University of Melbourne Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Scotch College Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 25 endorsements for Equity Research 25 Equity Research Endorsed by Anthony Longo and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Andrew’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 13 endorsements for Equities 13 Equities Endorsed by David H. Loeb and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Andrew’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 12 endorsements for Financial Modeling 12 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Andrew Gibson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Andrew’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Newcrest Mining 73,890 followers IAMGOLD Corporation 28,515 followers Alcoa 151,944 followers University of Melbourne 226,946 followers Seeking Alpha 50,286 followers Australian Football League 25,035 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chetan has a account Chetan (Chandrakant) Bondarde Equity Research Analyst at Globeflex Research India Pvt Ltd Globeflex Research India Pvt Ltd Thakur Institure of Management Studies & Research, Mumbai Pune, Maharashtra, India 180 180 connections Send InMail Experienced Equity Research Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Skilled in Equity Research, DCF Valuation, Financial Modeling, Microsoft Excel, and Business Development. Strong research professional with a Master's degree focused in Finance from Thakur Institure of Management Studies & Research, Mumbai. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Globeflex Research India Pvt Ltd Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Pune Area, India • Tracking portfolio of companies in industrial sector, specifically construction & engineering.• Building complex valuation model for new companies based on DCF, Economic Margin, Economic Value Added, Cash Flow Return on Investment and Relative Valuation etc.• Analyzing company’s financial statements, business model, cash flow generation and industry research as well as interpret company & industry information from variety of data sources while building/updating valuation model.• Keeping track of weekly news releases of the companies in the portfolio and incorporating the impact of major corporate actions or events like M&A, share buybacks, divestment etc.• Writing reports on the updated valuation model of the companies for every earning releases and major corporate events as well as monthly presentation on the portfolio and the sector performances. Graduate Trainee Engineer Company Name Seamarc Welding Products Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos After completing engineering I worked with Seamarc Welding Products, Nasik as quality supervisor and was responsible for quality management of spot welding machine gun and its parts. Education Thakur Institure of Management Studies & Research, Mumbai Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Finance, General Grade First Class Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 K.K.Wagh Education Societys College of Engineering, Hirabai Haribai Vidyanagari, Panchavati, Nashik 422003 Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Grade First Class Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 2 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 2 Microsoft Excel Rajiv Kanekal and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 2 endorsements for Equity Research 2 Equity Research Rajiv Kanekal and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 2 endorsements for Financial Analysis 2 Financial Analysis Rajiv Kanekal and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chetan has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Marathi Chetan has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certificate in Alternative Investment Industry Financial Modeling Interests K.K.Wagh Education Societys College of Engineering, Hirabai Haribai Vidyanagari, Panchavati, Nashik 422003 1,661 followers CRISIL Limited 36,863 followers Purnartha SEBI Registered Equity Investment Advisor 51 followers Maxim Research Private Limited 45 followers K.K.Wagh Education Societys College of Engineering, Hirabai Haribai Vidyanagari, Panchavati, Nashik 422003 1,332 followers ValueAdd 101 followers See all See all following
More Actions Raymond has a account Raymond Cheng Managing Director, Equity Research BOCOM International NYU Stern School of Business Hong Kong 209 209 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director, Head of Equity Research Company Name BOCOM International Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location HK Manage a team of 34 research and production professionals across the HK and mainland offices.Develop thematic and daily equity research ideas, and elevate the marketability of the team analysts.Manage the top BOCOM research idea portfolio, of which return has notably outperformed the benchmark YTD. Head of HK Equity Research Company Name BOCI Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Senior Portfolio Manager Company Name Mirae Asset Investment Management Dates Employed 2006 – 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Senior Portfolio Manager Company Name Mirae Asset Global Investments (HK) Ltd. Dates Employed 2006 – 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Senior Associate Company Name PwC Dates Employed 1996 – 1999 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 University of Toronto - University of Trinity College Degree Name BCom Field Of Study Economics & Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Valuation See 6 endorsements for Equity Valuation 6 Equity Valuation Jennie Lee and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 5 endorsements for Equity Research 5 Equity Research Jennie Lee and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 5 endorsements for Bloomberg 5 Bloomberg Patrick Lee and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Toronto - University of Trinity College 6,234 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,949 followers University of Toronto - University of Trinity College 6,653 followers NYU Stern School of Business 100,903 followers BOCOM International 1,801 followers
More Actions Ibrahim has a account Ibrahim Mohd Issa -- Nigeria 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Steven has a account Steven Wardell Cover digital health stocks for Wall Street, host digital health investor salons Chardan Capital Markets LLC Harvard Business School Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity research analyst covering digital health stocks for Wall Street at Chardan Capital Markets. Host of digital health investor salons. Author of The Future of Digital Health and the Digital Health Landscape. Four-time entrepreneurial executive in digital health and biotech, selling software into the healthcare provider, payer, and pharma budgets; backed by New Enterprise Associates, New Leaf, Flybridge, and Excel. Founder of Health 2.0 Boston. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Steven’s Activity 3,909 followers Thanks Thinking Heads for the opportunity to be a featured author in this month's edition of Global Trends. http://goo.gl/lqKDZx #impactinvesting Steven liked Outcome Health gets $500 million for patient education, activation tablets Steven liked See all activity Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst, Healthcare IT and Digital Health Company Name Chardan Capital Markets LLC Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater Boston Area Host Company Name Digital Health Investor Salons Dates Employed 2004 – Present Employment Duration 13 yrs Location National Convene the digital health community through hosting digital health salons in San Francisco, New York, Boston, and Chicago and at HIMSS and the Consumer Electronics Show. Bring together key stakeholders of digital health including entrepreneurs, consolidators, venture investors, growth investors, and asset managers. Hosted over 150 events in size from 8 to 700 people. Guests include Ray Kurzweil of Google, Jonathan Bush of athenahealth, John Abele of Boston Scientific, and Bob Higgins of Highland Capital Partners. Senior Equity Research Analyst, Digital Health Company Name Leerink Partners LLC Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Boston, MA Pioneered coverage of public companies in the digital health sector for leading buyside investors. Built leading digital health research franchise on Wall Street. Combines unequaled sources and executive experience in industry. Produced first and largest investor tour of digital health companies of Silicon Valley. Developed widely-used Digital Health Landscape with proprietary view of sector. Published first Digital Health stock index. Published leading industry white paper, The Future of Healthcare IT and Digital Health. Built industry and investor relationships. Educated investors about this high-potential sector.Coverage includes: Castlight (CSLT), Everyday Health (EVDY), Fitbit (FIT), HealthEquity (HQY), Imprivata (IMPR), IMS Health (IMS), Medidata (MDSO), Nuance (NUAN), Press Ganey (PGND), Teladoc (TDOC), WebMD (WBMD), Veeva (VEEV), WageWorks (WAGE). Media (3) This position has 3 media Wardell's Digital Health Landscape Wardell's Digital Health Landscape This media is an image Video: Wardell speaking at Health 2.0, Investing in Consumer Health Video: Wardell speaking at Health 2.0, Investing in Consumer Health This media is a video The Future of HCIT & Digital Health, Wardell and Larsen 2016 The Future of HCIT & Digital Health, Wardell and Larsen 2016 This media is a document Vice President, Marketing Company Name Activate Networks, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Newton, MA Big-data digital health company. Develops novel commercial analytics, sells analytic products to 9 out 10 of the largest pharmaceutical companies. Member of the Management Committee. Employee 8 and member of founding management team. Raised $16m in rounds led by Excel Ventures (Juan Enriquez). Exit in sale to Decision Resources Group.Roles include demand generation, sales support, product marketing, marketing communications & PR, corporate marketing (including branding, awareness, evangelism, and thought leadership), investor marketing, marketing automation, marketing operations, channel management, budgeting / forecasting, and business development.Produced large annual customer conference, the Connected Insight Summit, 2012-14. Tripled attendance, sold out conference, and recruited world's leading experts as speakers. Media (2) This position has 2 media Video: Steve Wardell Interview at HealthIT Insight Summit 2012 Video: Steve Wardell Interview at HealthIT Insight Summit 2012 This media is a video Activate Networks Overview 2012 Activate Networks Overview 2012 This media is a document Senior Director, Business Development Company Name PatientKeeper Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Watertown, MA Served as the senior business development officer of this leading digital health company and member of its Operating Committee. PatientKeeper is the leading developer of workflow automation and mobility enterprise software in the Electronic Health Record (EHR) sector. Raised $15m in rounds led by Flybridge (Chip Hazard); Exit in sale to Hospital Corporation of America (HCA).• Marketing - led product development, product marketing, and sales enablement through our sales channel partners.• Business development - sourced and managed sales-channel, product-development, and technology partnerships.• Sold out the sponsorship inventory of the annual PatientKeeper User Group Summit. See more positions Education Harvard Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study General Management Activities and Societies: Studied under leading marketing authority Prof. John Deighton. Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name e-Lab Field Of Study Entrepreneurship, Technology Activities and Societies: MIT Entrepreneurship Lab 2000; joined Sonexis (eYak), my e-Lab company, as Senior Manager of Strategic Development University of Cambridge Degree Name MPhil Field Of Study Economics/Finance See more education Volunteer Experience Board Member, Healthcare Alumni Association Company Name Harvard Business School Dates volunteered Sep 2002 – Sep 2014 Volunteer duration 12 yrs 1 mo Cause Health Volunteer for HBS Healthcare Alumni Association, elected to the board in 2008. As a volunteer I co-produce the annual HBS Health Conference, and host other healthcare and life science events throughout the year for the Association's Roundtable series. Founding Family Company Name Birches Elementary School Dates volunteered Jan 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 5 yrs 6 mos Cause Education Founding parent of Birches Elementary School, a nature-based, mindful, elementary school with a STEAM (science, technology, engineering, arts, and mathematics) curriculum. Volunteer producer, TEDxBerkshires Company Name TED Conferences Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Jan 2010 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Arts and Culture Featured Skills & Endorsements Start-ups See 72 endorsements for Start-ups 72 Start-ups Endorsed by Charlie Cameron and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Steven’s colleagues at Activate Networks, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 71 endorsements for Strategy 71 Strategy Endorsed by Charlie Cameron and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Steven’s colleagues at Activate Networks, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Product Marketing See 58 endorsements for Product Marketing 58 Product Marketing Endorsed by Matt Hall, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Steven’s colleagues at Activate Networks, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (24) Given (34) Natasha P. Extremely supremely organized Assistant October 25, 2011, Natasha reported directly to Steven Steve Wardell was one of my supervisor's at I.C. Sciences Corporation. It was a pleasure to work with Steve - he was an excellent supervisor, communicator, and mentor. With regard to managing direct reports and day-to-day work-flow, Steve's analytical capabilities and immense intellect shine through in his ability to quickly glean the skill-set best suited to accomplishing the task at hand.Steve is an expert at inspiring a shared vision, but he is also exceptionally talented at enabling others to contribute their best. What I most appreciated about Steve's management style was the effectiveness of his project delegation methods. Not only would Steve take the time to give a thorough over-view of the details, challenges and possible road-blocks ahead, but he would then also allow for full autonomy to research, explore alternatives, and provide solutions within the project timeline. Under Steve's supervision, I was able to offer strategic contributions and professionally develop at a high - and highly rewarding - level.Steve thoroughly understands the importance of communication with regard to laying a foundation prior to launching new initiatives. This understanding is crucial to efficient work-flow from an administrative point of view. Steve's management style is perfectly suited to achieving success on many levels - and most importantly, it allows for a streamlined efficiency that is crucial in the high-demand workflow characteristic of start-ups and other fast-paced environments. Paul Wicks Vice President of Innovation at PatientsLikeMe December 11, 2009, Paul worked with Steven but at different companies Steve is one of the super-connector nodes for healthcare in Boston and the US in general. He is able to pull together a diverse roster of heavy-hitters from academia, industry, and government from a (presumably online) Rolodex of healthcare executives who are equally impressed with his diplomacy and attention to detail. I've had the privilege of attending a number of events that Steve has organized, which have been some of the most memorable occasions of my time in the US. He also makes a mean Belgian waffle. View 22 more recommendations View 22 more recommendations recommendations John Hallock Vice President, External Communications & Media Relations - Change Healthcare May 10, 2016, Steven worked with John but at different companies John is the top healthcare-IT Corporate Communications professional in the US. He gets more earned media for his companies than anyone else and he has great instincts in a crisis. He's got the Healthcare IT scene down cold. Lora Kratchounova Principal, Scratch Marketing + Media, Instructor, Mentor December 17, 2013, Steven worked with Lora in different groups When Activate Networks has a really challenging marketing problem, we give it to Lora and Scratch. Crafting messaging for a new-category product that does different things for different markets. Giving our graphics capabilities an upgrade. Giving our website a long-needed re-fresh. Creating first-in-the-industry infographics to explain complex topics. Handling the PR for a major proprietary conference or product launch, and for when the New York Times finally calls. View 32 more recommendations View 32 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Steven has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Wardell, The Digital Health Landscape 2017 Wardell, The Future of Healthcare IT and Digital Health 2016 Wardell, The Future of Digital Health 2014 Steven has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Equity Research Analyst Certifications: Series 7, 63, 86, 87 Interests FENG Boston Chapter - Financial Executives Networking Group 935 members Predilytics, A Welltok Company 512 followers Mass Technology Leadership Council (MassTLC) 2,559 members endevis Recruiting | Retention 4,109 followers Health 2.0 Boston 158 members Hadapt (acquired by Teradata) 1,972 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Quail Vice President at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs University of Melbourne Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research Analyst - Precious Metals Associate Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location melbourne, australia Equity Research Analyst - Resources Senior Accountant Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Melbourne, Australia Education University of Melbourne Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Scotch College Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 25 endorsements for Equity Research 25 Equity Research Endorsed by Anthony Longo and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Andrew’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 13 endorsements for Equities 13 Equities Endorsed by David H. Loeb and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Andrew’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 12 endorsements for Financial Modeling 12 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Andrew Gibson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Andrew’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests KPMG Australia 57,565 followers BHP 278,050 followers Kinross Gold Corporation 96,758 followers University of Melbourne 226,946 followers Seeking Alpha 50,286 followers Victoria Racing Club 8,415 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ravi has a account Ravi Misra Equity Research Associate Analyst - Vice President at Leerink Partners LLC Leerink Partners LLC Fordham Gabelli School of Business New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am a fundamental analyst with a passion for finding value in healthcare equities, with a deep understanding of the regulatory environment in the US, and following the development of care delivery in the emerging growth markets in Asia. Specialties: fluent in Hindi, written communication and financial modeling, with global work experience. Level II CFA candidate, Licenses: 7, 63, 86, 87. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Associate Analyst - Vice President Company Name Leerink Partners LLC Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location NYC Equity Research Associate Analyst Company Name Leerink Partners Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location NYC Cover Orthopedic, Diversified Supplies, Robotics and Aesthetic Laser companies within Medical Technology. We conduct physician diligence via surveys and interviews, and analysis on trends in our sector. This helps us hone our company and industry market models, and deliver written thought pieces and research to provide timely stock recommendations for our investment clientele. Equity Research Associate Analyst Company Name BMO Capital Markets Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location NYC Research focus in Medical Devices & Technology with coverage of 19 companies ranging from <$100m to $10b+ market capitalization. Built and maintained financial, market, and valuation models, and wrote and presented both company-specific and top-down industry surveys and reports to salesforce and investors. Attended industry conferences and analyst events in order to develop investment theses, and build relationships with senior company management. Accounts Director TWSTEvent Company Name The Wall Street Transcript / MeetMax Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Strategy Research (Mumbai, India) Company Name Nishith Desai Associates Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Jul 2004 Employment Duration 5 mos conducted research projects and delivered strategy outlook on various industries in the Indian corporate market Education Fordham Gabelli School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Accounting & Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: President, Student Advisory Council; Winner, 8th Annual NYSSA CFA Investment Research Challenge, 2010; MBA Consulting Program -- Argington Modern Children's Furniture Summer 2009 University of Chicago Degree Name AB Field Of Study English Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Viewpoints Editor The Chicago Maroon Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 40 endorsements for Financial Modeling 40 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Mike Ng and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ravi’s colleagues at BMO Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 21 endorsements for Financial Analysis 21 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Bhawani " Brian" Singh and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ravi’s colleagues at BMO Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 19 endorsements for Equity Research 19 Equity Research Endorsed by Mike Ng, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ravi’s colleagues at BMO Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Thomas Messineo, MBA, CPA, CFE Forensic Accountant January 26, 2011, Ravi and Thomas were students together Tom and I were part of the Fordham team that won the NYSSA investment research challenge in 2010. Tom's leadership traits as captain of the team were instrumental in ensuring that our deadlines were met, with his organizational abilities and his serious, but light-hearted personality was integral to our success. Accomplishments Ravi has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Hindi Interests kgb 11,874 followers Leerink Partners LLC 5,152 followers Fordham Gabelli School of Business 20,108 followers Fordham Gabelli School of Business 19,418 followers Healthcare Investment Professionals 6,355 members Fordham Gabelli School of Business Alumni 7,128 members See all See all following
More Actions Robert has a account Robert Gutman Director at Guggenheim Partners Guggenheim Partners London Business School Greater New York City Area 427 427 connections Send InMail . Highlights Experience Director, Equity Research Company Name Guggenheim Partners Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Communications Infrastructure and Telecom Services Equity Research Director, Equity Research Company Name Evercore ISI Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Telecom Equity Research Equity Research Analyst Company Name Robotti & Co. Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Portfolio Manager Company Name Laterman & Co / Private Wealth Management Dates Employed 2004 – 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs Analyst Company Name Kellner Dileo & Co. Dates Employed 2003 – 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr See more positions Education London Business School Degree Name MA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Dartmouth College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 19 endorsements for Equity Research 19 Equity Research Endorsed by Eugene Koysman, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 15 endorsements for Valuation 15 Valuation Endorsed by Eugene Koysman, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 14 endorsements for Equities 14 Equities Endorsed by Laurence Curtis Ward and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Robert has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Loomis, Sayles & Company 4,911 followers Janus Henderson U.S. 17,652 followers Special Situations & Distressed Investing 17,698 members Eaton Vance 13,018 followers First Trust 5,531 followers Guggenheim Partners 25,216 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jason has a account Jason Zhang, CFA Research Analyst, Cormark Securities Inc. Cormark Securities University of Alberta Calgary, Canada Area 235 235 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Research Analyst Company Name Cormark Securities Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Senior Analyst, Finance Company Name Black Diamond Group Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Research Associate Company Name BMO Capital Markets Dates Employed May 2007 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Summer Analyst Company Name Alberta Investment Management Corporation (AIMCo) Dates Employed May 2006 – Sep 2006 Employment Duration 5 mos Education University of Alberta Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce, with Distinction Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 9 endorsements for Financial Modeling 9 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Graham Cooke, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jason’s colleagues at Cormark Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 6 endorsements for Valuation 6 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Jason’s colleagues at Black Diamond Group Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 5 endorsements for Financial Analysis 5 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Graham Cooke, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jason’s colleagues at Black Diamond Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Alberta 160,388 followers Black Diamond Group 3,852 followers BMO Capital Markets 32,326 followers Cormark Securities 794 followers University of Alberta 170,703 followers
More Actions JungHa has a account 3rd degree connection3rd JungHa Yi MBA Candidate, Class of 2017 at The Wharton School Wellington Management The Wharton School Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience MBA Intern - Equity Research Analyst Company Name Wellington Management Dates Employed May 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Boston Area MBA Intern - Investment Associate Company Name Permira Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Seoul, Korea Senior Associate Company Name HAO Capital Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Beijing City, China Associate Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed May 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Beijing City, China Analyst Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed Jul 2009 – May 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Singapore See more positions Education The Wharton School Degree Name Master of Business Administration - MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 University of Pennsylvania - The Lauder Institute Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study International Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Peking University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Finance, Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 15 endorsements for Financial Modeling 15 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of JungHa’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Endorsed by 7 people who know Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 8 endorsements for Valuation 8 Valuation Alex Chu and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 6 endorsements for Investment Banking 6 Investment Banking Alex Chu and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments JungHa has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Korean Interests 北京大学 127,493 followers University of Pennsylvania - The Lauder Institute 1,476 followers Fosun Group 27,777 followers 100 Women in Finance 9,191 members Fidelity Investments 311,706 followers China Venture Capital & Private Equity Club | 大中華私募與創投協會 19,051 members See all See all following
More Actions Nick has a account Nick Barry Investment Banking Summer Analyst at Moelis & Company Moelis & Company University of Iowa - Henry B. Tippie College of Business Iowa City, Iowa 283 283 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Investment Banking Summer Analyst Company Name Moelis & Company Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Los Angeles, California Teaching Assistant Company Name University of Iowa - Henry B. Tippie College of Business Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Iowa City, Iowa Area Introductory Financial Management (FIN:3000)Corporate Financial Reporting (MBA:8140) Financial Analyst Intern Company Name HNI Corporation Dates Employed May 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Muscatine, Iowa Corporate Finance & Investor Relations Equity Research Analyst Company Name Krause Fund Dates Employed Jan 2016 – May 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Iowa City, Iowa Consumer Discretionary: Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) Intern Company Name First Whitney Bank & Trust Dates Employed May 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Atlantic, Iowa Education University of Iowa - Henry B. Tippie College of Business Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance Grade 4.21 Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2018 Activities and Societies: Hawkinson Institute of Business Finance, Financial Management Association, HawkTrade, Olympic Weightlifting Club, Direct Admit Peer Mentor Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 17 endorsements for Finance 17 Finance Ethan Eiler and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 14 endorsements for Financial Analysis 14 Financial Analysis Ethan Eiler and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 14 endorsements for Financial Modeling 14 Financial Modeling Ethan Eiler and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nick has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Tippie Scholar Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society Tippie 21 Under 21 University of Iowa Dean's List University of Iowa Honors Program University of Iowa President's List Nick has 5 organizations 5 Expand organizations section Organizations Financial Management Association International Buddies HawkTrade Olympic Weightlifting Club Tippie College of Business Interests University of Iowa 152,350 followers University of Iowa 157,220 followers Moelis & Company 15,120 followers HNI Corporation 5,466 followers SpaceX 280,757 followers University of Iowa Tippie College of Business 20,809 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ravi has a account Ravi Shankar Research Analyst at Credit Suisse Credit Suisse Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Ravi’s Activity 1,006 followers May this remind the "get rich quick" syndrome stricken entrepreneurs that it takes 20 years and 2-3 near death experiences to create something meaningful. Via The Economist Share, like, comment. DO NOT COPY Ravi liked a comment See all activity Experience Associate Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Lead coverage of the metals & mining sector (stocks with ~US$100bn of market cap) Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Equity Research at the India Equity Strategy Desk Associate Vice President Company Name Kotak Mahindra Bank Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Managed portfolios of Ultra HNI individuals (Assets under advice totaling ~INR 1,000 Cr.) across fixed income and equity instruments Deputy Manager Company Name Feedback Ventures Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Worked as a consultant on assignments pertaining to growth/entry strategy for some of India's leading construction companies and world's largest construction equipment manufacturers; Independently handled primary/secondary research, data analysis and output generation for modules on power sector - hydro, thermal & nuclear. Summer Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 3 mos FX E-trading & International Prime Brokerage at London See more positions Education Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad Degree Name PGDM Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Member of Beta, Finance Club at IIMA & Media Coordinator, Confluence 2006, IIMA's annual international management summit CFA Institute, USA Degree Name CFA Level 3 Qualified Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 International Institute of Information Technology, Hyderabad Degree Name B.Tech (CSE) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Research Assistant (2004-05); Teaching Assistant (Computer Programming, Fall 2005 and Data Structures & Algorithms, Spring 2006) Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 23 endorsements for Financial Modeling 23 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Himanshu Sharma and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Ravi’s colleagues at Feedback INFRA Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 17 endorsements for Valuation 17 Valuation Endorsed by Chunky Shah, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ravi’s colleagues at Feedback INFRA Click and drag to reorder skills Fixed Income See 9 endorsements for Fixed Income 9 Fixed Income Raheel Shah and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Chunky Shah Analyst at Credit Suisse August 16, 2014, Chunky worked with Ravi in the same group Chunky is a very diligent, analytical and detail-oriented co-worker. He is very prompt in helping out his colleague given 1) his wide sectoral coverage spanning (at one point in time) four sectors and 2) his CA background (unlike most of the rest with the typical engineering + MBA profile). What really differentiates him from others, is his "Can-Do-Approach". Despite having multiple responsibilities, he is always very positive and forthcoming. He always takes the additional pain to go that "extra mile" and is a dream resource for any manager. Given the crazy working hours (at times), it is always a pleasure to have Chunky as a cheerful team mate, spreading his positive energy all around, while churning out insightful company notes for CS's clients. Accomplishments Interests International Institute of Information Technology 10,692 followers Hedge Fund, Private Equity & Alternative Investments Portfolio Manager Group 2,123 members International Institute of Information Technology 10,418 followers IAIP (CFA Societyof India) - Membership Support forum 6,032 members IIMNET.COM 10,137 members Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad 46,454 followers See all See all following
More Actions Aurelien has a account Aurelien Nicolas Head of M&A - Chile - Peru - Argentina at BNP Paribas BNP Paribas INSEAD New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Aurelien’s Activity 971 followers Amazing autumn view of our icon winery at Errazuriz Wines Aurelien liked See all activity Experience Head of M&A - Chile - Peru - Argentina Company Name BNP Paribas Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Director Company Name BNP Paribas Argentina Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Vice President Company Name BNP Paribas Chile Dates Employed Jul 2002 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Equity Research Analyst Company Name Exane BNP Paribas Dates Employed Jul 1998 – Jun 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location France Education INSEAD Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Universidad Adolfo Ibáñez Degree Name Diplomado Field Of Study Historia Universal Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name Visiting student Field Of Study MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Finance See 21 endorsements for Corporate Finance 21 Corporate Finance Endorsed by Manuel Irarrazaval and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Aurelien’s colleagues at BNP Paribas Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 20 endorsements for Investment Banking 20 Investment Banking Endorsed by Clio Crespy and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Aurelien’s colleagues at BNP Paribas Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 11 endorsements for Capital Markets 11 Capital Markets Endorsed by Marcelo Delmar and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Aurelien’s colleagues at BNP Paribas Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Universidad de Talca 18,040 followers INSEAD 217,916 followers Montpellier Business School 18,964 followers The Wharton School 185,681 followers BNP Paribas 366,046 followers INSEAD 175,811 followers See all See all following
More Actions Morgan has a account Morgan Ralph, CFA Vice President at State Street State Street Bank & Trust New York University Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name State Street Bank & Trust Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Boston Area - Head of NA Business Development, Innovation Products- Manage the business development and new product innovation effort behind GX Investable Indices- Investable Indices business develops, validates and licenses quantitative, rules-based investment strategies that integrate academic theory with unique data sets- Manage negotiations for distribution partnerships, licensees and other opportunistic strategic partnerships- Host and/or presenter at State Street and client events including conferences, research forums, conference calls and various forms of multimedia- Facilitate the launch of new indices, indicators and tools as they grow from incubation to commercialization Equity Research Analyst Company Name FINARC Investment Management Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Greater Boston Area - Fundamental Equity Research Analyst responsible for Energy, Utilities and Materials sectors- Identified, analyzed and recommended new investment ideas to Investment Committee leveraging valuation models and company and industry reports- Oversaw portfolio holdings within sector coverage, composed monthly research reports and made updates to firm financial models to discuss and reflect any material changes with portfolio managers Associate - Institutional Equities Company Name Brown Brothers Harriman Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location New York, NY - Responsible for primary client coverage of institutional asset managers and asset owners in the New York, Mid-West, and Mid-Atlantic regions- Revenue growth of +20% year on year- Actively cross-sold BBH Markets product suite, e.g. Global Fixed Income execution, FX trading & research Analyst - Capital Advisory Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY - Natural Resources analyst focused on originating and evaluating investment banking, advisory and principal investment opportunities- Performed pro-forma financial statement analysis to determine preliminary revenue growth and profitability potential for the most attractive companies and transactional opportunities- Participated in and hosted conference calls and meetings with senior executives of operating companies to better understand their business model, growth story and revenue/profitability- Actively co-managed the Corporate Finance Solutions Network, a platform of formal relationships with a set of middle-market investment bank partners for referral opportunities Global Fixed Income Portfolio Management Company Name Lazard Asset Management Dates Employed May 2006 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 8 mos Location New York, NY - Global Fixed Income Portfolio Management team with +$2bn in AUM- Assisted with investment due diligence, foreign exchange risk reporting and daily trade activity- Monitored competing funds' performance and developed daily market updates for PM Education New York University Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Pi Kappa Alpha Fraternity Berkshire School Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Volunteer Experience Academic Volunteer Company Name SquashBusters Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Sep 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Sports-based after-school program that provides access & coaching for the sport of squash, in combination with academic enrichment, community service, school counseling and placement, and summer opportunities for underprivileged children Skills Chartered Financial Analyst Chartered Financial Analyst Click and drag to reorder skills Series 7 Series 7 Click and drag to reorder skills Series 66 Series 66 Click and drag to reorder skills Equities Equities Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Morgan has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications CFA Series 63 Series 7 Morgan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Morgan has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization The Boston Security Analysts Society Interests State Street 152,746 followers New York University 434,832 followers Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) Professional Network 16,402 members New York University 465,705 followers
More Actions Manav has a account Manav Gupta Integrated Oil Analyst Areté Investment Rice Business - Jones Graduate School of Business Houston, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Series 7: General Securities Representative Series 63: Securities Agent Series 86: Registered Research Analyst -1 Series 87: Registered Research Analyst- 2 Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Areté Investment Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Austin, Texas Area Integrated Oil Analyst Company Name Citadel LLC Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Houston, Texas Area Vice President Research- Integrated Oil and Gas Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Coverage: XOM, CVX, COP, PXD, PSX, VLO, MPC, TSO, HFC, PBF, WNR, NTI,DK, ALJ Senior Equity Research Associate- Refiners and Super Majors Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed May 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Coverage: XOM, CVX, PSX, VLO, MPC, TSO, HFC, PBF, WNR, DK, ALJ Equity Research Associate- Chemicals Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Houston, Texas Area See more positions Education Rice Business - Jones Graduate School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Dual Major: Finance and Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 46 endorsements for Valuation 46 Valuation Endorsed by Renee Bijlani, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Manav’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 40 endorsements for Financial Modeling 40 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Anto Savarirajan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Manav’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 25 endorsements for Equity Research 25 Equity Research Endorsed by Anto Savarirajan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Manav’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Citadel LLC 43,099 followers Areté Investment Consulting 5 followers Morgan Stanley 590,767 followers Global Equity Research 14,441 members Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Rice University 57,593 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alexia has a account Alexia Sadun Levine Brand Manager at Unilever Unilever Columbia Business School New York, New York 373 373 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Brand Manager, Knorr Company Name Unilever Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Englewood Cliffs, NJ - Associate Brand Manager, Knorr Company Name Unilever Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Englewood Cliffs, NJ Led key go-to-market activities for Knorr Sides portfolio including: managing brand budget, forecasting performance and demand, market share and sales reporting and analysis, and customer relationship management. Responsible for in-market activation activity for Knorr Sides including media planning, social, digital, FSIs, shopper marketing, and in-store visibility. Associate Brand Manager Company Name Unilever Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Englewood Cliffs, NJ Associate Brand Development Manager for Unilever's Global Multicultural Hair PortfolioLed cross-functional innovation team consisting of Research & Development, Supply Chain, Packaging Development and Artwork Excellence to re-launch Motions brand in North America and Africa, harmonizing global mix and communication strategyResponsibilities included: concept and claims development, briefing creative agencies on advertising and communication strategy, volume forecasting, project timeline management, merchandising strategy, customer sell-in and team budget oversight. MBA Intern, Development Company Name Whitney Museum of American Art Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos - Designed prototypes for Whitney Museum's new corporate membership program based on financial forecasting, price modeling, customer interviews and industry research- Created marketing plan to implement soft launch of new corporate membership program Brand Management Intern, St. Ives Masterbrand Company Name Unilever Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Englewood Cliffs, NJ - Developed the 2013 in-store promotional strategy for St. Ives Masterbrand at Target, CVS and Kroger; provided recommendations to earn $9MM incremental revenue in first year of implementation- Analyzed consumer insights, conducted category research and managed cross-functional partners including: Nielsen, media buying agency, shopper marketing and CMI to obtain necessary data points and generate buy-in See more positions Education Columbia Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Activities and Societies: VP Professional Development / Corporate Relations, Columbia Women in Business Club (CWIB); VP of Careers & Education, Media Management Association; Nonprofit Board Leadership Program Academic Awards: Graduated with Dean's Honors Brandeis University Degree Name B.A Field Of Study International Relations Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Delta Phi Epsilon, College Boxes, Orientation Leader Magna Cum Laude. Major: International Relations. Minors: Business, Politics and Legal StudiesAwards: Phi Beta Kappa, Brandeis Scholar, Award for Excellence in Business Studies Phillips Exeter Academy Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Economics See 3 endorsements for Economics 3 Economics Zachary Brown and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 1 endorsement for Investments 1 Investments Louise Levine has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 1 endorsement for Financial Modeling 1 Financial Modeling Louise Levine has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alexia has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Italian Interests Brandeis University 45,993 followers Brandeis University 42,850 followers Columbia Business School Class of 2013 750 members Columbia Business School 74,054 followers Columbia Business School 83,293 followers Unilever 2,495,363 followers
More Actions Aurelien has a account Aurelien Nicolas Head of M&A - Chile - Peru - Argentina at BNP Paribas BNP Paribas INSEAD New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Aurelien’s Activity 971 followers Amazing autumn view of our icon winery at Errazuriz Wines Aurelien liked See all activity Experience Head of M&A - Chile - Peru - Argentina Company Name BNP Paribas Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Director Company Name BNP Paribas Argentina Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Vice President Company Name BNP Paribas Chile Dates Employed Jul 2002 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Equity Research Analyst Company Name Exane BNP Paribas Dates Employed Jul 1998 – Jun 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location France Education INSEAD Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Universidad Adolfo Ibáñez Degree Name Diplomado Field Of Study Historia Universal Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name Visiting student Field Of Study MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Finance See 21 endorsements for Corporate Finance 21 Corporate Finance Endorsed by Manuel Irarrazaval and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Aurelien’s colleagues at BNP Paribas Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 20 endorsements for Investment Banking 20 Investment Banking Endorsed by Clio Crespy and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Aurelien’s colleagues at BNP Paribas Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 11 endorsements for Capital Markets 11 Capital Markets Endorsed by Marcelo Delmar and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Aurelien’s colleagues at BNP Paribas Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Universidad Adolfo Ibáñez 56,597 followers INSEAD 217,916 followers The Wharton School 185,681 followers BNP Paribas 366,046 followers Montpellier Business School 18,964 followers The Wharton School 158,697 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ravi has a account Ravi Shankar Research Analyst at Credit Suisse Credit Suisse Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Ravi’s Activity 1,006 followers May this remind the "get rich quick" syndrome stricken entrepreneurs that it takes 20 years and 2-3 near death experiences to create something meaningful. Via The Economist Share, like, comment. DO NOT COPY Ravi liked a comment See all activity Experience Associate Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Lead coverage of the metals & mining sector (stocks with ~US$100bn of market cap) Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Equity Research at the India Equity Strategy Desk Associate Vice President Company Name Kotak Mahindra Bank Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Managed portfolios of Ultra HNI individuals (Assets under advice totaling ~INR 1,000 Cr.) across fixed income and equity instruments Deputy Manager Company Name Feedback Ventures Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Worked as a consultant on assignments pertaining to growth/entry strategy for some of India's leading construction companies and world's largest construction equipment manufacturers; Independently handled primary/secondary research, data analysis and output generation for modules on power sector - hydro, thermal & nuclear. Summer Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 3 mos FX E-trading & International Prime Brokerage at London See more positions Education Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad Degree Name PGDM Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Member of Beta, Finance Club at IIMA & Media Coordinator, Confluence 2006, IIMA's annual international management summit CFA Institute, USA Degree Name CFA Level 3 Qualified Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 International Institute of Information Technology, Hyderabad Degree Name B.Tech (CSE) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Research Assistant (2004-05); Teaching Assistant (Computer Programming, Fall 2005 and Data Structures & Algorithms, Spring 2006) Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 23 endorsements for Financial Modeling 23 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Himanshu Sharma and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Ravi’s colleagues at Feedback INFRA Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 17 endorsements for Valuation 17 Valuation Endorsed by Chunky Shah, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ravi’s colleagues at Feedback INFRA Click and drag to reorder skills Fixed Income See 9 endorsements for Fixed Income 9 Fixed Income Raheel Shah and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Chunky Shah Analyst at Credit Suisse August 16, 2014, Chunky worked with Ravi in the same group Chunky is a very diligent, analytical and detail-oriented co-worker. He is very prompt in helping out his colleague given 1) his wide sectoral coverage spanning (at one point in time) four sectors and 2) his CA background (unlike most of the rest with the typical engineering + MBA profile). What really differentiates him from others, is his "Can-Do-Approach". Despite having multiple responsibilities, he is always very positive and forthcoming. He always takes the additional pain to go that "extra mile" and is a dream resource for any manager. Given the crazy working hours (at times), it is always a pleasure to have Chunky as a cheerful team mate, spreading his positive energy all around, while churning out insightful company notes for CS's clients. Accomplishments Interests IAIP (CFA Societyof India) - Membership Support forum 6,032 members International Institute of Information Technology 10,418 followers IIMNET.COM 10,137 members Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad 54,648 followers Credit Suisse 453,194 followers Hedge Fund, Private Equity & Alternative Investments Portfolio Manager Group 2,123 members See all See all following
More Actions Manav has a account Manav Gupta Integrated Oil Analyst Areté Investment Rice Business - Jones Graduate School of Business Houston, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Series 7: General Securities Representative Series 63: Securities Agent Series 86: Registered Research Analyst -1 Series 87: Registered Research Analyst- 2 Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Areté Investment Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Austin, Texas Area Integrated Oil Analyst Company Name Citadel LLC Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Houston, Texas Area Vice President Research- Integrated Oil and Gas Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Coverage: XOM, CVX, COP, PXD, PSX, VLO, MPC, TSO, HFC, PBF, WNR, NTI,DK, ALJ Senior Equity Research Associate- Refiners and Super Majors Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed May 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Coverage: XOM, CVX, PSX, VLO, MPC, TSO, HFC, PBF, WNR, DK, ALJ Equity Research Associate- Chemicals Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Houston, Texas Area See more positions Education Rice Business - Jones Graduate School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Dual Major: Finance and Accounting Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 46 endorsements for Valuation 46 Valuation Endorsed by Renee Bijlani, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Manav’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 40 endorsements for Financial Modeling 40 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Jared Speicher, CFA, CAIA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Manav’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 25 endorsements for Equity Research 25 Equity Research Endorsed by Anto Savarirajan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Manav’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rice University 57,593 followers Citadel LLC 43,099 followers Rice Business - Jones Graduate School of Business 7,902 followers Morgan Stanley 590,767 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Global Equity Research 14,441 members See all See all following
More Actions Alexia has a account Alexia Sadun Levine Brand Manager at Unilever Unilever Columbia Business School New York, New York 373 373 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Brand Manager, Knorr Company Name Unilever Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Englewood Cliffs, NJ - Associate Brand Manager, Knorr Company Name Unilever Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Englewood Cliffs, NJ Led key go-to-market activities for Knorr Sides portfolio including: managing brand budget, forecasting performance and demand, market share and sales reporting and analysis, and customer relationship management. Responsible for in-market activation activity for Knorr Sides including media planning, social, digital, FSIs, shopper marketing, and in-store visibility. Associate Brand Manager Company Name Unilever Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Englewood Cliffs, NJ Associate Brand Development Manager for Unilever's Global Multicultural Hair PortfolioLed cross-functional innovation team consisting of Research & Development, Supply Chain, Packaging Development and Artwork Excellence to re-launch Motions brand in North America and Africa, harmonizing global mix and communication strategyResponsibilities included: concept and claims development, briefing creative agencies on advertising and communication strategy, volume forecasting, project timeline management, merchandising strategy, customer sell-in and team budget oversight. MBA Intern, Development Company Name Whitney Museum of American Art Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos - Designed prototypes for Whitney Museum's new corporate membership program based on financial forecasting, price modeling, customer interviews and industry research- Created marketing plan to implement soft launch of new corporate membership program Brand Management Intern, St. Ives Masterbrand Company Name Unilever Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Englewood Cliffs, NJ - Developed the 2013 in-store promotional strategy for St. Ives Masterbrand at Target, CVS and Kroger; provided recommendations to earn $9MM incremental revenue in first year of implementation- Analyzed consumer insights, conducted category research and managed cross-functional partners including: Nielsen, media buying agency, shopper marketing and CMI to obtain necessary data points and generate buy-in See more positions Education Columbia Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Activities and Societies: VP Professional Development / Corporate Relations, Columbia Women in Business Club (CWIB); VP of Careers & Education, Media Management Association; Nonprofit Board Leadership Program Academic Awards: Graduated with Dean's Honors Brandeis University Degree Name B.A Field Of Study International Relations Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Delta Phi Epsilon, College Boxes, Orientation Leader Magna Cum Laude. Major: International Relations. Minors: Business, Politics and Legal StudiesAwards: Phi Beta Kappa, Brandeis Scholar, Award for Excellence in Business Studies Phillips Exeter Academy Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Economics See 3 endorsements for Economics 3 Economics Zachary Brown and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 1 endorsement for Investments 1 Investments Louise Levine has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 1 endorsement for Financial Modeling 1 Financial Modeling Louise Levine has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Alexia has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Italian Interests Brandeis University 42,850 followers Columbia Business School 83,293 followers Unilever 2,495,363 followers Columbia Business School 74,054 followers Brandeis University 45,993 followers Columbia Business School Class of 2013 750 members
More Actions Morgan has a account Morgan Ralph, CFA Vice President at State Street State Street Bank & Trust New York University Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name State Street Bank & Trust Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Boston Area - Head of NA Business Development, Innovation Products- Manage the business development and new product innovation effort behind GX Investable Indices- Investable Indices business develops, validates and licenses quantitative, rules-based investment strategies that integrate academic theory with unique data sets- Manage negotiations for distribution partnerships, licensees and other opportunistic strategic partnerships- Host and/or presenter at State Street and client events including conferences, research forums, conference calls and various forms of multimedia- Facilitate the launch of new indices, indicators and tools as they grow from incubation to commercialization Equity Research Analyst Company Name FINARC Investment Management Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Greater Boston Area - Fundamental Equity Research Analyst responsible for Energy, Utilities and Materials sectors- Identified, analyzed and recommended new investment ideas to Investment Committee leveraging valuation models and company and industry reports- Oversaw portfolio holdings within sector coverage, composed monthly research reports and made updates to firm financial models to discuss and reflect any material changes with portfolio managers Associate - Institutional Equities Company Name Brown Brothers Harriman Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location New York, NY - Responsible for primary client coverage of institutional asset managers and asset owners in the New York, Mid-West, and Mid-Atlantic regions- Revenue growth of +20% year on year- Actively cross-sold BBH Markets product suite, e.g. Global Fixed Income execution, FX trading & research Analyst - Capital Advisory Company Name Lehman Brothers Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, NY - Natural Resources analyst focused on originating and evaluating investment banking, advisory and principal investment opportunities- Performed pro-forma financial statement analysis to determine preliminary revenue growth and profitability potential for the most attractive companies and transactional opportunities- Participated in and hosted conference calls and meetings with senior executives of operating companies to better understand their business model, growth story and revenue/profitability- Actively co-managed the Corporate Finance Solutions Network, a platform of formal relationships with a set of middle-market investment bank partners for referral opportunities Global Fixed Income Portfolio Management Company Name Lazard Asset Management Dates Employed May 2006 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 8 mos Location New York, NY - Global Fixed Income Portfolio Management team with +$2bn in AUM- Assisted with investment due diligence, foreign exchange risk reporting and daily trade activity- Monitored competing funds' performance and developed daily market updates for PM Education New York University Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Pi Kappa Alpha Fraternity Berkshire School Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Volunteer Experience Academic Volunteer Company Name SquashBusters Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Sep 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Sports-based after-school program that provides access & coaching for the sport of squash, in combination with academic enrichment, community service, school counseling and placement, and summer opportunities for underprivileged children Skills Chartered Financial Analyst Chartered Financial Analyst Click and drag to reorder skills Series 7 Series 7 Click and drag to reorder skills Series 66 Series 66 Click and drag to reorder skills Equities Equities Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Morgan has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications CFA Series 63 Series 7 Morgan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Morgan has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization The Boston Security Analysts Society Interests New York University 465,705 followers Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) Professional Network 16,402 members State Street 152,746 followers New York University 434,832 followers
More Actions Austin has a account Austin Nelson Fixed Income Research at AIG Asset Management AIG The Johns Hopkins University Greater New York City Area 267 267 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President Fixed Income Research - Senior Analyst Company Name AIG Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location New York, New York Health Care, Pharmaceuticals, Health Insurance, Airlines, Aircraft Leasing and EETCs Equity Research Analyst Company Name Nomura Dates Employed May 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location New York, NY Health Care Equity Research Equity Research Analyst Company Name Sterne Agee Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location new york, new york Specialty Pharmaceuticals and Generics Equity Research Associate Company Name RBC Capital Markets Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location New York, NY Fixed Income Research Company Name MetLife Investors Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Education The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study International Relations Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 5 endorsements for Equity Research 5 Equity Research Gina Laurèn Guarneri and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 4 endorsements for Bloomberg 4 Bloomberg Endorsed by Jimmy Madigan, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 2 endorsements for Equities 2 Equities Jimmy Madigan and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests TED Conferences 5,511,600 followers RBC Capital Markets 62,726 followers Fusion Staffing Partners 25,770 followers BTIG 11,714 followers Columbus Nova 705 followers FNY Capital Management 7,910 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kanishka has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Kanishka Belani Student at Goa Institute of Management HSBC Goa Institute of Management Lucknow Area, India 293 293 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name HSBC Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Bengaluru Area, India Credit Analyst Company Name CRISIL Dates Employed May 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Education Goa Institute of Management Degree Name PDBM Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee Degree Name M.Sc. Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Hans Raj College Degree Name B.Sc. Field Of Study Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 10 endorsements for Financial Modeling 10 Financial Modeling Nishita Desai and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 7 endorsements for Equity Research 7 Equity Research Shweta Pandey and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 6 endorsements for Valuation 6 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Kanishka’s colleagues at HSBC Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee 39,667 followers CRISIL Corporate Group 4,355 members Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee 37,895 followers Goa Institute of Management 5,463 followers Finance Club 1,037,799 members HSBC 1,029,047 followers See all See all following
More Actions Todd has a account Todd Remis Advisory Board Member at Independent Film Festival of Boston Independent Film Festival of Boston (IFFBoston) UCLA - School of Theater, Film and Television Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Film Financier/Producer who has recently transitioned into the independent film business from being a Senior Equity Research Analyst at various asset managers/hedge fund. After close to two decades in the investment management business and having worked at some of the largest and most preeminent global asset management firms including Fidelity Investments, Wellington Management, Warburg Pincus, and Legg Mason, as well as being a founding partner of the hedge fund Hygrove Partners, I am now utilizing my finance and investing skills, rather than to analyze companies and stocks, but to identify unique opportunities to fund and produce independent films. The first film of which I was involved is Magic Magic, which premiered at the Sundance, Cannes, and Sitges Film Festivals in 2013. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Advisory Board Member Company Name Independent Film Festival of Boston (IFFBoston) Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Executive Producer Company Name Magic Magic Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Serve as Executive Producer on Magic Magic, which was written/directed by Sebastian Silva (2009 Sundance Grand Jury Prize winner and 2013 Sundance Best Director), and starring Michael Cera, Juno Temple (2013 BAFTA Rising Star and Sitges Best Actress winner), Catalina Sandino Moreno, and Emily Browning. Magic Magic premiered in 2013 at The Sundance Film Festival (Official Selection, Park City at Midnight) and had its international premiere at The Cannes Film Festival (Official Selection, Director's Fortnight) with an additional screening at The Sitges Catalonia Film Festival.The film was acquired and is currently being distributed by Sony Pictures. Media (1) This position has 1 media Magic Magic (2013) Magic Magic (2013) This media is a link Sr. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Legg Mason/ClearBridge Advisors Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Partner and Co-Founder, Sr. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Hygrove Partners LLC Dates Employed Jun 2000 – Jan 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos Sr. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Warburg Pincus Asset Management Dates Employed Aug 1998 – Apr 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos See more positions Education UCLA - School of Theater, Film and Television Degree Name Professional Program in Producing The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Accounting Bowdoin College Degree Name AB Field Of Study Government & Legal Studies, Economics Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (5) Given (0) John Kahwaty Managing Director at Global Atlantic Partners LLC March 18, 2011, John worked with Todd but at different companies I met Todd years ago in my capacity as head of investor relations for a large cap banking institution. I was impressed with his command of industry fundamentals and the quality of his questions. He brought a solid blend of analytic, valuation and strategic perspectives to his conversations with myself and executive management. Todd conducts himself very professionally and is a pleasure to deal with. Michael Feldman, CFA Equity Research Associate at Bank of America Merrill Lynch March 15, 2011, Michael reported directly to Todd Todd has been a wonderful teacher, mentor, and friend. As an Intern with Clearbridge Advisors, I shadowed him and completed research assignments for Clearbridge under his leadership. He taught me how to gather information from financial statements, synthesize and analyze data, develop company financial models, forecast earnings and cash flow, and determine price targets for different companies across the consumer discretionary industry. He trained me to ask the critical questions during meetings with company management/Investor Relations in order to extract the important information needed to develop a thorough and complete understanding of companies. He always took the time out of his busy schedule to answer my questions and assist in the development of my research skills. He continues to play a positive and influential role in my professional life. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Bruce BroussardBruce Broussard is a LinkedIn Influencer President and CEO at Humana 191,477 followers Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,287 followers Producers Network 51,204 members Film Financing Group 53,003 members Bowdoin College Alumni 5,958 members Alumni - Wellington Management Company 1,007 members See all See all following
More Actions Kulbinder has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Kulbinder Garcha MD at CS, Board Member i-GP, Partner Tony Vaccaro Studio Credit Suisse Cambridge University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced sell side technology analyst, covering a broad range of industries and end markets including IT Hardware, Telecom Equipment and Networking on a global basis. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Kulbinder’s Articles & Activity 2,250 followers Happy Birthday Tony Vaccaro Kulbinder Garcha on LinkedIn See 4 more articles Only 1 company on earth can buy grocery chain, be rumored to buy enterprise software company & in both cases be lauded for strategic vision Kulbinder liked GOLDMAN SACHS EQUITY GURU SETS UP OWN FUND – Goldman Sachs Asset Management have seen the departure of one of their most senior fund managers Prashant Khemka, who has left to set up his own fund called White Oak Capital based in India. Whilst at GSAM, Khemka set up the Indian-focused equity fund in 2006 and eventually would go on to oversee $5.3bn in emerging-market assets. After 17 years at Goldman's, Khemka believes "there's a lot of interest from foreign investors in Indian equities", and because of this, setting up a fund in "the Indian equity market is home ground for me and it is always good to play with a home advantage". White Oak Capital have assembled a team of eight, and will start operations in August. #SpartanInternational Kulbinder liked Thank you to the Private Placement Life Insurance & Variable Annuities Forum team for having me speak at their conference today in Boston. It was great to see so many familiar faces from fund mangers to fund administrators, brokers, and friends. Thank you to Catrina Winters who moderated our panel. Proficio Capital Partners, LLC looks forward to continuing to work with families regarding tax advantaged investing and generational planning. Kulbinder liked See all activity Experience MD Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Apr 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 3 mos Location New York 2002- 2007 - European Telecom Equipment analyst.2007 - Present - Head of Global Telecom Equipment research.2010 - Present IT Hardware and Global Telecoms Equipment analyst with broad coverage of technology stocks including Apple, Nokia, Blackberry, Qualcomm to IBM,Dell, HP and EMC. Board Member Company Name i-GP Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Advising on Strategy and Finance Managing Partner Company Name Tony Vaccaro Studio Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area Providing strategic advice and direction for Tony Vaccaro studio, a leading global photographer across 2 centuries. London Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed 2000 – 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs European Telecom equipment Associate Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed 1998 – 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs European Technology Education Cambridge University Degree Name MA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 MA - Mathematics and Economics Bradford Grammar School Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 71 endorsements for Equities 71 Equities Endorsed by Fiorangelo Salvatorelli and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Kulbinder’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 49 endorsements for Hedge Funds 49 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Al Jackson and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Kulbinder’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 44 endorsements for Equity Research 44 Equity Research Endorsed by Istvan Mate-Toth, CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Kulbinder’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kulbinder has 8 publications 8 Expand publications section Publications Apple Services - Scaling the annuity Nokia Networking : The last bastion of IT profits IBM Downgrade Unclouding Storage Apple - The most valuable company in the world? Serving the smart era Bloomberg interview Apple SE Interests CXO Community - CEO, COO, CFO, CIO, CTO, CAO, CSO, and MD 15,186 members Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members Real Estate Investing Entrepreneurs 11,703 members Cambridge in America 1,955 members Bernard MarrBernard Marr is a LinkedIn Influencer Best-Selling Author, Keynote Speaker and Leading Business and Data Expert 1,040,846 followers Apple 3,466,294 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brad has a account Brad Mas, CFA, CPA Equity Research Associate at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bucknell University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Equity Research Associate Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Currently working on the U.S. Medical Technology Equity Research team under Bob Hopkins Equity Research Associate Company Name Needham & Company Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area • Worked for two Managing Director/Senior Analysts in the Equity Research department, providing analysis for both our Technology (Advanced Industrial Technologies) and Healthcare (Medical Technologies, Devices, and Diagnostics) teams. Advisory - Transaction Services - Financial Due Diligence Company Name PwC Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area • Completed internship program in the group (Summer 2011);• Commonly known as the “Deals” department; worked with both Private Equity and Corporate clients; provided financial due diligence for potential mergers and acquisitions (both sell-side and buy-side) Intern Company Name Somerset Hills Bank Dates Employed May 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Bernardsville, New Jersey Worked within the FP&A department of a local community bank helping with various projects Extern Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 1 mo Location Short Hills, New Jersey 3-day introductory program to the firm. Education Bucknell University Degree Name BSBA Field Of Study Accounting/Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Sigma Alpha Epsilon West Morris Mendham High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Due Diligence See 16 endorsements for Due Diligence 16 Due Diligence Endorsed by Nataliya Strugatskaya, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Brad’s colleagues at PwC Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 10 Microsoft Excel Jason Pepe and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Mergers & Acquisitions See 10 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 10 Mergers & Acquisitions Anthony Falce and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brad has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Series 63 Series 7 Series 86 Series 87 Interests ESPN 344,194 followers Needham & Company 7,092 followers Bank of America Merrill Lynch 95,984 followers PwC 1,355,222 followers Lord, Abbett & Co. LLC 10,286 followers Abbott 824,877 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nathan has a account Nathan Littlewood Co-Founder | CEO at Urban Leaf Urban Leaf Columbia University - Columbia Business School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Co-Founder and CEO at Urban Leaf. The intersection of Food, Environment and Technology is where I find my passion. Trained Engineer, former Investment Banker, current Exec-MBA student at Columbia Business School. Highlights Follow Follow Nathan’s Articles & Activity 1,055 followers Why Sky Diving Is The Best Career Advice I've Ever Received Nathan Littlewood on LinkedIn See 4 more articles To all the smaller food brands out there looking to build a presence in the New York City area please avoid a big pitfall that is a distributor named Gourmet Distribution based in Long Island. I had been warned that they had questionable payment history with other brands and that we should keep things tight. We entered skeptically. What I wasn't prepared for was the array of devious lies to separate us from our products without payment. I just hope that my misfortunes can help other food brands to avoid this pitfall. Do not even listen to him. There are lots of good distributors in the area and I would love to help anyone looking for guidance on building distribution in this area. Please reach out. Nathan liked In-Depth: Why Amazon Scooped Up Whole Foods Nathan liked Starting at Wharton today! Nathan liked See all activity Experience Co-Founder | CEO Company Name Urban Leaf Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area We believe that the future of food is local, personal and decentralized. We're developing products that make it fun, easy and accessible to grow food in your own home. Vice President Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 8 yrs 7 mos Location New York, Toronto and Melbourne • Turning Ideas Into Profits: As a creative thinker and passionate problem solver, I am not afraid of challenging the status quo and taking a non-consensus view. This made for a successful career as a research analyst – in 2015 I was the #1 ranked Metals & Mining Analyst in the US based on my stock recommendations. • High Performer: Having started as an Associate analyst in 2007, I quickly gained my own coverage (2009), was selected for the prestigious Equities Associates Development Program within the APAC region (2010), was promoted to a Lead Analyst position in Canada (2011), and ultimately became Head of US Metals & Mining Research in 2013. • Global Perspective: 5 years ex-pat experience as well as site visits across Australia, Canada, USA, China, South Africa, Ukraine, Sweden, Norway, Brazil and Argentina has provided me with a uniquely global perspective, and familiarity with the challenges and opportunities that come with working in a global team• Extensive Leadership Skills: Supervision and management of employees both locally and in remote locations (India). Co-ordination of global colleagues as part of cross-border collaboration projects. Project Engineer Company Name NRW Holdings Pty Ltd Dates Employed Oct 2004 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Perth, Australia • Project Management: Responsible for client liaison, project scheduling, cost control, supervision and contract administration.• On Site Experience: Projects included Rio Tinto’s Yandi JSE 54mtpa expansion and mine pre-strip project, and rail construction at Port Hedland for BHP Billiton.• Project Tendering: Ground up Cost Estimation, Tender Preparation, Client Negotiation and Marketing of Project Proposals. Civil Engineer / Construction Manager Company Name Hatch Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Perth, Australia • Project Design: Preliminary Engineering and Feasibility Studies for various projects including BHP’s Ravensthorpe Nickel.• Site Based Experience: Construction Manager / Client Representative for Iluka Resources on the Yoganup West Mineral Sands Mine Site Relocation Project, and Construction Engineer for LandCorp on the Burrup East West Services Corridor Project. Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Executive MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Class Academic Representative, EMBA Americas '17 | Board Member, Columbia Entrepreneurs Organization | Student Advisory Board, Lang Center for Entrepreneurship | TA for 'The Leader's Voice'​ Honors: Dean's List George Brown College Degree Name Certificate of Culinary Arts Field Of Study Cooking and Related Culinary Arts, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Classical French techniques as well as 6-12 week specialty courses on Italian, Thai, BBQ, Spanish and Indian cuisine KAPLAN Degree Name Graduate Diploma Field Of Study Applied Finance and Investment Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Units: Financial Markets and Economics, Financial Analysis and Evaluation, Securities Industry Law and Ethics, Interest Rate Markets and Risk Management, Applied Valuation, Mining Investment Analysis and Corporate & Structured Finance. See more education Volunteer Experience Pro-bono Strategy Consultant, Greenmarket Co Company Name GrowNYC Dates volunteered Mar 2016 – Mar 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Environment Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 6 endorsements for Management 6 Management Iva Jegic and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 10 endorsements for Investments 10 Investments Endorsed by Alex Rotonen, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 14 endorsements for Investment Banking 14 Investment Banking Endorsed by 3 of Nathan’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations pavithra ahuja Equity Research Analyst January 18, 2016, Nathan was a client of pavithra’s Pavithra was an absolute pleasure to work with during the several years we spent on the same team. The is intelligent, motivated, and personable. I would welcome an opportunity to work with her again. Amit Manchanda Research Lead at Evalueserve January 18, 2016, Nathan managed Amit directly Amit is a sharp, resourceful and diligent analyst whom I had the pleasure of working with in one of my past roles. I was impressed with his initiative and professionalism, and would welcome an opportunity to work with him again. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Nathan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Indonesian Interests MEPS Steelmaking Raw Materials 2,012 members Khosla Ventures 9,235 followers Vermillion 149 followers Columbia Business School 83,293 followers Kaplan University 95,858 followers Katie CouricKatie Couric is a LinkedIn Influencer Yahoo Global News Anchor 270,035 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Paul Trejo Equity Analyst - Latin America BlackRock University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections InMail Equity analyst with expertise across several industries in Latam. 10 years of experience analyzing business models. Fluent in Spanish and Portuguese. Highlights Follow Follow Paul’s Activity 544 followers Following one month of 2017 Berkshire Shareholder Meeting, I thought that is worth to share the "10 New Things We Learned in Omaha 2017". Regards, Gewehr Paul liked What Women Can Do If They’re Interrupted at Work Paul shared this See all activity Experience Vice President Company Name BlackRock Dates Employed 2007 – 2017 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Senior Equity Research Analyst, Latin America Fund- coverage for several sectors: retail, food/beverage, pharma, car rental, & utilities- covered 50+ companies- experience presenting to management teams Merrill Lynch Investment Managers Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed 2006 – 2006 Employment Duration less than a year Location Princeton, NJ Summer Analyst, Latin America Fund- started coverage of Brazilian retail sector- developed and presented comprehensive research report- created valuation models for each company and business model(DCF, DDM, multiples, franchise value, replacement value, & IRR comparisons) Assurance Intern Company Name BDO Dates Employed 2005 – 2005 Employment Duration less than a year Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area - audits and review engagements (401k, IPO, etc.)- financial statements (10-Q, 10-K, 8-K)- Sarbanes-Oxley readiness Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Economics Field Of Study Finance and Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Columbia Business School Degree Name Executive Education Field Of Study Value Investing Program Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 St. Mark's School of Texas Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 8 endorsements for Equities 8 Equities Endorsed by 3 of Paul’s colleagues at BlackRock Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management See 6 endorsements for Asset Management 6 Asset Management Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at BlackRock Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 6 endorsements for Portfolio Management 6 Portfolio Management Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at BlackRock Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Paul has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Portuguese Spanish Paul has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Paul has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization New York Society of Securities Analysts Interests Business Insider 2,757,026 followers GMO 5,497 followers National Basketball Association (NBA) 112,645 followers Ian BremmerIan Bremmer is a LinkedIn Influencer President at Eurasia Group 1,552,382 followers Grant's Interest Rate Observer 561 followers Finance and Investment Management 27,722 members See all See all following
More Actions Becky has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Becky Painter Equity Research Analyst at Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments Swarthmore College Boston, Massachusetts 397 397 connections InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Associate Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater Boston Area Labor and Social Economics Teaching Assistant Company Name Swarthmore College Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Swarthmore, Pennsylvania Math Department Grader Company Name Swarthmore College Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Swarthmore, Pennsylvania Equity Research Summer Associate Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Boston Area Global Fixed Income Intern/ Solutions Advisory Intern Company Name SEI Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Oaks, Pennsylvania See more positions Education Swarthmore College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Thomas B. McCabe Scholar Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Swarthmore College 14,563 followers Centennial Conference Athletes 2,470 members Fidelity Investments 311,706 followers
More Actions Patrick has a account Patrick Wellington Senior Financial Analyst at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley Harvard University Greater New York City Area 48 48 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Financial Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Education Harvard University Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Gia Hamilton RPh Senior Operations Manager at Globibo October 17, 2007, Gia worked with Patrick in the same group Helen is a pleasant, generous person who is never afraid to take on a challenging task. She has been one of our most dedicated portfolio manager.She is an independent, self directed person who is able to communicate effectively and meet even the most demanding challenges. During her tenure with Gerson, she set an unprecedented record in portfolio growth. Her clients portfolio averaged returns 200% higher than S&P, much to our competitors dismay. Accomplishments Interests Harvard University 607,442 followers Morgan Stanley 590,766 followers Harvard University 492,936 followers
More Actions Ridhi has a account Ridhi Khaitan Senior Analyst at Frontera Frontera CFA Institute ( US) Gurgaon, Haryana, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Finance professional with 6 years of experience in Equity Research covering the Banking, Technology and Real Estate Sectors Cleared all levels of the CFA exam. I am a post graduate in Business Administration from IBS (Hyderabad) and a graduate in Commerce from St Xavier’s College (Kolkata). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Ridhi’s Activity 1,140 followers Is This The End of The Road For Venezuela? Ridhi shared this Investors Continue To Pour Into Brazil As Political Turmoil Makes Valuations Attractive Ridhi shared this Would A Recovery In Oil Prices Trigger A Russian Rebound In 2017? Ridhi shared this Follow The Funds: Which Countries Are Driving Outsized Returns For Emerging Markets Ridhi shared this How Large Are the Positions That Funds Have Liquidated In Qatari ETFs? Ridhi shared this 3 Middle East ETFs To Avoid If Qatar Boils Over Ridhi shared this See all activity Experience Senior global macro analyst Company Name Frontera Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Equity Research Analyst Company Name Market Realist Dates Employed May 2015 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Equity research on US banks. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Evalueserve Dates Employed Jul 2013 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Equity research for REITs and Developers. Also supporting the Singapore strategy team. Responsibilities include :. Assisting the clients with initiating coverage on companies and writing pieces of research materials needed for building thematic reports, sector notes , etc.•Coordinating with various sector teams and coming up with research reports relevant for the sector.•Prepared valuation models for companies using DCF, comparative analysis techniques.•Sound understanding of databases such as CEIC, Bloomberg, DataStream & client specific databases. Associate Company Name Tata Consultancy Services Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Financial Statement Analysis & Reporting Financial statements & ratio analysis of various corporate IT clients to prepare research reports on their financial health based on key factors such as industry, market position, operational efficiency, management, profitability, liquidity & capital structure.Responsible for managing the financial reporting activity across diverse matrix teams. Key Highlights include:• Preparation of periodic revenue reports for presentation to the senior management • P&L reporting to track periodic change in revenues, costs and comparison with the budgeted revenues• Revenue forecasting & analysis across the annual business planning exercise• Financial reporting across Revenue realization• Account wise Operational reporting tracking efficiency and profitabilityCommercial Modeling: Business case preparation using various pricing models like Transaction pricing, FTE based pricing and Gain sharing approach. Key highlights include:• Commercial modeling for bids including gross margin sign offs from the senior management • Maximizing per FTE revenue realization, through suggestive pricing models • Cost of capital deployment across BAU and transition phases• Account Research including financial health analysis to analyze propensity to outsource • Hands on experience in preparation, issuance and delivery of solutions aligned with customer objectives • Sound knowledge across key financial metrics across Procure to pay & Financial planning & analysis Intern Company Name IFCI Dates Employed Feb 2010 – May 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Kolkata • Learned the Credit Appraisal & Analysis process through live case studies on actual underwriting and sanction of corporate loans to BRG Iron & Co and VISA Infrastructure Ltd. against pledge of shares.• Understanding the credit products offered to Corporates and the credit guidelines followed by NBFCs.• Assisted with IPO Valuation of Sree Ganesh Jewellery Ltd (IFCI invested as an Anchor Investor) using DCF and Relative Value to evaluate the viability of the investment. Education CFA Institute ( US) Degree Name CFA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2013 Passed all three levels of the CFA program and maybe awarded charter on completion of the required work experience. IBS Hyderabad Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 St Xavier's College, Kolkata Degree Name B.Com Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 39 endorsements for Financial Modeling 39 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Abhishek Sharma CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ridhi’s colleagues at Market Realist Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 4 endorsements for Bloomberg 4 Bloomberg Mayur Sontakke, FRM and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills DCF DCF No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Mahima Khanna Economist February 20, 2012, Mahima and Ridhi were students together I was constantly marveled by Ridhi sound understanding of Physics and mathematics whilst at La Martiniere for Girls (class 11 and 12) and economics and mathematics in St. Xavier's College. She also was aware of the happening around the world and would often initiate discussions on macro-economic policy. She was an all rounder and invested heavily in academics and extra curricular activities. Also, she is a very good nature'd person and can work well as a leader and a team player. I wish her all the success for her future endeavours. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ridhi has 6 courses 6 Expand courses section Courses Corporate Finance Derivatives Equities Financial Analysis and Reporting Fixed Income Portfolio Management Ridhi has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Bengali English Hindi Ridhi has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests moneycontrol.com 317,695 followers Amba Research 7,441 followers Inventure Growth & Securities Ltd. 3,371 followers Avendus Capital 5,911 followers APAC JOB MARKET 4,690 members Renew Strategics, Corp 8 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nathan has a account Nathan Littlewood Co-Founder | CEO at Urban Leaf Urban Leaf Columbia University - Columbia Business School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Co-Founder and CEO at Urban Leaf. The intersection of Food, Environment and Technology is where I find my passion. Trained Engineer, former Investment Banker, current Exec-MBA student at Columbia Business School. Highlights Follow Follow Nathan’s Articles & Activity 1,055 followers Why Sky Diving Is The Best Career Advice I've Ever Received Nathan Littlewood on LinkedIn See 4 more articles To all the smaller food brands out there looking to build a presence in the New York City area please avoid a big pitfall that is a distributor named Gourmet Distribution based in Long Island. I had been warned that they had questionable payment history with other brands and that we should keep things tight. We entered skeptically. What I wasn't prepared for was the array of devious lies to separate us from our products without payment. I just hope that my misfortunes can help other food brands to avoid this pitfall. Do not even listen to him. There are lots of good distributors in the area and I would love to help anyone looking for guidance on building distribution in this area. Please reach out. Nathan liked In-Depth: Why Amazon Scooped Up Whole Foods Nathan liked Starting at Wharton today! Nathan liked See all activity Experience Co-Founder | CEO Company Name Urban Leaf Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area We believe that the future of food is local, personal and decentralized. We're developing products that make it fun, easy and accessible to grow food in your own home. Vice President Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 8 yrs 7 mos Location New York, Toronto and Melbourne • Turning Ideas Into Profits: As a creative thinker and passionate problem solver, I am not afraid of challenging the status quo and taking a non-consensus view. This made for a successful career as a research analyst – in 2015 I was the #1 ranked Metals & Mining Analyst in the US based on my stock recommendations. • High Performer: Having started as an Associate analyst in 2007, I quickly gained my own coverage (2009), was selected for the prestigious Equities Associates Development Program within the APAC region (2010), was promoted to a Lead Analyst position in Canada (2011), and ultimately became Head of US Metals & Mining Research in 2013. • Global Perspective: 5 years ex-pat experience as well as site visits across Australia, Canada, USA, China, South Africa, Ukraine, Sweden, Norway, Brazil and Argentina has provided me with a uniquely global perspective, and familiarity with the challenges and opportunities that come with working in a global team• Extensive Leadership Skills: Supervision and management of employees both locally and in remote locations (India). Co-ordination of global colleagues as part of cross-border collaboration projects. Project Engineer Company Name NRW Holdings Pty Ltd Dates Employed Oct 2004 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Perth, Australia • Project Management: Responsible for client liaison, project scheduling, cost control, supervision and contract administration.• On Site Experience: Projects included Rio Tinto’s Yandi JSE 54mtpa expansion and mine pre-strip project, and rail construction at Port Hedland for BHP Billiton.• Project Tendering: Ground up Cost Estimation, Tender Preparation, Client Negotiation and Marketing of Project Proposals. Civil Engineer / Construction Manager Company Name Hatch Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Perth, Australia • Project Design: Preliminary Engineering and Feasibility Studies for various projects including BHP’s Ravensthorpe Nickel.• Site Based Experience: Construction Manager / Client Representative for Iluka Resources on the Yoganup West Mineral Sands Mine Site Relocation Project, and Construction Engineer for LandCorp on the Burrup East West Services Corridor Project. Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Executive MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Class Academic Representative, EMBA Americas '17 | Board Member, Columbia Entrepreneurs Organization | Student Advisory Board, Lang Center for Entrepreneurship | TA for 'The Leader's Voice'​ Honors: Dean's List George Brown College Degree Name Certificate of Culinary Arts Field Of Study Cooking and Related Culinary Arts, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Classical French techniques as well as 6-12 week specialty courses on Italian, Thai, BBQ, Spanish and Indian cuisine KAPLAN Degree Name Graduate Diploma Field Of Study Applied Finance and Investment Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Units: Financial Markets and Economics, Financial Analysis and Evaluation, Securities Industry Law and Ethics, Interest Rate Markets and Risk Management, Applied Valuation, Mining Investment Analysis and Corporate & Structured Finance. See more education Volunteer Experience Pro-bono Strategy Consultant, Greenmarket Co Company Name GrowNYC Dates volunteered Mar 2016 – Mar 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Environment Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 6 endorsements for Management 6 Management Iva Jegic and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 10 endorsements for Investments 10 Investments Endorsed by Alex Rotonen, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 14 endorsements for Investment Banking 14 Investment Banking Endorsed by 3 of Nathan’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations pavithra ahuja Equity Research Analyst January 18, 2016, Nathan was a client of pavithra’s Pavithra was an absolute pleasure to work with during the several years we spent on the same team. The is intelligent, motivated, and personable. I would welcome an opportunity to work with her again. Amit Manchanda Research Lead at Evalueserve January 18, 2016, Nathan managed Amit directly Amit is a sharp, resourceful and diligent analyst whom I had the pleasure of working with in one of my past roles. I was impressed with his initiative and professionalism, and would welcome an opportunity to work with him again. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Nathan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Indonesian Interests UrbanFarmers AG / SA / Inc. 319 followers The University of Western Australia 86,942 followers AquaPonics & HydroPonics Crowdsourcing Community For Sustainable Living 1,631 members Vermillion 149 followers Private Equity Investment Group | PrivateEquity.com 184,458 members Roy Hill 42,088 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Paul Trejo Equity Analyst - Latin America BlackRock University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections InMail Equity analyst with expertise across several industries in Latam. 10 years of experience analyzing business models. Fluent in Spanish and Portuguese. Highlights Follow Follow Paul’s Activity 544 followers Following one month of 2017 Berkshire Shareholder Meeting, I thought that is worth to share the "10 New Things We Learned in Omaha 2017". Regards, Gewehr Paul liked What Women Can Do If They’re Interrupted at Work Paul shared this See all activity Experience Vice President Company Name BlackRock Dates Employed 2007 – 2017 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Senior Equity Research Analyst, Latin America Fund- coverage for several sectors: retail, food/beverage, pharma, car rental, & utilities- covered 50+ companies- experience presenting to management teams Merrill Lynch Investment Managers Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed 2006 – 2006 Employment Duration less than a year Location Princeton, NJ Summer Analyst, Latin America Fund- started coverage of Brazilian retail sector- developed and presented comprehensive research report- created valuation models for each company and business model(DCF, DDM, multiples, franchise value, replacement value, & IRR comparisons) Assurance Intern Company Name BDO Dates Employed 2005 – 2005 Employment Duration less than a year Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area - audits and review engagements (401k, IPO, etc.)- financial statements (10-Q, 10-K, 8-K)- Sarbanes-Oxley readiness Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Economics Field Of Study Finance and Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Columbia Business School Degree Name Executive Education Field Of Study Value Investing Program Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 St. Mark's School of Texas Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 8 endorsements for Equities 8 Equities Endorsed by 3 of Paul’s colleagues at BlackRock Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management See 6 endorsements for Asset Management 6 Asset Management Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at BlackRock Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 6 endorsements for Portfolio Management 6 Portfolio Management Endorsed by 2 of Paul’s colleagues at BlackRock Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Paul has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Portuguese Spanish Paul has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Paul has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization New York Society of Securities Analysts Interests NYSSA 2,280 followers Business Insider 2,757,031 followers St. Mark's School of Texas 640 followers 3G Capital 20,040 followers BlackRock 335,676 followers The Economist 4,116,784 followers See all See all following
More Actions Becky has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Becky Painter Equity Research Analyst at Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments Swarthmore College Boston, Massachusetts 397 397 connections InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Associate Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater Boston Area Labor and Social Economics Teaching Assistant Company Name Swarthmore College Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Swarthmore, Pennsylvania Math Department Grader Company Name Swarthmore College Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Swarthmore, Pennsylvania Equity Research Summer Associate Company Name Fidelity Investments Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater Boston Area Global Fixed Income Intern/ Solutions Advisory Intern Company Name SEI Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Oaks, Pennsylvania See more positions Education Swarthmore College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Thomas B. McCabe Scholar Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Centennial Conference Athletes 2,470 members Swarthmore College 14,563 followers Fidelity Investments 311,706 followers
More Actions Patrick has a account Patrick Wellington Senior Financial Analyst at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley Harvard University Greater New York City Area 48 48 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Financial Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Education Harvard University Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Gia Hamilton RPh Senior Operations Manager at Globibo October 17, 2007, Gia worked with Patrick in the same group Helen is a pleasant, generous person who is never afraid to take on a challenging task. She has been one of our most dedicated portfolio manager.She is an independent, self directed person who is able to communicate effectively and meet even the most demanding challenges. During her tenure with Gerson, she set an unprecedented record in portfolio growth. Her clients portfolio averaged returns 200% higher than S&P, much to our competitors dismay. Accomplishments Interests Morgan Stanley 590,766 followers Harvard University 607,443 followers Harvard University 492,946 followers
More Actions Scott has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Scott Coleman Business Development Partner at Ignition IGNITION PARTNERS Harvard University Kennedy School of Government San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Follow Follow Scott’s Articles & Activity 2,922 followers We are hiring in SF for our VC engagement team Scott Coleman on LinkedIn See 2 more articles Thrilled to announce we will be working with a bright and talented team at Tractable #insuretech #VentureCapital https://lnkd.in/gAgHTbs … Scott shared this See all activity Experience Partner, Business Development Company Name IGNITION PARTNERS Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Identify partnership and go-to-market opportunities for Ignition portfolio companies by leveraging technology industry experience, experience working with startups across stack, and financial and business development background. Focus areas include software-defined infrastructure, devops, analytics, cyber, the changing nature of work and productivity, and how digital transformation is reshaping the tech stack and how enterprises source and consume solutions. Advisor Company Name Work-Bench Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area I advise Work-Bench members, portfolio companies, and leadership team on ways to scale and solve enterprise technology challenges. GM, Microsoft Startup Growth Partners (formerly Microsoft Ventures) Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Leverage my experience driving innovation in large companies, engaging with disrupters and investors, and delivering outcomes based on evaluation and adoption of emerging technologies. As GM of Microsoft Startup Growth Partners, I drive company-wide engagement with the emerging technology ecosystem with a specific focus on building strong partnerships with venture capital firms to help accelerate the growth and success of start-ups. As part of this effort, we run seven accelerators globally; partners with 200+ top tier accelerators around the world; works with start-ups from early to growth stage to solve technical and go-to-market challenges, and serves as a conduit for the emerging tech community into and across Microsoft. SVP, Technology Innovation Portfolio Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location SF Work with the venture community and their portfolio companies to find innovative solutions to our most pressing technology needs. Areas of interest span from enterprise to consumer technologies and across all of BAC's businesses. Executive Director, Technology Business Development Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location NY Focused on IT strategy, vendor relationship management, and partering with banking, equities, and VCs to drive Morgan Stanley's technology platform. See more positions Education Harvard University Kennedy School of Government Degree Name Master of Public Policy Field Of Study Technology Policy Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 University of California, Berkeley Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Development See 66 endorsements for Business Development 66 Business Development Endorsed by Adam Berns and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Scott’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills IT Strategy See 65 endorsements for IT Strategy 65 IT Strategy Endorsed by Richard Inman and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Scott’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Venture Capital See 50 endorsements for Venture Capital 50 Venture Capital Endorsed by Chris Haroun and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Scott’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (4) Peter(Pete) Buchhop Cloud Architect ★ Mobile Architect ★ Enterprise Architect ★ App Architect ★ Software Dev ★ Security ★ Agile ★ Proj Mgmt February 14, 2013, Scott worked with Peter(Pete) in the same group Scott is a class act. Very knowledgable, capable, and a pleasure to work with. Andrew Lee CEO at Purse August 9, 2013, Scott was senior to Andrew but didn’t manage directly Andrew has the ability to distill complex technology and business challenges down the salients details to simply get stuff done. I was also impressed with how he built and leveraged his network both inside and outside the company as an effective way to leverage impact. Moreover, he is a fun person to work with. Stefan Marinov Vice President, Global Risk Analytics at Bank of America August 9, 2013, Scott was senior to Stefan but didn’t manage directly Stefan offers a unique mixture of deep technical know-how with a strong business sense. I also appreciated his abilty to 'go deep' when needed and also evaluate when he knew enough to have an accurate and high convictin view. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,507,328 followers IBM 3,479,355 followers Workday 147,013 followers Harvard Kennedy School 53,955 followers KenSci 354 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,782 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kulbinder has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Kulbinder Garcha MD at CS, Board Member i-GP, Partner Tony Vaccaro Studio Credit Suisse Cambridge University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced sell side technology analyst, covering a broad range of industries and end markets including IT Hardware, Telecom Equipment and Networking on a global basis. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Kulbinder’s Articles & Activity 2,250 followers Happy Birthday Tony Vaccaro Kulbinder Garcha on LinkedIn See 4 more articles Only 1 company on earth can buy grocery chain, be rumored to buy enterprise software company & in both cases be lauded for strategic vision Kulbinder liked GOLDMAN SACHS EQUITY GURU SETS UP OWN FUND – Goldman Sachs Asset Management have seen the departure of one of their most senior fund managers Prashant Khemka, who has left to set up his own fund called White Oak Capital based in India. Whilst at GSAM, Khemka set up the Indian-focused equity fund in 2006 and eventually would go on to oversee $5.3bn in emerging-market assets. After 17 years at Goldman's, Khemka believes "there's a lot of interest from foreign investors in Indian equities", and because of this, setting up a fund in "the Indian equity market is home ground for me and it is always good to play with a home advantage". White Oak Capital have assembled a team of eight, and will start operations in August. #SpartanInternational Kulbinder liked Thank you to the Private Placement Life Insurance & Variable Annuities Forum team for having me speak at their conference today in Boston. It was great to see so many familiar faces from fund mangers to fund administrators, brokers, and friends. Thank you to Catrina Winters who moderated our panel. Proficio Capital Partners, LLC looks forward to continuing to work with families regarding tax advantaged investing and generational planning. Kulbinder liked See all activity Experience MD Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Apr 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 3 mos Location New York 2002- 2007 - European Telecom Equipment analyst.2007 - Present - Head of Global Telecom Equipment research.2010 - Present IT Hardware and Global Telecoms Equipment analyst with broad coverage of technology stocks including Apple, Nokia, Blackberry, Qualcomm to IBM,Dell, HP and EMC. Board Member Company Name i-GP Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Advising on Strategy and Finance Managing Partner Company Name Tony Vaccaro Studio Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater New York City Area Providing strategic advice and direction for Tony Vaccaro studio, a leading global photographer across 2 centuries. London Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed 2000 – 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs European Telecom equipment Associate Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed 1998 – 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs European Technology Education Cambridge University Degree Name MA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 MA - Mathematics and Economics Bradford Grammar School Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 71 endorsements for Equities 71 Equities Endorsed by Fiorangelo Salvatorelli and 16 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Kulbinder’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 49 endorsements for Hedge Funds 49 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Al Jackson and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Kulbinder’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 44 endorsements for Equity Research 44 Equity Research Endorsed by Istvan Mate-Toth, CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Kulbinder’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kulbinder has 8 publications 8 Expand publications section Publications Apple Services - Scaling the annuity Nokia Networking : The last bastion of IT profits IBM Downgrade Unclouding Storage Apple - The most valuable company in the world? Serving the smart era Bloomberg interview Apple SE Interests Business Insider 2,757,031 followers Wireless Infrastructure - Towers 8,923 members Executive Suite 455,769 members Huawei Enterprise 65,739 followers Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members Institutional Investor 21,734 members See all See all following
More Actions Ken has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Ken Rumph Equity Research Analyst at Jefferies Intl Jefferies Cranfield University London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections InMail Equity research analyst covering small- and mid-cap growth companies, especially cleantech and IP Commercialisation/university spinout sectors. NXD/non-executive director. Digital media, renewables, environment, resource/water/energy efficiency, agritech, watertech, greentech, interest in China and Asia generally. Specialties: sell-side financial analyst , stock picking, modelling, equity investment; plus environmental science, law, economics and sustainability, resource efficiency, small cap, IPO, conference speaker, start-up advisor/mentor. non-executive director/NXD/NED. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Ken’s Activity 3,485 followers Peter Bance shares knowledge about Demand Response Management at the ENGIE – UK & Ireland Innovation Week event in London. Visit our website for more information: https://lnkd.in/dRMa59T Ken liked Caffè Nero's top marketer on letting the brand speak for itself Ken liked A good 360deg view on #AI developments. Quite some take-away messages and, from all, I would highlight the 'the battle for the talent' as the one that will condition the winners in the space. https://lnkd.in/g_AXZaX #MachineLearning #healthcare #fintech #insurtech @CBinsights Ken liked Seedling startups reach full bloom in Israel’s incubators Ken liked Roman Roads Ken liked We are pleased to be nominated for two 2017 Biotech and Money Awards, in the UK Growth Life Sciences Company of the Year and UK Life Science Private CEO of the Year categories. The winners will be announced on 14 September and you can vote online here: http://bit.ly/2r1PavW. For more details, see http://bit.ly/2r9M7Wu. Ken liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Jefferies Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location London, United Kingdom Equity Research Analyst covering small- and mid-cap growth companies and the IP Commercialisation/VC/University spin-out sector Principal Company Name Cleantechnics Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location London, United Kingdom Cleantech and Smart City consultancy Advisory Group member Company Name Transport Systems Catapult Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Milton Keynes, United Kingdom The Transport Systems Catapult draws on a wide group of transport industry executives, academics and other participants to develop its programme. See https://ts.catapult.org.uk/ Advisory Panel member for NISP South East region Company Name National Industrial Symbiosis Programme (NISP) Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom NISP is a public sector programme linking 'waste' streams with organisations for whom these could be input raw materials (industrial symbiosis). Operated by Industrial Synergies Ltd, moving from public funding to private. The panel brings together experts from academia, the waste sector and potential inudstrial customers. See http://www.nispnetwork.com/ and http://www.international-synergies.com/ Advisory Panel Member for School of Applied Sciences Sustainability courses Company Name Cranfield University Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 9 mos Location Milton Keynes, United Kingdom Advisory panel member for courses with SAS concerning water, waste, environment, etc, see http://www.cranfield.ac.uk/about/people-and-resources/schools-and-departments/school-of-applied-sciences/index.html See more positions Education Cranfield University Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Environmental Management for Business Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 University of Cambridge Degree Name BSc Field Of Study Natural Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1986 Lincoln Christ's Hospital Degree Name O & A levels Field Of Study Maths, English, Sciences, Languages Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1983 Featured Skills & Endorsements Renewable Energy See 122 endorsements for Renewable Energy 99+ Renewable Energy Endorsed by Graham Cooley and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Ken’s colleagues at Nomura Code Click and drag to reorder skills Cleantech See 63 endorsements for Cleantech 63 Cleantech Endorsed by Graham Cooley and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Ken’s colleagues at Nomura Code Click and drag to reorder skills Sustainability See 51 endorsements for Sustainability 51 Sustainability Endorsed by Gary Foster and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Ken’s colleagues at Nomura Code Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (9) Solon Molho CFA Instructor May 5, 2009, Ken was a client of Solon’s Ken is a pleasure to work with both as client and broker - I had the good luck to work with him from two posts. Never once did he take his eye off the ball! Yan Sun Interpreter and translator，TMCer August 21, 2015, Ken managed Yan directly Yan escorted me as translator/interpreter on a due diligence type visit to a Chinese chemicals company near Jinan in August 2015. Her good work actually began well before the visit, with an exchange of messages to discuss the work involved, and she gathered extensive information on the company in advance, checking technical terms and product names, etc. She also established my key requirements. Yan also helped me with logistics in getting to the local station. Throughout the meetings with the company, Yan was able to provide clear interpretation of what my Chinese counterparts said, but also a great deal of 'reading between the lines' of what was actually said. Cultural issues were also handled by Yan, including gifts (giving and receiving) and lunch/dinners/toasts. Yan also helped with translating what the company's English speakers were saying into Chinese for the benefit of the others.Finally, Yan helped with further travel arrangements. Yan is very competent, quick to learn new industries and meeting formats, works hard to prepare and makes a very good impression on clients. Personally, she is great company and an excellent travel companion. I will be making further use of her services not only in Shandong but anywhere she is able to work with me in China in future. I whole heartedly recommend her as translator/escort interpreterKen Rumph Reena Verma Bhasin, CFA Head - Group Strategy and M&A May 28, 2015, Ken was senior to Reena Verma but didn’t manage directly Reena's knowledge and deep network across both pan-Asian telecoms and materials would have been impressive in two people, let alone one. A team player who also leads when she knows she has the case to do so (when i headed global materials at Merrill Lynch), Reena is pro-active, generates great ideas and added a lot of value for institutional and corporate clients. I'd recommend her her for any research role. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Ken has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages French German Japanese Mandarin Chinese Ken has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award #1 for New Energy & Cleantech Interests Aquaporin A/S 1,511 followers Ballard Power Systems 5,765 followers Habonim Industrial Valves & Actuators LTD 541 followers Pangaea Ventures 255 followers Startup Funding Club 540 followers Group Lotus plc 26,973 followers See all See all following
More Actions Abhey has a account Abhey Lamba Senior Technology Analyst at Mizuho Securities USA Inc. Mizuho Securities USA Inc. The Wharton School San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Abhey is a seasoned executive with strong understanding of technology and the capital markets. Given his strong experience in analyzing various software and hardware companies, he has in-depth knowledge about the entire technology space. Prior to equity analysis, he worked in various operational capacities in the software industry. Abhey was part of the top ranked team focused on the software space on the Wall Street where he was chosen as the best up-and-comer analyst in the sector. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Technology Analyst Company Name Mizuho Securities USA Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Leading the team to cover various hardware, infrastructure software, integration technology, big data, business intelligence, and software-as-a-service companies. Media (6) This position has 6 media Previous Next Abhey on Bloomberg TV on HP Abhey on Bloomberg TV on HP This media is a link Abhey on Fox Business News on Apple Abhey on Fox Business News on Apple This media is a video Abhey on CNBC to discuss HP Abhey on CNBC to discuss HP This media is a video Abhey on Bloomberg TV on various technology companies Abhey on Bloomberg TV on various technology companies This media is a video Abhey on CNBC to discuss Apple Abhey on CNBC to discuss Apple This media is a video Abhey with Jim Cramer on CNBC to discuss Apple Abhey with Jim Cramer on CNBC to discuss Apple This media is a video Managing Director Company Name ISI Group Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location New York, NY Advised institutional investors on areas of investment in the hardware and software sectors. Director Company Name UBS Investment Bank Dates Employed Apr 2004 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Member of the number one software research team on the Street, as voted by Institutional Investors in the annual survey and voted as the best up-and-comer software analyst. Selected for the leadership program for the top-performers within the bank. Covered a mix of software companies in the business intelligence, integration, infrastructure and SaaS arenas. Product Manager Company Name Siebel Systems Dates Employed 2002 – 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location New York, NY Managed many internal projects to support the finance and IT departments. Worked on new product introduction in the SaaS space and established business processes to support the new product line. Associate Company Name Booz Allen Hamilton Dates Employed 2001 – 2001 Employment Duration less than a year Advised a large government agency and a leading payment processor on strategic initiatives and new market entry. See more positions Education The Wharton School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Marketing and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 University of Connecticut Degree Name MS Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1995 Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay Degree Name B Tech Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Investment Banking See 34 endorsements for Investment Banking 34 Investment Banking Endorsed by Eric Mandl and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Abhey’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 29 endorsements for Equity Research 29 Equity Research Endorsed by Lee Kronzon, CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Abhey’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 27 endorsements for Financial Modeling 27 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Anand Srinivasan and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Abhey’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Gregory Brasher Partnering with large enterprises to generate revenue through Social Selling March 31, 2014, Abhey was a client of Gregory’s I have known Greg as a sales person for our account at various Wall Street firms over many years. He offered great service and always had a strong understanding of our needs. His services were always very targeted and specific resulting in a very effective outcome for both of us. Greg also exhibited strong domain knowledge and was able to quickly connect the dots for us and ensure that we got to study all trends in a holistic manner. I would strongly recommend Greg for any kind of sales opportunities especially within the technology arena. Accomplishments Interests Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay 75,623 followers The Wharton School 185,681 followers NetApp 338,376 followers Andreessen Horowitz 41,112 followers Mizuho Americas 20,947 followers Bill.com 6,270 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Agne Healthcare Analyst - Rothschild Asset Management Rothschild Asset Management NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 244 244 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience SVP, Healthcare Equity Analyst Company Name Rothschild Asset Management Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area US LargeCap Healthcare SVP, Healthcare Equity Analyst Company Name PineBridge Investments Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Global Healthcare Equities Research Analyst Company Name Banc of America Securities Dates Employed Feb 2004 – Jul 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location NYC Healthcare Consultant Company Name FactSet Research Systems Dates Employed Sep 2001 – Dec 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Greenwich, CT Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 University of Vermont Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Management Information Systems, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 4 endorsements for Equity Research 4 Equity Research Endorsed by 2 of Jeff’s colleagues at PineBridge Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Healthcare See 1 endorsement for Healthcare 1 Healthcare Lizette St. Hilaire, CFA has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 1 endorsement for Investments 1 Investments Nathan Gray has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests UVM Alumni Association 16,569 members Rothschild & Co 72,329 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,949 followers PineBridge Investments 40,856 followers University of Vermont Career Connection 10,018 members University of Vermont 76,655 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rotimi has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Rotimi Ososami, CFA Vice President, Alternative Investments, at Allenbridge Allenbridge University College London, U. of London London, United Kingdom 474 474 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Rotimi’s Activity 474 followers Looking forward to mentoring ambitious Nigerian Startups with The British Council in Lagos this month. Deadlines for applications are 7th June. If you are a startup based in Nigeria, this ones for you! See you there :-) with Mursal Hedayat @anthonycatt @michaelbandar @martindudek #BootcampNG https://lnkd.in/dK3b_gH Rotimi liked See all activity Experience Vice President Company Name Allenbridge Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr - Investment Advisory, research and due diligence on retail funds, primarily UK tax efficient products (VCT, EIS, SEIS and BR)- Investment Advisory on institutional funds including due diligence, manager selection and portfolio construction Co Founder Company Name Expedius Properties Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Real Estate Investments Senior Associate (FIG M&A) Company Name Ahp Partners LLP Dates Employed May 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Providing clients with advice on mergers and acquisitions in the consumer finance market, focussing on the credit card sector Executive. Corporate Finance. Company Name EY Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom Valuation & Business Modelling. Focus on banks, insurers and asset managers Strategic Insights Associate Company Name Barclays Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location London, United Kingdom Financial Modelling & Analytics with a focus on cost saving initiatives across the group See more positions Education University College London, U. of London Degree Name Economics and Statistics Grade 1st Class (Hons) Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 15 endorsements for Financial Modeling 15 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 4 of Rotimi’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 12 endorsements for Valuation 12 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Rotimi’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 12 endorsements for Finance 12 Finance Endorsed by 2 of Rotimi’s colleagues at EY Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Allenbridge 332 followers Seabury Capital 27,470 followers Greenwich Partners 13,982 followers Helios Capital Advisors Pvt Ltd 9,442 followers Jefferies 64,044 followers EJB Finance 1,014 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kazuki has a account Kazuki Nohdomi Nicola Wealth Management Nicola Wealth Management NYU Stern School of Business Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada 234 234 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Portfolio Manager Company Name Nicola Wealth Management Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Principal Company Name Point Grey Capital LLC Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location New York, NY Equity Research Analyst Company Name TIAA-CREF Dates Employed Aug 2002 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Equity research analyst and sector portfolio manager, multi-sector Japan, Asia-Pac Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests NYU Stern School of Business Alumni (Official) 29,518 members Nicola Wealth Management 839 followers Huckleberry Mines Ltd. 2,068 followers Endurance Wind Power Inc 3,997 followers NYU Stern School of Business 100,903 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,949 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christoffer has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Christoffer Gundersen, CFA Investment Banking Division at DNB Markets DNB Markets University of Bath Bath, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Investment banking professional, focussing on the offshore and E&P sectors. Previous experience in equity research. First-class degree in Finance from the University of Bath and a CFA charterholder. Highlights Experience Investment Banking Company Name DNB Markets Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Oslo Area, Norway Sectors: Oil & Gas and OffshoreProducts: Capital raising (Debt and Equity Capital Markets), M&A, strategic advisory Associate, Oil & Gas Equity Research Analyst Company Name HSBC Global Banking and Markets Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location London, United Kingdom Co-coverage of the European and US large-cap integrated oil companies: BP, Shell, Total, Exxon, Chevron, ENI, Statoil and Repsol. Also responsible for covering the oil and gas commodity markets, including global supply/demand modelling and setting the house oil and gas price assumptions. Media (4) This position has 4 media Previous Next People are almost completely ignoring a looming crisis for oil People are almost completely ignoring a looming crisis for oil This media is a link HSBC cuts targets on global integrated oil majors HSBC cuts targets on global integrated oil majors This media is a link HSBC cuts targets on global integrated oil majors HSBC cuts targets on global integrated oil majors This media is a link People are almost completely ignoring a looming crisis for oil People are almost completely ignoring a looming crisis for oil This media is a link Analyst, Equity Quantitative Strategy Company Name HSBC Global Banking and Markets Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location London Analyst on the Global Research graduate programme. Responsible for producing quantitative equity research products and services. The team provides indexation research and advisory, portfolio analytics, relative value analysis/statistical arbitrage, index futures analysis and the HSBC Climate Change indices, in addition to bespoke quantitative research. FX Strategist Company Name HSBC Global Banking and Markets Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom 14-month industrial placement. Responsible for producing fundamental and quantitative currency research, developing FX trading strategies, giving instant data reactions to the trading floor, leading morning meetings and communicating market views to external clients and sales/trading desks. Education University of Bath Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc. with honours) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Grade First Class Honours Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Berg Upper Secondary School Degree Name International Baccalaureate Field Of Study Diploma Programme Grade 42 IB points Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Higher Level subjects:English A2Norwegian A1ChemistryStandard Level subjects:MathematicsPhysicsHistory Featured Skills & Endorsements Portfolio Management See 14 endorsements for Portfolio Management 14 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Alvaro Cifuentes Gomez 9K, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christoffer’s colleagues at HSBC Global Banking and Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 13 endorsements for Investment Banking 13 Investment Banking Thu-Minh Tran and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Derivatives See 12 endorsements for Derivatives 12 Derivatives Alvaro Cifuentes Gomez 9K and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Christoffer has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder CISI Level 3 Certificate in Investments (Financial Derivatives) CISI Level 3 Certificate in Securities Christoffer has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Bokmål, Norwegian English Interests Bloomberg 1,264,556 followers ExxonMobil 923,537 followers International Baccalaureate 55,654 members Fortune Magazine 1,179,565 followers Financial Times 2,239,578 followers Bath School of Management 4,720 members See all See all following
More Actions Kimberly has a account Kimberly Alexy, CFA Public Company and Pre-IPO Board Director Alteryx The College of William and Mary - The Mason School of Business Greater San Diego Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Kimberly Alexy is a seasoned finance professional and corporate Board member. She has over 20 years of experience in capital markets, corporate finance and investments with expertise in exploring shareholder value creation strategies and executing mergers and acquisitions. She was a sell-side equity research analyst on Wall Street for nearly a decade specializing in technology stocks. Over the past 10+ years, she has been an active Board member at multiple publicly-traded and pre-IPO companies and has Chaired Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committees as well as a series of Special Committees. She is Principal at Alexy Capital Management, a private investment fund she founded in 2005. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Board of Directors Company Name Alteryx Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Irvine, CA Alteryx ("AYX") is a leading provider of self-service data analytics software. Joined pre-IPO.Chair, Nominating and Governance Committee.Member, Audit Committee. Board of Directors Company Name Microsemi Corporation Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Aliso Viejo, CA Microsemi is a $2 billion semiconductor company with solutions for the communications, data center, industrial, and aerospace & defense markets. Board of Directors Company Name FireEye, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Milpitas, CA FireEye (NASDAQ: FEYE) is a leading cyber security provider. Chair, Audit Committee.Member, Nominating and Governance Committee. Board of Directors Company Name CalAmp Corp. Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Location Irvine, CA CalAmp (NASDAQ: CAMP), is a telematics provider offering products and solutions. Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Member of the Compensation and Audit Committees throughout tenure. Board of Directors Company Name Five9 Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location San Ramon, CA Five9 (NASDAQ: FIVN) is a cloud-based contact center software provider. Joined the company pre-IPO. Member of the Audit and Compensation Committees. See more positions Education The College of William and Mary - The Mason School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, Accounting Emory University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Featured Skills & Endorsements Mergers & Acquisitions See 35 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 35 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by 3 of Kimberly’s colleagues at SouthWest Water Company Endorsed by 8 people who know Mergers & Acquisitions Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 28 endorsements for Strategy 28 Strategy Endorsed by Jaleh Daie, Ph.D. and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kimberly’s colleagues at Prudential Financial Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 18 endorsements for Start-ups 18 Start-ups Soohwan Kim, CFA and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kimberly has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Corporate Boardroom Summit Stanford Directors College Interests Board of Directors (TGL) 9,112 members VIZIO 5,663 followers Women in the Boardroom 10,156 members CalAmp 6,252 followers San Diego State University-Imperial Valley Campus 12,320 followers Big Data and Analytics 333,296 members See all See all following
More Actions Kazuki has a account Kazuki Nohdomi Nicola Wealth Management Nicola Wealth Management NYU Stern School of Business Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada 234 234 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Portfolio Manager Company Name Nicola Wealth Management Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Principal Company Name Point Grey Capital LLC Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location New York, NY Equity Research Analyst Company Name TIAA-CREF Dates Employed Aug 2002 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Equity research analyst and sector portfolio manager, multi-sector Japan, Asia-Pac Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance, Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests NYU Stern School of Business Alumni (Official) 29,518 members NYU Stern School of Business 100,903 followers NYU Alumni Association 27,425 members Endurance Wind Power Inc 3,997 followers Huckleberry Mines Ltd. 2,068 followers Nicola Wealth Management 839 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kimberly has a account Kimberly Alexy, CFA Public Company and Pre-IPO Board Director Alteryx The College of William and Mary - The Mason School of Business Greater San Diego Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Kimberly Alexy is a seasoned finance professional and corporate Board member. She has over 20 years of experience in capital markets, corporate finance and investments with expertise in exploring shareholder value creation strategies and executing mergers and acquisitions. She was a sell-side equity research analyst on Wall Street for nearly a decade specializing in technology stocks. Over the past 10+ years, she has been an active Board member at multiple publicly-traded and pre-IPO companies and has Chaired Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committees as well as a series of Special Committees. She is Principal at Alexy Capital Management, a private investment fund she founded in 2005. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Board of Directors Company Name Alteryx Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Irvine, CA Alteryx ("AYX") is a leading provider of self-service data analytics software. Joined pre-IPO.Chair, Nominating and Governance Committee.Member, Audit Committee. Board of Directors Company Name Microsemi Corporation Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Aliso Viejo, CA Microsemi is a $2 billion semiconductor company with solutions for the communications, data center, industrial, and aerospace & defense markets. Board of Directors Company Name FireEye, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Milpitas, CA FireEye (NASDAQ: FEYE) is a leading cyber security provider. Chair, Audit Committee.Member, Nominating and Governance Committee. Board of Directors Company Name CalAmp Corp. Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Location Irvine, CA CalAmp (NASDAQ: CAMP), is a telematics provider offering products and solutions. Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Member of the Compensation and Audit Committees throughout tenure. Board of Directors Company Name Five9 Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location San Ramon, CA Five9 (NASDAQ: FIVN) is a cloud-based contact center software provider. Joined the company pre-IPO. Member of the Audit and Compensation Committees. See more positions Education The College of William and Mary - The Mason School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, Accounting Emory University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Featured Skills & Endorsements Mergers & Acquisitions See 35 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 35 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by 3 of Kimberly’s colleagues at SouthWest Water Company Endorsed by 8 people who know Mergers & Acquisitions Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 28 endorsements for Strategy 28 Strategy Endorsed by Jaleh Daie, Ph.D. and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kimberly’s colleagues at Prudential Financial Click and drag to reorder skills Start-ups See 18 endorsements for Start-ups 18 Start-ups Soohwan Kim, CFA and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kimberly has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Corporate Boardroom Summit Stanford Directors College Interests Microsemi Corporation 36,333 followers Five9 8,004 followers San Diego State University-Imperial Valley Campus 12,269 followers VIZIO 5,663 followers San Diego State University-Imperial Valley Campus 12,320 followers CalAmp 6,252 followers See all See all following
More Actions SUMAIR has a account SUMAIR IQBAL CFA Level 1 Passed Cedar Capital (Pvt) Ltd. CFA Institute Pakistan 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Eager for acquire a gratifying career within Financing and be part of an increasing corporation that offers complicated atmosphere as well as chances intended for growth. The career target would be to have a complicated managerial place so as to rise towards top amounts of operations in order to increase the career growth, as a result of steady worth addition. I wish to grow to be a component of a new intensifying organization where my understanding in addition to learning be applied, not only intended for my own benefit but in addition for reaching company’s. Core Competencies  Punctuality  Hard work  Interpersonal skills  Meeting deadlines  Work can under pressure environment  Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power Point)  Energetic  Enthusiastic  Can perform as a team leader  Financial Modeling. (Prepared for calculate the target price of PSO Dec 15) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow SUMAIR’S Articles & Activity 5,099 followers #PSX #KSE-100 (15th June 2017) SUMAIR IQBAL on LinkedIn See 14 more articles Read ANY one research report of Bain & Co., and you ll instantly improve your writing style. Guaranteed. I have compiled their language style with the interpretation. First part released. Simply comment Yes to receive further details. I ll share (free). SUMAIR commented Hi All, I need guidance if anyone can put in the valuable suggestions I have done ACCA but wish to broaden my qualification by adding in more certification courses in the field of finance,supply chain or any other alike. Any suggestions which is the most demanding qualification and are they available online ? Thanks :) SUMAIR replied to a comment #PSX #KSE-100 (15th June 2017) - Snapshot SUMAIR shared this See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Cedar Capital (Pvt) Ltd. Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Financial Analyst Company Name Fiverr Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Pakistan Treasury Analyst Company Name Dadex Eternit Limited Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Karachi, Pakistan Accounts Officer Company Name Dadex Eternit Limited Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Worked in a Treasury Department Responsible for managing funds in order to meet short term obligations and place excess funds to minimize the cost of borrowing. In addition to these responsibilities performed other responsibilities such as reconcile bank in a timely manner to eradicate all the temporary differences between book balances and bank balances and so on .. i.e. Rate negotiation with bank Treasury for Import payments, Pay orders for customs duties.Worked on a exchange rate hedging whether it's feasible for the organization to mitigate the exchange rate risk or not, while exchange rate risk increased due to weak economy performance. Education CFA Institute Degree Name CFA Level 1 Field Of Study Financial Analysis, Portfolio Management & Equity Investments Grade Passed Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Iqra University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Grade CGPA 3.21 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Patticipated in Global CFA Research Challenge Completed courses including Electives (Security and Portfolio Management, Analysis of Financial Statement and Treasury and Funds Management). Media (1) This position has 1 media IU Courses Confirmation Letter0001.pdf IU Courses Confirmation Letter0001.pdf This media is a document Islamia College Arts and commerce Degree Name Bechelor in commerce Field Of Study Business/Commerce, General Grade 2nd Division Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Cricket Volunteer Experience Research Participant Company Name CFA Institute Dates volunteered Nov 2015 – Jan 2016 Volunteer duration 3 mos Cause Education Participated in a 8th Global research Challenge hosted by a CFA Society Pakistan. Prepared a Financial Model of Pakistan State Oil (PSO) as a target company. Prepared a financial model for PSO to calculate the target price Dec 15, gained a lot of experience by participation in this research challenge. Featured Skills & Endorsements Team Management See 57 endorsements for Team Management 57 Team Management Endorsed by Mariya G.K., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of SUMAIR’S colleagues at Dadex Eternit Limited Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 38 endorsements for Financial Accounting 38 Financial Accounting Endorsed by Mahmood Sadiq and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of SUMAIR’S colleagues at Dadex Eternit Limited Click and drag to reorder skills Internal Audit See 29 endorsements for Internal Audit 29 Internal Audit Endorsed by 5 of SUMAIR’S colleagues at Dadex Eternit Limited Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Shehla Hussain Finance Professional - Agha Steel Industries April 16, 2017, SUMAIR worked with Shehla in the same group Sumair Iqbal has ability to become a key team member of any organization; he is Passionate, Focused and very much Committed towards the vision of his career. He is capable enough to solve multiple tasks within time frame I wish him best of luck for his career and all his future endeavors. Shehla Hussain Finance Professional - Agha Steel Industries April 10, 2017, Shehla worked with SUMAIR in the same group Shehla Hussain is a highly organized, goal oriented, and hard working professional who is always ready to put all her energy and stamina to get the job done. She is well educated, disciplined, energetic, progressive and is able to work in a fast-paced environment. It’s been a great experience by working together with Shehla Hussain. Accomplishments SUMAIR has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Accounting for Manager Analysis of Financial Statement Cost and Management Accounting Finance for Manager Financial Management Policy Quantitative Technique of Analysis Secuirty and Portfolio Analysis Treasury and Funds Managment SUMAIR has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications CFA Level 1 CFA Research Challenge 2016 SUMAIR has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Urdu SUMAIR has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Portfolio Interests Private Equity Investment Group | PrivateEquity.com 184,458 members Finance and Investment Management 27,722 members Alyah Auditing Accountants 5,063 followers Insight Securities (Pvt.) Limited 209 followers International Industries Limited 2,609 followers QEWC - Qatar Electricity and Water Company 5,984 followers See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Krohley Financial Advisor, Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. St. John's University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail As an Ameriprise financial advisor, I believe success should be measured not just by your financial well-being, but by how confident you feel about your future. My mission is to help you reach your financial goals through a personal relationship based on personalized, knowledgeable advice. This focus is designed to help you reach your goals, giving you greater confidence. Whether you're looking for investment strategies, retirement income, funding for your child's education, or estate or tax planning strategies, we'll work with you on your terms. We offer a broad range of financial products and services in. We also offer flexibility in the way you work with us: online, with the help of an advisor, or both. The choice is yours. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Financial Advisor Company Name Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Jericho, NY Provide investment advisory and financial planning services to individuals and institutions with a special focus on doctors, dentists, small business owners and executives of both public and privately held companies. Investment Advisor / Financial Planner Company Name AXA Advisors Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Woodbury, NY Provided investment advisory, trading and financial planning services to clients which included affluent and high net worth individuals, small business owners, corporations, non profits and endowments. Various Positions Company Name AXA Equitable Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location New York, NY Partnered with financial advisors of AXA Advisors to help them grow and manage their client base and assets under managementProvided illustrations/proposals and answers to technical questions covering various financial planning and investment advisory topics, as well as recommendations on which investment advisory, insurance and annuity products best meet their client's needsActed as the subject matter expert for: client profiling, investment policy statements, asset allocation strategy, investment manager searches and recommendations, buy side fixed income trading, option trading, concentrated equity solutions, lending solutions, etc. Investment Consulting Analyst Company Name Bear Stearns Dates Employed Jul 2004 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 9 mos Location New York, NY Partnered with Bear Stearn's advisors to provide investment advisory research, analysis and recommendations to their ultra high net worth and institutional clients.Responsibilities included: Maintaining and updating asset allocation models, providing investment manager searches and recommendations, analyzing prospective clients assets at the asset allocation, fund and individual security levels, utilizing Monte Carlo simulations, conducting and participating in due diligence meetings, performing stress testing of asset allocation models, collaborating with product managers to provide holistic planning services to client's such as addressing needs/issues such as: charitable planning, estate planning, concentrated equity positions, private equity holdings, restricted stock, employee stock options, etc. Financial Advisor Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed May 2002 – Jun 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Provided investment advisory, trading and financial planning services to individuals and institutions. See more positions Education St. John's University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Finance Activities and Societies: Economics and Finance Society, Student Managed Investment Fund Skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (1) Amy Colton, MBA Director, Chief of Staff, Chief Sales Office April 14, 2011, Amy worked with Richard in different groups Richard Krohley is a very astute investment specialist, and was always willing to go the extra mile to get things done. Ada Galvez, ChFC®, CLU® Product Management Director at USAA March 13, 2011, Richard worked with Ada in the same group Richard is a knowledgable professional in tune with clients needs and wants. A team player, always there to provide insight and contribute to the group to make sure we delivered top of the line service to Agents and clients. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Elizabeth V. Senior Relationship Manager, Account Manager, Client Account Executive June 30, 2010, Richard and Elizabeth were students together During my time at St. John's, I had several finance classes with Elizabeth. Within those classes, her and I worked on several group projects and papers together. She is a great team player who is well organized and thoughful. In addition, she is not afraid to take the lead if needed. I enjoyed my time working with her and would recommend her in almost any situation. Accomplishments Richard has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Life & Health Insurance Agent: NY, FL Series 63 Series 65 Series 7 Richard has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Disclosure Interests Business Succession Planning Group 5,447 members Municipal Bond Forum 10,283 members Russell Investments 28,368 followers CFP Professionals 5,509 members Private Wealth Management 100,214 members Insurance premium financing 86 members See all See all following
More Actions Sebastian has a account Sebastian Grimberg Financial Analyst Tzur Management Universidad Torcuato di Tella Israel 467 467 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Account Manager Company Name Tzur Management Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Israel Analyst Company Name Private Investment Fund Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Buenos Aires Fundamental analysis on small and mid-cap companies. Contributor Company Name EMIS Insights Dates Employed May 2016 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Reports on Argentina's Banking and Insurance sectors. Equity Research Analyst Company Name CRISIL Global Research & Analytics Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Argentina Quantitative research on fundamentals and transactions of large cap companies. Education Universidad Torcuato di Tella Degree Name Bachelor of Business Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 The George Washington University Degree Name International exchange program Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2011 Skills Microsoft Office Microsoft Office Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel Click and drag to reorder skills Inglés Inglés Click and drag to reorder skills Finanzas Finanzas Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Universidad Torcuato Di Tella 20,624 followers QlikView 38,981 members The George Washington University 189,448 followers Tzur Management 141 followers FINANCE JOBS 78,344 members Latam Israel Tech 244 members See all See all following
More Actions Elyssa has a account Elyssa Kaplan Associate at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Tulane University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Leveraged Finance Sales Highlights Experience Leveraged Finance Sales Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Summer Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Education Tulane University Degree Name BSM, Honors Program Field Of Study Finance Grade 3.9 Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Vice President of Freeman Investment Management Association (FIMA), Burkenroad Reports Equity Research Analyst, Darwin Fenner Student Managed Fund Stock Analyst, Dean's List (all semesters), Presidential Scholar Award Academic Scholarship, Alpha Kappa Psi Business Fraternity, Alpha Epsilon Phi Sorority, Junior Achievement Teaching Volunteer, Habitat for Humanity New Orleans Volunteer, Microsoft Excel Certified Application Specialist, Microsoft Access Certified Application Specialist Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Tulane Energy Club 473 members Tulane Venture Community 1,343 members Tulane University 74,922 followers Goldman Sachs 809,559 followers Tulane University 78,936 followers Finance Club 1,037,799 members See all See all following
More Actions Brad has a account Brad Mook, CFA Director, Manager Research at SEI SEI Investments CAIA & IMCA Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Senior investment professional with significant equity research experience, including due diligence and selection of both equity managers and individual stocks. Currently responsible for leading SEI's manager research efforts, having previously managed SEI's $6 billion multi-manager portfolios in the small/mid cap equity space. Possess a unique skill set developed over two decades, including five years in manager research and 15 years as a sell-side analyst. Served as director of research at multiple sell-side boutiques and won the Wall Street Journal’s Best on the Street award for stock selection in software. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Manager Research Company Name SEI Investments Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Oaks, PA Lead equity manager due diligence and selection for SEI’s funds management and separate account businesses. Portfolio Manager, US Small/Mid Cap Equity Company Name SEI Investments Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Oaks, PA • Responsible for the management of SEI’s $6 billion small-cap, small/mid cap, mid-cap and real estate mutual funds and separate account offering. • Presented fund strategy, positioning and performance to mutual fund board, internal marketing channels and external clients.• Oversaw research, selection and monitoring of underlying equity managers. Senior Investment Analyst, US Small/Mid Cap Equity Company Name SEI Investments Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Oaks, PA • Conducted due diligence on roughly 250 investment managers in the small-cap, small/mid-cap, mid-cap and REIT universes, including quantitative and fundamental managers in the value, core and growth styles.• Performed qualitative and quantitative analysis on managers considered for funding within SEI's small/mid cap mutual funds. • Wrote investment theses recommending the addition or removal of sub-advisors and presented recommendations to the internal oversight committee and the mutual fund board.• Responsible for monitoring activities for roughly 25 funded sub-advisors, including quarterly calls and annual onsite meetings. Equity Research Analyst Company Name MKM Partners, LLC Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Senior sell-side equity research analyst responsible for providing proprietary research and investment recommendations on publicly traded software-as-a-service (SaaS) companies to the firm's institutional clients. Director of Research & Analyst Company Name Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2005 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location West Conshohocken, PA Senior sell-side equity research analyst responsible for providing proprietary research and investment recommendations on small-cap software companies to the firm's institutional investors and retail distribution. Promoted to Director of Research in 2007. See more positions Education CAIA & IMCA Degree Name Fundamentals of Alternative Investments Certificate Program Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 CFA Institute (formerly AIMR) Degree Name Chartered Financial Analyst Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 Williams College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Political Economy Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Activities and Societies: Williams Rugby Football Club, Williams Octet See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brad has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Panelist, Financial Research Associates' Sub-Advised Funds Forum Panelist, Financial Research Associates' Sub-Advised Funds Forum Panelist, AIMSE Annual Marketing & Sales Conference Interests SEI 18,215 followers Advanced Investment Partners 31 followers Williams College 24,387 followers Inc. Magazine 1,636,486 followers Palisade Capital Management 323 followers CFA Institute Members 69,519 members See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Hall Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations at MetLife MetLife Rutgers Graduate School of Management Greater New York City Area 311 311 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Vice President Company Name MetLife Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location New York, NY Head of Investor Relations Managing Director Company Name Wells Fargo Securities Dates Employed Aug 2005 – May 2016 Employment Duration 10 yrs 10 mos Group Head of Insurance Equity Research Senior Vice President Company Name Prudential Securities Dates Employed 1999 – 2005 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Senior Insurance Equity Research Analyst Vice President Company Name Alex Brown & Sons Dates Employed 1996 – 1999 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Baltimore, Maryland Area Senior Insurance Equity Research Analyst Vice President Company Name Northington Partners Dates Employed 1993 – 1996 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Avon, Connecticut Insurance Equity Research Analyst See more positions Education Rutgers Graduate School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-New Brunswick Degree Name BS Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements Capital Markets See 5 endorsements for Capital Markets 5 Capital Markets Elyse Greenspan, CFA and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Elyse Greenspan, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Insurance See 5 endorsements for Insurance 5 Insurance Endorsed by Elyse Greenspan, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests MetLife 284,061 followers Rutgers University 303,124 followers Wells Fargo 569,449 followers Rutgers University 267,981 followers Rutgers Business School 27,919 followers Rutgers Business School 24,308 followers
More Actions Dustin has a account Dustin Brumbaugh, CFA Financial Advisor, The Tschetter Group, D.A. Davidson & Co. D.A. Davidson Companies University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President, Financial Advisor Company Name D.A. Davidson Companies Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Bellevue, Washington Board Member Company Name Agros International Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Vice Chairman—Jan 2011 to Dec 2011 Finance Committee Chair—Jan 2006 to Dec 2010Agros is a Seattle-based, non-profit organization that works with poor, landless farmers in Central America and Mexico. Agros extends loans to purchase farmland and partners with farmers in applying sustainable agricultural practices, all in the goal of enabling these families to create, develop, and eventually own their own sustainable village. SVP, Director of IIG Research Company Name D.A. Davidson & Co. Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location seattle, wa SVP, Director of Research Company Name E.K. Riley Investments Dates Employed Apr 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Led and advanced all aspects of the firm’s equity research effort. Held primary responsibility for formulating and communicating the firm’s opinion on broad equity market and specific recommendations for client portfolios, managing the firm’s Equity Focus List, and successfully managing and developing the team and operation of the research effort. VP, Equity Research Analyst Company Name Ragen MacKenzie/Wells Fargo Investments Dates Employed May 2006 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Played key role in providing equity recommendations on $4-$5 billion in client assets through a rigorous fundamentals-based investment approach in a primarily value-contrarian style; personally responsible for client position sizes up to $100 million on individual recommendations. Firmly established role as a generalist, covering financial services, energy, utilities, information technology, and industrials. Ensured the quality and integrity of research product as supervisory analyst from 2008 through 2010. See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name BA - Business Administration Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 2 endorsements for Investments 2 Investments Endorsed by 3 of Dustin’s colleagues at Agros International Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 2 endorsements for Portfolio Management 2 Portfolio Management Endorsed by 4 of Dustin’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 2 endorsements for Equities 2 Equities Endorsed by 4 of Dustin’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests TED Conferences 5,511,618 followers WIRED 1,077,628 followers Friends of Agros International 74 members Agros International 2,462 followers D.A. Davidson Companies 9,269 followers University of Washington 358,099 followers See all See all following
More Actions Katie has a account Katie Pease Smith, CFA Global Equity Analyst Institutional Capital LLC Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Experienced global equity analyst with exceptional analytical, communication and relationship-building skills. Knowledge base and experience fits well with client or communications oriented position, such as consultant or investor relations, client service or product specialist roles. With my comprehensive understanding of the financial markets, I am able to think strategically and to engage clients, leading to outperformance and success. Key strengths: Well-rounded Equity analyst having covered multiple sectors across multiple regions; Strong communication and relationship-building skills, interacting with clients/prospects in meetings as well as building long lasting relationships with C-suite management teams and Wall Street analysts. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Executive Vice President, Global Equity Research Analyst Company Name Institutional Capital LLC Dates Employed Dec 1995 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 20 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Global Equity analyst for the Mainstay ICAP funds (averaging $15 billion in assets; large-cap value focus) with stock selection responsibility for the Global Capital Spending sector (including defense & aerospace, multi-industry, electrical equipment and machinery) and Global Consumer Durables sector (auto & auto parts and building products) within North America, Europe and Asia. I also had stock selection responsibility for European & U.S Retail sectors from 2000 to 2009, including hardlines, broadlines, specialty apparel and food & drugstores. Of the 10-person analyst team, I had the 2nd best stock selection attribution over a 5 year period (2011-2015). I formally presented buy/sell/hold stock recommendations, countering questions as well as articulating my opinion on other analyst ideas in a round-table, team approach. I actively participated in client and prospect meetings, detailing my sector outlooks and portfolio selections. I developed superior communication skills through direct probing of C-suite management teams, writing internal reports, presenting stock ideas and interacting with clients. Personal Trust, Investment Assistant Company Name American National Bank & Trust Dates Employed Jun 1994 – Dec 1995 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Assigned to Head of Investments with responsibility for portfolio monitoring and client servicing.Helped to prepare and present investment reviews to clients, as well as to discuss investment goals. Education Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 ● Majors in Finance and Management Strategy● Completed degree while working full-time. Georgetown University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), Cum Laude Major: Government, International Relations concentration. Minor: English.● Worked part-time 3 of 4 years; Volunteer for The McLaughlin Group; Best Buddies Mentor. Volunteer Experience Active volunteer Company Name Christ Church Parish, Winnetka, IL Dates volunteered Jun 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 1 mo Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 17 endorsements for Equities 17 Equities Endorsed by Kain Cederberg and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Katie’s colleagues at Institutional Capital LLC. Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 12 endorsements for Equity Research 12 Equity Research Endorsed by 5 of Katie’s colleagues at Institutional Capital LLC. Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 10 endorsements for Portfolio Management 10 Portfolio Management Endorsed by 8 of Katie’s colleagues at Institutional Capital LLC. Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Janet Asbury Now hiring Pilates Instructors and fitness sales professionals! March 4, 2008, Katie was a client of Janet’s Extremely professional + high quality work Accomplishments Katie has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Katie has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization CFA Society of Chicago Interests Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,289 followers Investment Management and Portfolio Analytics 32,667 members Arianna HuffingtonArianna Huffington is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Thrive Global 5,394,318 followers Financial Times 2,239,589 followers Liz RyanLiz Ryan is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO, Human Workplace; Author, "Reinvention Roadmap" 2,246,938 followers Family Offices and Institutional Investors 10,568 members See all See all following
More Actions Diane has a account Diane Daggatt, CFA Senior Vice President, Financial Advisor at RW Baird & Co. RW Baird & Co. Washington State University - College of Business and Economics Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Diane has closely guided high net worth individuals, corporate executives and families through many market cycles, led by a thorough understanding of their unique situations and an unwavering commitment to keep their best interests first. With a wealth of experience over 25 years, from research analyst, venture capitalist, managing director of institutional sales and investment banking, to portfolio management. She is passionate about equities, Northwest companies, and investing with a home court advantage. An avid tennis player, she serves on the Board of Trustees for the Seattle Tennis Club (STC) and its 401-K, having previously chaired the Finance committee and the Strategic Policy & Planning Committee. She also serves on the Investment Committee of College Spark Washington. Additionally, she is one of Seattle’s stock pickers who participate in the Guess the Dow luncheon and foundation at the Metropolitan Grill. She is also a GeekWire member. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Vice President, Financial Advisor Company Name RW Baird & Co. Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area Diane handles portfolio strategy, investment selection, modeling, and trading for The Daggatt Walker Group. She enjoys building relationships with clients and meeting with prospects. Managing Director of Investment Banking & PM of Capital Management Company Name McAdams Wright Ragen Dates Employed May 2003 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 11 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Served public and private companies in the Technology and Consumer sectors. Uniquely qualified to structure and communicate sophisticated solutions for client companies in mergers and acquisitions, capital raisings, and stock buyback engagements. Led the largest N.A. yacht manufacturer, Westport (WSI), in its acquisition by the Chouest family of companies. Managing Director, Equity Institutional Sales Company Name McAdams Wright Ragen Dates Employed May 2003 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 9 yrs 4 mos Largest independent regional brokerage firm covering Pacific Northwest stocks. Covering institutional accounts across the country. Managed the institutional desk. Director, Investment Analyst Company Name Paul Allen's Vulcan Inc. Dates Employed Jul 1998 – Nov 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Responsible for new media, e-commerce, traditional consumer and retailing investments. Led private equity investments including Priceline (PCLN), Blue Nile (NILE), Stamps.com (STMP), etc. Board member of Oxygen Media, Go2Net acquired by InfoSpace, etc. Vice President, Equity Research Analyst Company Name RBC Dain Rauscher Dates Employed 1996 – 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs Recommended branded consumer and retailing stocks of premier companies based in the Northwest including Starbucks, Costco, Nordstrom, Nike, Eagle Hardware. Education Washington State University - College of Business and Economics Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 44 endorsements for Investments 44 Investments Endorsed by David Readerman, CFA and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Diane’s colleagues at McAdams Wright Ragen Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 39 endorsements for Equities 39 Equities Endorsed by David Readerman, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Diane’s colleagues at McAdams Wright Ragen Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 26 endorsements for Portfolio Management 26 Portfolio Management Eric Swergold and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Baj Kochar Portfolio Manager at Kochar Capital January 1, 2015, Baj was a client of Diane’s I worked with Diane when she worked in institutional sales and covered Primecap Management Company. She was the only institutional salesperson I knew who performed primary research by attending companies' annual meetings. She was, quite literally, the first person to communicate the famous Kindle and e-book adoption chart Jeff Bezos presented at Amazon's 2008 annual meeting and strongly recommended Amazon when it was a $40 stock. She is smart, humble, and confident, but not arrogant. She is constantly looking for great investment ideas for her clients, and I have enjoyed working with her and exchanging ideas for the last ten years. Baj Kochar Portfolio Manager at Kochar Capital January 31, 2015, Diane worked with Baj but at different companies I covered Baj when he was at Primecap and I was running the institutional desk at McAdams Wright Ragen (now R.W. Baird). Baj is bright, approachable, and a great listener for catalysts and analyzing stock ideas. He often picks up on nuances before the rest of the Street, which gives him an advantage of buying the stock early on before the investment idea becomes popular. Amazon (AMZN) and Tesla (TSLA) are two good examples of this. I always enjoy comparing notes and ideas with him. Accomplishments Diane has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Vulcan Capital Management 354 followers CFA Society Seattle 816 members Jennison Associates LLC 1,549 followers Washington State University 140,267 followers Vulcan Inc. 12,805 followers Bill GrossBill Gross is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO of Idealab 328,595 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ajit has a account Ajit Ketkar Portfolio Manager / Senior Analyst, Global Real Estate Securities at AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Seasoned buy-side equity research analyst and portfolio manager with substantial prior experience in management consulting and banking across US, Europe, and Asia. Track record of top-quartile investment performance over the long term and across various sectors. Currently, PM for Global Real Estate Securities with direct coverage of North American REITs and Lodging stocks. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Portfolio Manager / Senior Analyst, Global Real Estate Securities Company Name AllianceBernstein Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Sector Leader, Global Financials Company Name AllianceBernstein Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Managed Financials sector sleeve of Global and International portfolios. Senior Analyst, Financials & Industrials Company Name AllianceBernstein Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Fundamental equity research analyst covering Financials and Industrials sectors Research Analyst, Financials Company Name AllianceBernstein Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Fundamental equity research analyst covering Financials sector First Vice President, Retail Distribution Strategy Company Name Washington Mutual Bank Dates Employed Mar 2005 – Mar 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area See more positions Education The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance & Strategic Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Co-Chair, Small Business Consulting Group Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta Degree Name PGDM Field Of Study Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Teaching Assistant, Operations Research Victoria Jubilee Technical Institute (VJTI) Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Activities and Societies: IEEE See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 20 endorsements for Strategy 20 Strategy Endorsed by Michael Gordon and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Ajit’s colleagues at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Management Consulting See 14 endorsements for Management Consulting 14 Management Consulting Endorsed by Rakesh Vaidyanathan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ajit’s colleagues at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 11 endorsements for Financial Modeling 11 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Ajit’s colleagues at AB Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ajit has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Marathi Portuguese Ajit has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Real Estate Blog: "REITs Review: Looking Beyond the Price Tag"​ Real Estate Blog: "REITs and Rates: Dancing to Different Beats"​ Interests Ray DalioRay Dalio is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & Chief Investment Officer at Bridgewater Associates, L.P. 280,877 followers The University of Chicago 126,644 followers Larry FinkLarry Fink is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO at BlackRock 550,053 followers University of Mumbai 482,245 followers The University of Chicago Booth School of Business 84,298 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,789 followers See all See all following
More Actions Perry has a account Perry Traquina Director at Morgan Stanley, eBay & Allstate Allstate Harvard Business School Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I worked for 34 years (1980 - 2014) at Wellington Management Company LLP as an equity research analyst, portfolio manager, director of research, President, CEO, Managing Partner, and Chairman. At year-end 2014, I withdrew from the Wellington Partnership and am no longer affiliated with the firm. I continue to work as a trustee with non-profits and have joined the Allstate, eBay, and Morgan Stanley boards. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director Company Name Allstate Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Northbrook, IL Director Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location New York, NY Director Company Name eBay Inc Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location San Jose, CA Former (retired) Chairman & CEO Company Name Wellington Management Company LLP Dates Employed 1980 – 2014 Employment Duration 34 yrs Location Greater Boston Area CEO - 2004 to 2014Managing Partner - 2004 - 2014President - 2002 - 2012Director, Global Industry Research - 1998 - 2002Global Industry Analyst, Technology Sector - 1980 - 1998Partner - 1989 to 2014 Media (1) This position has 1 media TraquinaResume2014LinkedIn TraquinaResume2014LinkedIn This media is a document Former (Retired) Chairman & CEO, Company Name WELLINGTON MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLP Dates Employed 1980 – 2014 Employment Duration 34 yrs Education Harvard Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1980 Brandeis University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics and American Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 1974 – 1978 Activities and Societies: Summa cum Laude, with Highest Honors in Economics; Phi Beta Kappa London School of Economics and Political Science, U. of London Degree Name General Course Student Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1977 Junior Year Abroad Featured Skills & Endorsements Asset Management See 21 endorsements for Asset Management 21 Asset Management Endorsed by Carl Baldwin and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Perry’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 16 endorsements for Hedge Funds 16 Hedge Funds Betsy DuHamel and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Management See 14 endorsements for Investment Management 14 Investment Management Louis Giglio and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Perry has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Perry has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Financial Analyst Interests James CitrinJames Citrin is a LinkedIn Influencer Leader, CEO Practice at Spencer Stuart and Author, The Career Playbook 802,091 followers Brandeis University 45,993 followers Brandeis University 42,850 followers The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) 236,083 followers Wellington Management 24,923 followers Morgan Stanley 590,766 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christoffer has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Christoffer Gundersen, CFA Investment Banking Division at DNB Markets DNB Markets University of Bath Bath, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Investment banking professional, focussing on the offshore and E&P sectors. Previous experience in equity research. First-class degree in Finance from the University of Bath and a CFA charterholder. Highlights Experience Investment Banking Company Name DNB Markets Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Oslo Area, Norway Sectors: Oil & Gas and OffshoreProducts: Capital raising (Debt and Equity Capital Markets), M&A, strategic advisory Associate, Oil & Gas Equity Research Analyst Company Name HSBC Global Banking and Markets Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location London, United Kingdom Co-coverage of the European and US large-cap integrated oil companies: BP, Shell, Total, Exxon, Chevron, ENI, Statoil and Repsol. Also responsible for covering the oil and gas commodity markets, including global supply/demand modelling and setting the house oil and gas price assumptions. Media (4) This position has 4 media Previous Next People are almost completely ignoring a looming crisis for oil People are almost completely ignoring a looming crisis for oil This media is a link HSBC cuts targets on global integrated oil majors HSBC cuts targets on global integrated oil majors This media is a link HSBC cuts targets on global integrated oil majors HSBC cuts targets on global integrated oil majors This media is a link People are almost completely ignoring a looming crisis for oil People are almost completely ignoring a looming crisis for oil This media is a link Analyst, Equity Quantitative Strategy Company Name HSBC Global Banking and Markets Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location London Analyst on the Global Research graduate programme. Responsible for producing quantitative equity research products and services. The team provides indexation research and advisory, portfolio analytics, relative value analysis/statistical arbitrage, index futures analysis and the HSBC Climate Change indices, in addition to bespoke quantitative research. FX Strategist Company Name HSBC Global Banking and Markets Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom 14-month industrial placement. Responsible for producing fundamental and quantitative currency research, developing FX trading strategies, giving instant data reactions to the trading floor, leading morning meetings and communicating market views to external clients and sales/trading desks. Education University of Bath Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc. with honours) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Grade First Class Honours Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Berg Upper Secondary School Degree Name International Baccalaureate Field Of Study Diploma Programme Grade 42 IB points Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Higher Level subjects:English A2Norwegian A1ChemistryStandard Level subjects:MathematicsPhysicsHistory Featured Skills & Endorsements Portfolio Management See 14 endorsements for Portfolio Management 14 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Alvaro Cifuentes Gomez 9K, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christoffer’s colleagues at HSBC Global Banking and Markets Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 13 endorsements for Investment Banking 13 Investment Banking Thu-Minh Tran and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Derivatives See 12 endorsements for Derivatives 12 Derivatives Alvaro Cifuentes Gomez 9K and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Christoffer has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder CISI Level 3 Certificate in Investments (Financial Derivatives) CISI Level 3 Certificate in Securities Christoffer has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Bokmål, Norwegian English Interests Harvard Business School 336,939 followers Fortune Magazine 1,179,567 followers Chevron 1,293,951 followers CFA Program Candidates 215,082 members BP 1,404,114 followers Repsol 210,950 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brad has a account Brad Mook, CFA Director, Manager Research at SEI SEI Investments CAIA & IMCA Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Senior investment professional with significant equity research experience, including due diligence and selection of both equity managers and individual stocks. Currently responsible for leading SEI's manager research efforts, having previously managed SEI's $6 billion multi-manager portfolios in the small/mid cap equity space. Possess a unique skill set developed over two decades, including five years in manager research and 15 years as a sell-side analyst. Served as director of research at multiple sell-side boutiques and won the Wall Street Journal’s Best on the Street award for stock selection in software. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Manager Research Company Name SEI Investments Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Oaks, PA Lead equity manager due diligence and selection for SEI’s funds management and separate account businesses. Portfolio Manager, US Small/Mid Cap Equity Company Name SEI Investments Dates Employed Jan 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Oaks, PA • Responsible for the management of SEI’s $6 billion small-cap, small/mid cap, mid-cap and real estate mutual funds and separate account offering. • Presented fund strategy, positioning and performance to mutual fund board, internal marketing channels and external clients.• Oversaw research, selection and monitoring of underlying equity managers. Senior Investment Analyst, US Small/Mid Cap Equity Company Name SEI Investments Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Oaks, PA • Conducted due diligence on roughly 250 investment managers in the small-cap, small/mid-cap, mid-cap and REIT universes, including quantitative and fundamental managers in the value, core and growth styles.• Performed qualitative and quantitative analysis on managers considered for funding within SEI's small/mid cap mutual funds. • Wrote investment theses recommending the addition or removal of sub-advisors and presented recommendations to the internal oversight committee and the mutual fund board.• Responsible for monitoring activities for roughly 25 funded sub-advisors, including quarterly calls and annual onsite meetings. Equity Research Analyst Company Name MKM Partners, LLC Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Senior sell-side equity research analyst responsible for providing proprietary research and investment recommendations on publicly traded software-as-a-service (SaaS) companies to the firm's institutional clients. Director of Research & Analyst Company Name Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2005 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location West Conshohocken, PA Senior sell-side equity research analyst responsible for providing proprietary research and investment recommendations on small-cap software companies to the firm's institutional investors and retail distribution. Promoted to Director of Research in 2007. See more positions Education CAIA & IMCA Degree Name Fundamentals of Alternative Investments Certificate Program Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 CFA Institute (formerly AIMR) Degree Name Chartered Financial Analyst Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 Williams College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Political Economy Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Activities and Societies: Williams Rugby Football Club, Williams Octet See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brad has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Panelist, Financial Research Associates' Sub-Advised Funds Forum Panelist, Financial Research Associates' Sub-Advised Funds Forum Panelist, AIMSE Annual Marketing & Sales Conference Interests DGHM & Co., LLC 197 followers Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,289 followers SEI Advisor Network 257 followers Wellington Management 24,923 followers LMCG Investments 931 followers Los Angeles Capital Management and Equity Research, Inc. 1,109 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ajit has a account Ajit Ketkar Portfolio Manager / Senior Analyst, Global Real Estate Securities at AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Seasoned buy-side equity research analyst and portfolio manager with substantial prior experience in management consulting and banking across US, Europe, and Asia. Track record of top-quartile investment performance over the long term and across various sectors. Currently, PM for Global Real Estate Securities with direct coverage of North American REITs and Lodging stocks. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Portfolio Manager / Senior Analyst, Global Real Estate Securities Company Name AllianceBernstein Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Sector Leader, Global Financials Company Name AllianceBernstein Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Managed Financials sector sleeve of Global and International portfolios. Senior Analyst, Financials & Industrials Company Name AllianceBernstein Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location Greater New York City Area Fundamental equity research analyst covering Financials and Industrials sectors Research Analyst, Financials Company Name AllianceBernstein Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Fundamental equity research analyst covering Financials sector First Vice President, Retail Distribution Strategy Company Name Washington Mutual Bank Dates Employed Mar 2005 – Mar 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area See more positions Education The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance & Strategic Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Co-Chair, Small Business Consulting Group Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta Degree Name PGDM Field Of Study Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Teaching Assistant, Operations Research Victoria Jubilee Technical Institute (VJTI) Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Activities and Societies: IEEE See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 20 endorsements for Strategy 20 Strategy Endorsed by Michael Gordon and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Ajit’s colleagues at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Management Consulting See 14 endorsements for Management Consulting 14 Management Consulting Endorsed by Rakesh Vaidyanathan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ajit’s colleagues at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 11 endorsements for Financial Modeling 11 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Ajit’s colleagues at AB Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ajit has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Marathi Portuguese Ajit has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Real Estate Blog: "REITs Review: Looking Beyond the Price Tag"​ Real Estate Blog: "REITs and Rates: Dancing to Different Beats"​ Interests Dhiraj RajaramDhiraj Rajaram is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Mu Sigma 30,152 followers University of Mumbai 482,245 followers Larry FinkLarry Fink is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO at BlackRock 550,053 followers AB 31,551 followers The University of Chicago 117,304 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,789 followers See all See all following
More Actions Perry has a account Perry Traquina Director at Morgan Stanley, eBay & Allstate Allstate Harvard Business School Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I worked for 34 years (1980 - 2014) at Wellington Management Company LLP as an equity research analyst, portfolio manager, director of research, President, CEO, Managing Partner, and Chairman. At year-end 2014, I withdrew from the Wellington Partnership and am no longer affiliated with the firm. I continue to work as a trustee with non-profits and have joined the Allstate, eBay, and Morgan Stanley boards. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director Company Name Allstate Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Northbrook, IL Director Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location New York, NY Director Company Name eBay Inc Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location San Jose, CA Former (retired) Chairman & CEO Company Name Wellington Management Company LLP Dates Employed 1980 – 2014 Employment Duration 34 yrs Location Greater Boston Area CEO - 2004 to 2014Managing Partner - 2004 - 2014President - 2002 - 2012Director, Global Industry Research - 1998 - 2002Global Industry Analyst, Technology Sector - 1980 - 1998Partner - 1989 to 2014 Media (1) This position has 1 media TraquinaResume2014LinkedIn TraquinaResume2014LinkedIn This media is a document Former (Retired) Chairman & CEO, Company Name WELLINGTON MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLP Dates Employed 1980 – 2014 Employment Duration 34 yrs Education Harvard Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1978 – 1980 Brandeis University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics and American Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 1974 – 1978 Activities and Societies: Summa cum Laude, with Highest Honors in Economics; Phi Beta Kappa London School of Economics and Political Science, U. of London Degree Name General Course Student Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1977 Junior Year Abroad Featured Skills & Endorsements Asset Management See 21 endorsements for Asset Management 21 Asset Management Endorsed by Carl Baldwin and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Perry’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 16 endorsements for Hedge Funds 16 Hedge Funds Betsy DuHamel and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Management See 14 endorsements for Investment Management 14 Investment Management Louis Giglio and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Perry has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Perry has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Financial Analyst Interests James CitrinJames Citrin is a LinkedIn Influencer Leader, CEO Practice at Spencer Stuart and Author, The Career Playbook 802,091 followers The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) 272,639 followers eBay 277,302 followers Wellington Management 24,923 followers Chairman of the Board (TGL) 6,513 members Chief Executive Officer (TGL) 23,789 members See all See all following
More Actions Cooper has a account Cooper McGuire COO at Ensogo Limited (ASX:E88) Ensogo University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Singapore 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Cooper McGuire is a serial company-builder with a strong conviction that scaling from start-up to market leader requires not only a great idea and great people, but efficient systems and processes to support superior execution day in and day out. Cooper currently serves as the COO of Ensogo Limited, a company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX:E88), where his primary focus is managing the liquidation of the company's subsidiaries across 7 jurisdictions in South East Asia. Prior to joining Ensogo, Cooper co-founded ZALORA Group, Asia-Pacific's leading group of online fashion destinations where he served as CFO. Before launching ZALORA Group, Cooper helped build the corporate finance and planning function at Viet Thai International, one of Vietnam’s largest consumer marketing and multi-unit retailers. He began his career at Goldman Sachs in New York City as an equity research analyst covering the Specialty Finance and Insurance sectors. Cooper graduated as a Robertson Scholar from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and Duke University with a degree in International Studies focusing on Global Economics, Trade, & Development. Specialties: Financial & Operational Analysis, Corporate Strategy, Corporate Finance, Business Planning, Process & Systems Optimization, Emerging Market Management, Business Scaling, E-Commerce, Legal & Tax Structuring, Risk Managment, Bankruptcy, Liquidation, Intellectual Property See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Cooper’s Activity 2,713 followers This is going to change the entire grocery category in the US. Cooper shared this See all activity Experience Chief Operating Officer Company Name Ensogo Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Singapore Investor & Advisor Company Name iCommerce Asia Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Singapore iCommerce Asia is an emerging leader in the integrated supply chain solutions space helping partners across South East Asia manage their freight and logistics needs, with a special focus on cross-border solutions for ecommerce marketplace vendors and platforms. Co-Founder, CFO & Managing Director Company Name ZALORA Group Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Singapore Co-Founder, CFO and Managing Director of ZALORA Group, Asia Pacific’s leading group of online fashion destinations with responsibility for core infrastructure including corporate finance, finance and accounting, business intelligence, legal and human resources. • Successfully scaled company from pre-launch to the region’s largest fashion e-commerce company with 2500+ employees in 13 countries, over 3.5m customers, and run rate gross merchandise value of $275m p.a.• Raised over $360m from global blue-chip investors including Rocket Internet, JP Morgan Asset Management, Kinnevik, Access Industries and Summit Partners • Guided company through ultimate merger with Global Fashion Group, the largest emerging market, fashion-focused e-commerce conglomerate operating across 4 continents and 28 countries. Group Manager, Corporate Finance & Planning Company Name Viet Thai International Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam VTI is one of the largest consumer marketing and multi-unit retail operators in Vietnam.• Finance Manager for Vietnam’s largest branded F&B retailer including Highlands Coffee, Pho 24 and Hard Rock Café franchise in Indochina, Hong Kong, Macau and Southern China• Responsible for streamlining and improving tax and legal structure, budget process and controls, cash management, financial and operational reporting, and cash flow planning• Primary controller for $50mm operating budget and $9mm capital budget • Managed collaboration between cross-functional team spanning accounting, operations, real estate, construction, marketing, business development, and information technology Corporate Strategy & Finance Associate Company Name Viet Thai International Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam VTI is one of the largest consumer marketing and multi-unit retail operators in Vietnam.• Member of 3-person team responsible for capital planning and strategic acquisitions across multiple business units including food and beverage, consumer apparel, and FMCG distribution• Helped execute transformational F&B joint venture with Jollibee Foods Corporation • Deal team member on company’s first-ever acquisition of Pho 24, the 2nd largest branded F&B retailer in Vietnam• Created investor pitch materials and managed due diligence during company’s largest ever capital raise ($70mm) See more positions Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Degree Name BA Field Of Study International Studies, (Concentration in Global Economics, Trade, & Development) Grade Summa Cum Laude & Phi Beta Kappa Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Robertson Scholars, UNC Student Government Duke University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Robertson Scholar Grade Summa Cum Laude & Phi Beta Kappa Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Center for Documentary Studies, Robertson Scholars Cate School Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Volunteer Experience Alumni Council Member Company Name Robertson Scholars Leadership Program Dates volunteered Oct 2013 – Oct 2015 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Cause Education Class Agent Company Name Cate School Dates volunteered Jun 2004 – Present Volunteer duration 13 yrs 1 mo Cause Education Featured Skills & Endorsements Start-ups See 61 endorsements for Start-ups 61 Start-ups Endorsed by Jean Claude Donato and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Cooper’s colleagues at ZALORA Group Click and drag to reorder skills Entrepreneurship See 37 endorsements for Entrepreneurship 37 Entrepreneurship Endorsed by Franck Nazikian and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Cooper’s colleagues at ZALORA Group Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy See 28 endorsements for Business Strategy 28 Business Strategy Endorsed by 8 of Cooper’s colleagues at ZALORA Group Endorsed by 7 people who know Business Strategy Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Chek Wee, FOO Talent Partner, SEA & Taiwan - Transforming how HR delivers business value December 10, 2015, Cooper worked with Chek Wee, in the same group Intellectually stimulating is the phrase that comes to mind when I think about Cooper. I've had the pleasure of knowing Cooper since I joined ZALORA to manage the HR function, during which I work closely with Cooper in rolling out initiatives that enable ZALORA to be a better place to work. Throughout my engagement with Cooper, he has demonstrated rigor in thinking, fairness and consistency in dealing with the issues at hand. Above all, I was impressed with Cooper's ability to articulate his valued stand in a manner that enable every stakeholder to be clear on what is at stake and what needs to be done. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Cooper has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Cooper has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award VC Deal of the Year Cooper has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Asia’s Digital Disruption: How technology is driving consumer engagement in the world’s most exciting markets Interests Goldman Sachs Alumni Networking Group 20,679 members Ensogo 12,025 followers E-Commerce Network 220,046 members Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,943,253 followers Duke University 150,787 followers Backcountry.com 17,975 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dustin has a account Dustin Brumbaugh, CFA Financial Advisor, The Tschetter Group, D.A. Davidson & Co. D.A. Davidson Companies University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President, Financial Advisor Company Name D.A. Davidson Companies Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Bellevue, Washington Board Member Company Name Agros International Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 1 mo Vice Chairman—Jan 2011 to Dec 2011 Finance Committee Chair—Jan 2006 to Dec 2010Agros is a Seattle-based, non-profit organization that works with poor, landless farmers in Central America and Mexico. Agros extends loans to purchase farmland and partners with farmers in applying sustainable agricultural practices, all in the goal of enabling these families to create, develop, and eventually own their own sustainable village. SVP, Director of IIG Research Company Name D.A. Davidson & Co. Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location seattle, wa SVP, Director of Research Company Name E.K. Riley Investments Dates Employed Apr 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Led and advanced all aspects of the firm’s equity research effort. Held primary responsibility for formulating and communicating the firm’s opinion on broad equity market and specific recommendations for client portfolios, managing the firm’s Equity Focus List, and successfully managing and developing the team and operation of the research effort. VP, Equity Research Analyst Company Name Ragen MacKenzie/Wells Fargo Investments Dates Employed May 2006 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Played key role in providing equity recommendations on $4-$5 billion in client assets through a rigorous fundamentals-based investment approach in a primarily value-contrarian style; personally responsible for client position sizes up to $100 million on individual recommendations. Firmly established role as a generalist, covering financial services, energy, utilities, information technology, and industrials. Ensured the quality and integrity of research product as supervisory analyst from 2008 through 2010. See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name BA - Business Administration Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 2 endorsements for Investments 2 Investments Endorsed by 3 of Dustin’s colleagues at Agros International Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 2 endorsements for Portfolio Management 2 Portfolio Management Endorsed by 4 of Dustin’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 2 endorsements for Equities 2 Equities Endorsed by 4 of Dustin’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests WIRED 1,077,630 followers Agros International 2,462 followers TED Conferences 5,511,624 followers University of Washington 358,099 followers CFA Society Seattle 816 members Friends of Agros International 74 members See all See all following
More Actions Katie has a account Katie Pease Smith, CFA Global Equity Analyst Institutional Capital LLC Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Experienced global equity analyst with exceptional analytical, communication and relationship-building skills. Knowledge base and experience fits well with client or communications oriented position, such as consultant or investor relations, client service or product specialist roles. With my comprehensive understanding of the financial markets, I am able to think strategically and to engage clients, leading to outperformance and success. Key strengths: Well-rounded Equity analyst having covered multiple sectors across multiple regions; Strong communication and relationship-building skills, interacting with clients/prospects in meetings as well as building long lasting relationships with C-suite management teams and Wall Street analysts. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Executive Vice President, Global Equity Research Analyst Company Name Institutional Capital LLC Dates Employed Dec 1995 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 20 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Global Equity analyst for the Mainstay ICAP funds (averaging $15 billion in assets; large-cap value focus) with stock selection responsibility for the Global Capital Spending sector (including defense & aerospace, multi-industry, electrical equipment and machinery) and Global Consumer Durables sector (auto & auto parts and building products) within North America, Europe and Asia. I also had stock selection responsibility for European & U.S Retail sectors from 2000 to 2009, including hardlines, broadlines, specialty apparel and food & drugstores. Of the 10-person analyst team, I had the 2nd best stock selection attribution over a 5 year period (2011-2015). I formally presented buy/sell/hold stock recommendations, countering questions as well as articulating my opinion on other analyst ideas in a round-table, team approach. I actively participated in client and prospect meetings, detailing my sector outlooks and portfolio selections. I developed superior communication skills through direct probing of C-suite management teams, writing internal reports, presenting stock ideas and interacting with clients. Personal Trust, Investment Assistant Company Name American National Bank & Trust Dates Employed Jun 1994 – Dec 1995 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Assigned to Head of Investments with responsibility for portfolio monitoring and client servicing.Helped to prepare and present investment reviews to clients, as well as to discuss investment goals. Education Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 ● Majors in Finance and Management Strategy● Completed degree while working full-time. Georgetown University Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), Cum Laude Major: Government, International Relations concentration. Minor: English.● Worked part-time 3 of 4 years; Volunteer for The McLaughlin Group; Best Buddies Mentor. Volunteer Experience Active volunteer Company Name Christ Church Parish, Winnetka, IL Dates volunteered Jun 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 1 mo Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 17 endorsements for Equities 17 Equities Endorsed by Kain Cederberg and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Katie’s colleagues at Institutional Capital LLC. Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 12 endorsements for Equity Research 12 Equity Research Endorsed by 5 of Katie’s colleagues at Institutional Capital LLC. Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 10 endorsements for Portfolio Management 10 Portfolio Management Endorsed by 8 of Katie’s colleagues at Institutional Capital LLC. Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Janet Asbury Now hiring Pilates Instructors and fitness sales professionals! March 4, 2008, Katie was a client of Janet’s Extremely professional + high quality work Accomplishments Katie has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Katie has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization CFA Society of Chicago Interests Mark MobiusMark Mobius is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, Templeton Emerging Markets Group at Franklin Templeton Investments 412,992 followers Liz RyanLiz Ryan is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO, Human Workplace; Author, "Reinvention Roadmap" 2,246,942 followers Family Offices and Institutional Investors 10,568 members Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,289 followers The Economist 4,116,815 followers Defense & Aerospace 155,057 members See all See all following
More Actions Chirag has a account Chirag Kothary Junior at the University of Maryland--Robert H. Smith School of Business Seventy2 Capital Wealth Management--Wells Fargo Financial Advisors University of Maryland - Robert H. Smith School of Business Dayton, New Jersey 212 212 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Wealth Management Intern Company Name Seventy2 Capital Wealth Management--Wells Fargo Financial Advisors Dates Employed Jan 2017 – May 2017 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Bethesda, MD • Accurately ran Morningstar portfolio analysis reports to reference during client meetings and used various financial planning tools• Generated new business opportunities for the firm through client/prospect programs and initiatives• Recognized for collaborating and leading my team to first place in a stock trading competition that was monitored by supervisors to evaluate interns understanding and ability to analyze the financial markets Equity Research Analyst Company Name Romero Capital Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area • Worked closely with portfolio manager to review investment ideas; perform due diligence, industry and company research• Listened to company’s earning calls, read SEC filings and management presentations to generate investment thesis• Built detailed, three statement financial models with supporting schedules and spread industry comps to perform company valuations including discounted cash flow, leveraged buyout and comparable trading valuation• Wrote equity research reports with investment recommendations on MaxLinear, Under Armour and Raytheon Accounting Intern Company Name Berlin Ramos & Company Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Rockville, MD • Worked closely with senior partners to prepare and reconcile ~20 Washington D.C Personal Property Tax Returns while practicing specific capitalization policies related to Washington D.C; completed business valuations to generate 2016 amortization schedules • Conducted research on mutual funds and bonds and completed investment breakdowns for clients to assist in preliminary testing for the audit department to increase efficiency during the tax season • Assigned to billable client projects that involved creating spreadsheets in Excel and utilizing QuickBooks to categorize payments and deposits for clients to ultimately produce trial balances while adjusting corresponding journal entries Education University of Maryland - Robert H. Smith School of Business Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Finance Grade Junior Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2019 Activities and Societies: CIVICUS Living and Learning Program, Finance, Banking & Investment Society, Ernst & Young Global Mindset Consulting Colloquium, Junior Wall Street Fellows, Kappa Alpha Order Fraternity Volunteer Experience Associate Company Name CIVICUS Living & Learning Program Dates volunteered Aug 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 11 mos •Invited to join a two year, academic citation program focused on multidimensional student leadership that emphasizes 5 themes of civility: citizenship, leadership, community service learning, community building in a diverse society and scholarship •Volunteer to provide service for five charity organizations throughout the semester to aid in the fight against poverty Featured Skills & Endorsements Time Management See 2 endorsements for Time Management 2 Time Management Ryan Bhattacharyya and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Office 1 Microsoft Office Huy Vu has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 1 endorsement for Leadership 1 Leadership Huy Vu has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chirag has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests Finance, Banking & Investment Society (UMD) 146 members Fortress Investment Group 16,866 followers Credit Suisse 453,194 followers InvestmentBank.com 64 followers Alpha Group Holdings 776 followers CIVICUS Living and Learning Program 164 members See all See all following
More Actions Diane has a account Diane Daggatt, CFA Senior Vice President, Financial Advisor at RW Baird & Co. RW Baird & Co. Washington State University - College of Business and Economics Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Diane has closely guided high net worth individuals, corporate executives and families through many market cycles, led by a thorough understanding of their unique situations and an unwavering commitment to keep their best interests first. With a wealth of experience over 25 years, from research analyst, venture capitalist, managing director of institutional sales and investment banking, to portfolio management. She is passionate about equities, Northwest companies, and investing with a home court advantage. An avid tennis player, she serves on the Board of Trustees for the Seattle Tennis Club (STC) and its 401-K, having previously chaired the Finance committee and the Strategic Policy & Planning Committee. She also serves on the Investment Committee of College Spark Washington. Additionally, she is one of Seattle’s stock pickers who participate in the Guess the Dow luncheon and foundation at the Metropolitan Grill. She is also a GeekWire member. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Vice President, Financial Advisor Company Name RW Baird & Co. Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area Diane handles portfolio strategy, investment selection, modeling, and trading for The Daggatt Walker Group. She enjoys building relationships with clients and meeting with prospects. Managing Director of Investment Banking & PM of Capital Management Company Name McAdams Wright Ragen Dates Employed May 2003 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 11 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Served public and private companies in the Technology and Consumer sectors. Uniquely qualified to structure and communicate sophisticated solutions for client companies in mergers and acquisitions, capital raisings, and stock buyback engagements. Led the largest N.A. yacht manufacturer, Westport (WSI), in its acquisition by the Chouest family of companies. Managing Director, Equity Institutional Sales Company Name McAdams Wright Ragen Dates Employed May 2003 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 9 yrs 4 mos Largest independent regional brokerage firm covering Pacific Northwest stocks. Covering institutional accounts across the country. Managed the institutional desk. Director, Investment Analyst Company Name Paul Allen's Vulcan Inc. Dates Employed Jul 1998 – Nov 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Responsible for new media, e-commerce, traditional consumer and retailing investments. Led private equity investments including Priceline (PCLN), Blue Nile (NILE), Stamps.com (STMP), etc. Board member of Oxygen Media, Go2Net acquired by InfoSpace, etc. Vice President, Equity Research Analyst Company Name RBC Dain Rauscher Dates Employed 1996 – 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs Recommended branded consumer and retailing stocks of premier companies based in the Northwest including Starbucks, Costco, Nordstrom, Nike, Eagle Hardware. Education Washington State University - College of Business and Economics Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 44 endorsements for Investments 44 Investments Endorsed by David Readerman, CFA and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Diane’s colleagues at McAdams Wright Ragen Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 39 endorsements for Equities 39 Equities Endorsed by David Readerman, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Diane’s colleagues at McAdams Wright Ragen Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 26 endorsements for Portfolio Management 26 Portfolio Management Eric Swergold and 25 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Baj Kochar Portfolio Manager at Kochar Capital January 1, 2015, Baj was a client of Diane’s I worked with Diane when she worked in institutional sales and covered Primecap Management Company. She was the only institutional salesperson I knew who performed primary research by attending companies' annual meetings. She was, quite literally, the first person to communicate the famous Kindle and e-book adoption chart Jeff Bezos presented at Amazon's 2008 annual meeting and strongly recommended Amazon when it was a $40 stock. She is smart, humble, and confident, but not arrogant. She is constantly looking for great investment ideas for her clients, and I have enjoyed working with her and exchanging ideas for the last ten years. Baj Kochar Portfolio Manager at Kochar Capital January 31, 2015, Diane worked with Baj but at different companies I covered Baj when he was at Primecap and I was running the institutional desk at McAdams Wright Ragen (now R.W. Baird). Baj is bright, approachable, and a great listener for catalysts and analyzing stock ideas. He often picks up on nuances before the rest of the Street, which gives him an advantage of buying the stock early on before the investment idea becomes popular. Amazon (AMZN) and Tesla (TSLA) are two good examples of this. I always enjoy comparing notes and ideas with him. Accomplishments Diane has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,789 followers Microsoft 3,760,085 followers Bill GrossBill Gross is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO of Idealab 328,595 followers Davis Wright Tremaine LLP 4,281 followers CFA Society Seattle 816 members DJ PatilDJ Patil is a LinkedIn Influencer Former U.S. Chief Data Scientist; built & run product teams @ LinkedIn etc; done a bunch of security and some data too 480,940 followers See all See all following
More Actions Catriona has a account Catriona Fallon Chief Financial Officer Silver Spring Networks Harvard Business School San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Finance and strategy executive focused on driving performance and maximizing value. Highlights Follow Follow Catriona’s Activity 2,239 followers We're all set for the #datasummitdublin. Come say hi! Booth A8 Catriona liked See all activity Experience CFO Company Name Silver Spring Networks Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Jose, CA EVP and CFO Company Name Marin Software Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs VP Finance and Chief of Staff to the CFO Company Name Cognizant Technology Solutions Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Teaneck, NJ We’re a global leader in business and technology services, helping our clients bring the future of work to life — today.Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.), Cognizant combines a passion for client satisfaction, technology innovation, deep industry and business process expertise, and a global, collaborative workforce that embodies the future of work. With over 50 delivery centers worldwide and approximately 164,300 employees as of June 30, 2013, Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 2000, and the Fortune 500 and is ranked among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.#1 Fortune’s All Star List of Fastest Growing Companies#12 Forbes Fast Tech 25#13 Newsweek’s 2012 Green Rankings#352 Fortune 500#419 Financial Times 500#820 Forbes Global 2000 Vice President, Strategy & Financial Planning, Worldwide Marketing Company Name Hewlett-Packard Dates Employed 2012 – 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Palo Alto, CA Transformed the annual financial planning & budgeting process for a ~$1.5B+ budget and a ~2,000 person organization; Developed the annual and long-term marketing strategy to support HP’s ~$110B annual revenue in alignment with HP corporate objective, furthering HP business units’ strategies and financial targets.• Ran a “zero-based” planning process, detailing measurement methodology and contingency plans. • Influenced, developed and operationalized the investment prioritization strategy based on business objectives, revenue opportunity, and margin and marketing responsiveness.• Led a team of strategy and operations personnel and managed external consultants in execution of pan-marketing initiatives across global business units, Finance and HR.• Spearheaded “Marketing 2.0”, driving the vision, aligning the leadership team and ensuring accountability.• Optimized the Marketing organization to gain efficiencies, develop talent, and improve employee engagement; created efficiencies in marketing’s global staffing models across businesses and geographies.• Developed strategies for specific business needs (e.g. growth, media mix, segments, Centers of Excellence). Director, Finance & Investor Relations Company Name Hewlett-Packard Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Palo Alto, CA Trusted advisor to HP CFO and management team on capital allocation strategy, investor perception, financial guidance and decision making, including interactions with activist investors and the HP Board of Directors; Voice of HP at investor conferences, in bus tours, and in one-on-one meetings with global investors; Created CFO messaging, earnings press releases, Q&A documents for analyst days and earnings calls.• Ranked #1 Investor Relations team for the hardware sector by Institutional Investor Magazine; managed investor communications under four CEO’s (i.e. M Hurd, C. Lesjak, L. Apotheker, and M. Whitman).• Managed Investor Relations for six acquisitions, including 3PAR and $11B acquisition of Autonomy.• Collaborated with top executives to articulate company strategy for the annual Securities Analyst Meeting.• Worked with Treasury Department in raising debt and driving improvement in cash conversion cycle.• HP Global Citizenship Council – managed human rights inquiries, contributed to Global Citizenship Report. See more positions Education Harvard Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study General Management Activities and Societies: Elected V.P. Management Consulting Club, President HBS Boat Club, Section Volunteer Coordinator, High Tech New Media Club. UCLA Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Activities and Societies: Deans Honor List. Founding President, UCLA Rowing Club. Received UCLA Athletic Department Scholastic Achievement Award and Pac-10 Scholastic Honors. Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 102 endorsements for Strategy 99+ Strategy Endorsed by Jay Allardyce and 24 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Catriona’s colleagues at Marin Software Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 52 endorsements for Management 52 Management Endorsed by Jim Ganthier and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Catriona’s colleagues at Marin Software Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 43 endorsements for Financial Modeling 43 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Manish Goyal, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Catriona’s colleagues at Marin Software Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Catriona has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Learning American Sign Language Interests The Executive and Leadership Forum 336 members David EdelmanDavid Edelman is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Marketing Officer at Aetna 1,100,098 followers Citi Alumni 84,254 members Francisco D'SouzaFrancisco D&#39;Souza is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Cognizant Technology Solutions 303,615 followers Adweek 750,453 followers The CFO Leadership Council of San Francisco 109 members See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Connerly Director of Quantitative Research at Boston Partners Global Investors Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc. Columbia University - Columbia Business School Boston, Massachusetts 173 173 connections Send InMail * Equity investment professional with extensive experience. Fundamental value suffuses analytical work in global equity, long/short, risk arbitrage and quantitative research. Have started products and managed teams of over 20. Specialties: Financial Services, Energy, Technology, Transportation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Quantitative Research Company Name Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Boston Director of Research Company Name Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Boston Equity Research Analyst Company Name Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 1998 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 10 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Boston Area Research coverage of energy, financial services and technology sectors globally.Co-founded long-short equity limited partnership.Ran merger arbitrage strategy. Equity Analyst Company Name John Hancock Investments Dates Employed Jun 1997 – Feb 1998 Employment Duration 9 mos Selected securities for Small Cap Value and Large Cap Value Mutual Fund. Senior Equity Analyst Company Name SEI Investments Dates Employed Jun 1993 – Aug 1996 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Oversaw Small Cap Growth FundStarted and oversaw Small Cap Value Fund Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Investment Management, Security Analysis Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1998 Activities and Societies: President, Investment Management Club Investment Management - Value InvestingFinancial Executives International AwardDean's List Georgetown University Degree Name BSFS Field Of Study Development Economics Grade Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Track & Cross Country Library Supervisor Graduated with honors in EconomicsConcentration in greater china development, econometrics and health care. Volunteer Experience Member, Cable Advisory Committee Company Name Town of Hingham Dates volunteered Apr 2007 – Present Volunteer duration 10 yrs 3 mos Cause Politics Negotiate cable franchise agreements.Set up three cable television channels for the town. Coach Company Name Hingham Youth Soccer Dates volunteered Sep 2006 – Present Volunteer duration 10 yrs 10 mos Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 10 endorsements for Equities 10 Equities Endorsed by Brent Erensel and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Eric’s colleagues at Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 5 endorsements for Hedge Funds 5 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Mike Kelly, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 3 endorsements for Capital Markets 3 Capital Markets Dan Hassan and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Eric has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Eric has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Eric has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization CFA Institute Interests Georgetown University 140,187 followers Big Data and Analytics 333,296 members QWAFAFEW Quantitative Investment Society 9,526 members Columbia Business School 74,054 followers Robeco 53,050 followers Northfield Information Services 453 followers See all See all following
More Actions Oleg has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Oleg Babanov Senior Strategist - Emerging Markets Equity Research - BCA Research BCA Research University College London, U. of London London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Oleg’s Articles & Activity 2,874 followers INDIAN PHARMA PAIR TRADE Oleg Babanov on LinkedIn See 15 more articles INDIAN PHARMA PAIR TRADE Oleg shared this TAKING PARTIAL PROFITS: WEIBO (WB US) Oleg shared this SHORT-TERM TRADE IDEA: ALIBABA (BABA US) Oleg shared this See all activity Experience Senior Strategist Emerging Markets Equity Research Company Name BCA Research Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom Strategist Emerging Markets Equity Research Company Name BCA Research Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom Emerging Markets Equity Research Equity Research Analyst EMEA Company Name City of London Investment Management Company Ltd Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location London Oil & Gas Research Analyst EMEA Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 5 mos Location London, United Kingdom Research and analysis of European integrated Oil & Gas and E&P majors. Equity Research Analyst, Russia and CIS Company Name Bloomberg LP Dates Employed 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location London, United Kingdom Research of companies in Russia, Kazakhstan and Ukraine with focus on oil & gas, metals & mining and banking industries. See more positions Education University College London, U. of London Degree Name MA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Royal Holloway, University of London Degree Name BSc Field Of Study Economics and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Universität zu Köln Degree Name Diploma Field Of Study Volkswirtschaftslehre Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Portfolio Management See 11 endorsements for Portfolio Management 11 Portfolio Management Endorsed by 2 of Oleg’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Emerging Markets See 10 endorsements for Emerging Markets 10 Emerging Markets Endorsed by Michael Hart, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Oleg’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 7 endorsements for Analysis 7 Analysis Martin Yu and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Oleg has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages German Russian Interests Capital Markets Russia & CIS 5,290 members Royal Holloway, University of London 52,364 followers University of Cologne 47,746 followers UCL 166,982 followers Fortune Magazine 1,179,568 followers Tom KeeneTom Keene is a LinkedIn Influencer Bloomberg Surveillance: TV then Radio 192,570 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew Zunckel, CFA Equity Analyst at Mvunonala Holdings Mvunonala Holdings Financial Services Board Johannesburg Area, South Africa 391 391 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name Mvunonala Holdings Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Responsibilities include generating new ideas for the portfolio as well performing maintenance research on stocks within the portfolio falling under my coverage. The investment team is relatively small, therefore my coverage list is large, with most of the general industrial sectors on the All Share Index falling under my responsibility. Financial Accountant Company Name VAST Networks Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Cape Town Area, South Africa Due to a restraint of trade restricting me from working in asset management, I joined Vast as a Financial Accountant on a contract basis, filling in for a Chartered Accountant on maternity leave. I utilised the opportunity to increase my accounting knowledge and gain further experience in a pressure environment as the Company went through financial year end. Equity Analyst Company Name Oasis Group Holdings (SA) Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Cape Town Area, South Africa Responsible for maintaining coverage of both local and global equities. Primary sectors falling under my coverage included the South African food producers, construction, packaging and electrical and engineering sectors, as well as the home builders and mail delivery sectors in the UK. Education Financial Services Board Degree Name RE 5 Exam Field Of Study Regulatory Grade 78% Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2017 FAIS representative exam (RE 5) University of South Africa/Universiteit van Suid-Afrika Field Of Study Management Accounting 1 Grade Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 University of Cape Town Degree Name Bachelor of Business Science Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 See more education Volunteer Experience Coach Company Name Fish Hoek Tennis Club Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Jun 2010 Volunteer duration 6 mos Cause Children Coached underprivileged children in tennis weekly in Ocean View, Cape Town. Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 1 endorsement for Equities 1 Equities Faiza Mallick has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 1 endorsement for Equity Valuation 1 Equity Valuation Faiza Mallick has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 5 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 5 Microsoft Excel Kamal Salasa and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Viresh Maharaj CA(SA) | PwC South Africa May 12, 2011, Viresh and Matthew were students together Matthew is a hard-working, dependable, responsible and reliable student who has the ability to prioritise and manage his work-load and produces work of a high quality. I have been at the University of Cape Town from 2008 - present (2011). hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Matthew has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests William De VijlderWilliam De Vijlder is a LinkedIn Influencer Group Chief Economist BNP Paribas, Senior Lecturer Ghent University 822,690 followers Denise MorrisonDenise Morrison is a LinkedIn Influencer President & CEO at Campbell Soup Company 86,498 followers Merchantec Capital 7,485 followers Jesse ToprakJesse Toprak is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO, CarHub.com 98,595 followers Dan SankerDan Sanker is a LinkedIn Influencer President & CEO at CaseStack, Inc. 321,639 followers Banking Careers 625,922 members See all See all following
More Actions CA Maulik has a account CA Maulik Shah (Equity Research Analyst) Ventura Securities Ltd The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 193 193 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow CA Maulik’s Activity 192 followers GST Coming From July 1, Important facts About GST Invoice CA Maulik liked I am into real estate let me know if you have investors... Or I am into banking let me know if you have investors Or I am into interiors let me know if you have investors Seriously are people giving business to such ridiculous messages I receive an average of 20 such stupid messages Dear sender please understand Y should i let you know if I have investors atleast introduce yourself or your achievement or atleast share a detail of what you do Grow up people CA Maulik liked World’s Largest Professional Network | LinkedIn CA Maulik shared this See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Ventura Securities Ltd Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Assistant Manager Finance Company Name Flemingo International Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Mumbai, Maharashtra, India -Part of the team working on setting up system of accounts and finance for newly acquired business of DFS (Mumbai Duty Free Operations) by Flemingo International.-Had done Financial Modelling for the organisation as was required for applying for tender of Colombo Airport- Part of the Company's team understanding Business Intelligence Software for future implementation at organisation and attending seminars on same at Dubai Taxation Intern Company Name Shah and Savla Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Mumbai Area, India An intern under renowned Consultant CA Ashit Shah (Partner of the firm) in Field of Service TaxHave worked on forming opinions towards applicability of Service Tax Provisions and Cenvat Credit Rules Thereafter gained experience for a year in field of Direct Taxes in order to gain exposure and understand taxation from varied anglesThereby have carried out work relating to Scrutiny viz, compilation, attending hearing and further carrying out filing of Tax ReturnsFurther have assisted counsellor in ITAT on several occasions Education The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India Degree Name Chartered Accountancy Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Cleared entire course in First Attempt National Institute of Securities Markets (NISM) Degree Name NISM Series XV Research Analyst Certification Field Of Study Equity Research Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2017 R A Podar College of Commerce & Economics Matunga Mumbai 400 019 Degree Name Graduated as Bachelor Field Of Study Business/Commerce, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Activities and Societies: An active member of Group Discussions and Debate Cell Led College Class as CR for Intra Fest and were Victorious for the year See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Taxations Taxations No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership Leadership No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Business Business No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments CA Maulik has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Chief Member of Intern Committee CR of intra Fest Competition Head of Student Council Institution topper at Board Exams Mr Dominic Savio High School CA Maulik has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Accountant CA Maulik has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Chartered Accountant Interests Bain Digital 7,148 followers The Wharton School 158,697 followers SoftBank Group 13,601 followers Jeff DenneenJeff Denneen is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at Bain & Company 48,533 followers KPMG 594,905 followers Mahesh MurthyMahesh Murthy is a LinkedIn Influencer Marketer, Investor, Board Director, Unapologetically Opinionated. Founder, Pinstorm; Co-founder, Seedfund 259,664 followers See all See all following
More Actions Priyan has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Priyan Tudawe MBA candidate focused on corporate finance and strategy Enterprise Ceylon Capital (Private) Limited Georgetown University Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Specialties: Equity Research Analysis, Microsoft Office Suite and Customer Service Highlights Experience Assistant Vice President Company Name Enterprise Ceylon Capital (Private) Limited Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Level 27, East Tower, World Trade Centre, Echelon Square, Colombo 1 • Persuaded retail and institutional clients to invest by pitching key selling points of 5 coverage companies in the diversified and banking sectors, generating trading activity from retail and institutional investors.• Developed an initiation report and built a complex financial model for a listed Sri Lankan conglomerate, incorporating a sum-of-the-parts valuation methodology to derive a target price and formulate a recommendation.• Prepared reporting structure for 294 equities to track foreign transactions and identify potential price movements.• Conducted primary research by interacting with company executives during an investor forum. Developed value-added earnings review note for a domestic bank by incorporating company insight to develop accurate forecasts. Assistant Finance Manager Company Name Tudawe Brothers (Private) Limited Dates Employed May 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location 505/2, Elvitigala Mawatha, Colombo 5, Sri Lanka • Developed project-specific cost and cash flow reports, conducting detailed variance analysis and providing status updates to the Finance Manager, reducing overhead costs and maintaining profit margins.• Managed investment portfolio held under Lawrence Tudawe Management Services (Private) Ltd, monitoring performance of both quoted and unquoted companies, maximizing portfolio return. Associate Vice President Company Name Moody's Analytics Knowledge Services Dates Employed Jul 2012 – May 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Level 32, West Tower, World Trade Centre, Echelon Square, Colombo 1 • Improved financial analysis skills by undergoing Equity Analyst Training Program, which covers primary areas such as assessing industry attractiveness, financial modeling, equity valuation techniques and investment note writing.• Created financial models for companies operating in the retail and real estate sectors by forecasting financial statements using revenue and cost drivers and applying discounted cash flow, economic value added, and relative valuation methodologies to develop a target price.• Contributed to research activities in developing investment notes such as earnings previews, reviews, and initiation and deal reports on European real estate companies, providing value added information for sell-side analysts in a leading European financial institution.• Developed an automated MS Excel application by writing a VBA code to gather data from multiple spreadsheets into a single spreadsheet, improving efficiency and data accuracy.• Upgraded real estate models by automating rental drivers for acquisitions, developments, and disposals, incorporating MS Excel worksheet functions such as Match, Index, Offset, Nested IF, and Sum IF. Business Development Intern Company Name Oikocredit USA Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Washington, DC 20035, USA • Developed fact sheets as a marketing strategy to increase sales by providing investors and advisors information regarding key social and financial data. • Created report structures in MS Excel to measure sales performance and analyze investment sales data for MicroPlace, Inc. and Calvert Social Investment Foundation. • Created reports to summarize financial data, discover emerging trends, identify investor exit risk and evaluate investor targeting channels.• Tracked leads and opportunities, running reports, creating tasks and updating investor information in Salesforce database. Equity Research Analyst Intern Company Name Blue Point Investment Management, LLC Dates Employed Feb 2011 – May 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location 722 Dulaney Valley Road # 330 Towson, Maryland 21204 • Researched and developed reports on domestic and international companies in industries such as financial, machinery, airline, pharmaceutical, automotive, energy, and agricultural, using SEC filings.• Analyzed financial and industry profiles including risk factors, stock performance, trends, ownership and management structure, and competitive landscape.• Attended numerous events and seminars sponsored by the Baltimore Chartered Financial Analyst Society (BCFAS) to gain additional experience and insight into industry best practices. See more positions Education Georgetown University Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2018 Towson University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Beta Gamma Sigma, Golden Key International Honour Society, The National Society of Collegiate Scholars, National Residence Hall Honorary, The LeaderShape Institute, e-Business Association Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 7 endorsements for Financial Analysis 7 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Lakshan De Silva, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Priyan’s colleagues at Moody's Analytics Knowledge Services Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 3 endorsements for Financial Modeling 3 Financial Modeling sajid suhile and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 3 endorsements for Corporate Finance 3 Corporate Finance Oshan Tudawe and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests BRIC Markets & Banking Club 29,318 members Georgetown University 140,187 followers Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business 20,845 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,789 followers Investment Banking JobWire 13,523 members The Motley Fool 149,922 followers See all See all following
More Actions Doris has a account Doris Wang Senior analyst at Manulife Asset Management Manulife Asset Management ZHAW(Switzerland) Hong Kong 255 255 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior analyst Company Name Manulife Asset Management Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Hong Kong I am an senior equity research analyst in Manulife assets management.I focus technology, internet, telecom, industrial, transportation, power equipment, automation, healthcare sectors, basic material in Great China market. Analyst Company Name Cathay Life Insurance Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location Taiwan/Hong Kong Cathay Life Insurance is the largest insurance company in Taiwan.I am an equity research analyst in Cathay Life Insurance.I focus on TMT and Healthcare sectors in A/H share market. Intern Company Name Standard Chartered Bank Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 3 mos Intern Company Name Chinatrust Commercial Bank Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Apr 2007 Employment Duration 10 mos Education ZHAW(Switzerland) Degree Name Exchange student Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 National Taiwan University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 National Tsing Hua University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests National Tsing Hua University 22,092 followers National Taiwan University 69,805 followers Goldman Sachs 809,563 followers Cathay Life Insurance Co., Ltd. 2,210 followers Credit Suisse 453,194 followers 國立臺灣大學 65,549 followers See all See all following
More Actions Catriona has a account Catriona Fallon Chief Financial Officer Silver Spring Networks Harvard Business School San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Finance and strategy executive focused on driving performance and maximizing value. Highlights Follow Follow Catriona’s Activity 2,239 followers We're all set for the #datasummitdublin. Come say hi! Booth A8 Catriona liked See all activity Experience CFO Company Name Silver Spring Networks Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Jose, CA EVP and CFO Company Name Marin Software Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs VP Finance and Chief of Staff to the CFO Company Name Cognizant Technology Solutions Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Teaneck, NJ We’re a global leader in business and technology services, helping our clients bring the future of work to life — today.Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.), Cognizant combines a passion for client satisfaction, technology innovation, deep industry and business process expertise, and a global, collaborative workforce that embodies the future of work. With over 50 delivery centers worldwide and approximately 164,300 employees as of June 30, 2013, Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 2000, and the Fortune 500 and is ranked among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.#1 Fortune’s All Star List of Fastest Growing Companies#12 Forbes Fast Tech 25#13 Newsweek’s 2012 Green Rankings#352 Fortune 500#419 Financial Times 500#820 Forbes Global 2000 Vice President, Strategy & Financial Planning, Worldwide Marketing Company Name Hewlett-Packard Dates Employed 2012 – 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Palo Alto, CA Transformed the annual financial planning & budgeting process for a ~$1.5B+ budget and a ~2,000 person organization; Developed the annual and long-term marketing strategy to support HP’s ~$110B annual revenue in alignment with HP corporate objective, furthering HP business units’ strategies and financial targets.• Ran a “zero-based” planning process, detailing measurement methodology and contingency plans. • Influenced, developed and operationalized the investment prioritization strategy based on business objectives, revenue opportunity, and margin and marketing responsiveness.• Led a team of strategy and operations personnel and managed external consultants in execution of pan-marketing initiatives across global business units, Finance and HR.• Spearheaded “Marketing 2.0”, driving the vision, aligning the leadership team and ensuring accountability.• Optimized the Marketing organization to gain efficiencies, develop talent, and improve employee engagement; created efficiencies in marketing’s global staffing models across businesses and geographies.• Developed strategies for specific business needs (e.g. growth, media mix, segments, Centers of Excellence). Director, Finance & Investor Relations Company Name Hewlett-Packard Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Palo Alto, CA Trusted advisor to HP CFO and management team on capital allocation strategy, investor perception, financial guidance and decision making, including interactions with activist investors and the HP Board of Directors; Voice of HP at investor conferences, in bus tours, and in one-on-one meetings with global investors; Created CFO messaging, earnings press releases, Q&A documents for analyst days and earnings calls.• Ranked #1 Investor Relations team for the hardware sector by Institutional Investor Magazine; managed investor communications under four CEO’s (i.e. M Hurd, C. Lesjak, L. Apotheker, and M. Whitman).• Managed Investor Relations for six acquisitions, including 3PAR and $11B acquisition of Autonomy.• Collaborated with top executives to articulate company strategy for the annual Securities Analyst Meeting.• Worked with Treasury Department in raising debt and driving improvement in cash conversion cycle.• HP Global Citizenship Council – managed human rights inquiries, contributed to Global Citizenship Report. See more positions Education Harvard Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study General Management Activities and Societies: Elected V.P. Management Consulting Club, President HBS Boat Club, Section Volunteer Coordinator, High Tech New Media Club. UCLA Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Activities and Societies: Deans Honor List. Founding President, UCLA Rowing Club. Received UCLA Athletic Department Scholastic Achievement Award and Pac-10 Scholastic Honors. Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 102 endorsements for Strategy 99+ Strategy Endorsed by Jay Allardyce and 24 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Catriona’s colleagues at Marin Software Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 52 endorsements for Management 52 Management Endorsed by Jim Ganthier and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Catriona’s colleagues at Marin Software Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 43 endorsements for Financial Modeling 43 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Manish Goyal, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Catriona’s colleagues at Marin Software Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Catriona has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Learning American Sign Language Interests University of California, Los Angeles 512,142 followers Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,289 followers Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,507,351 followers The CFO Leadership Council of San Francisco 109 members Deepak Chopra MD (official)Deepak Chopra MD (official) is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chopra Foundation 5,024,489 followers Citi Alumni 84,254 members See all See all following
More Actions Mika has a account Mika Ilvonen Equity Research Analyst at Husky Growth Fund ALEKTUM GROUP Saint Cloud State University Helsinki Area, Finland 147 147 connections Send InMail I am a student-athlete in the Men's Hockey team at St. Cloud State University, who has found portfolio managing and investing a great subject to which I can direct my critical, open-minded thinking and passion to. Most of my time goes with hockey and school, however, when none of those two are taking my time, I am reading books and articles, working on my proficiency of Excel or just thinking about the world. Graduating in Spring 2018 , with a bachelor's degree in Finance, I am constantly looking for chances to gain experience in the field of portfolio management and investing. However, during school year my time is limited due to hockey and studies. My future goal is a successful career in the field and I believe my education combined with my endless burn to be the best, no matter what I am doing, will help me to achieve that goal. Contact me with any questions/proposals via email: mpilvonen@stcloudstate.edu See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Mika’s Activity 147 followers Technology Will Erase Jobs—But Also Make Everything Cheap or Free Mika shared this See all activity Experience Debt Analyst Company Name ALEKTUM GROUP Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Helsinki Area, Finland Analyzing masses of data via Excel & SPSS to find relevant information.Applying statistical methods (i.e. correlation & regression analysis) in order to predict and model future income streams from pools of debt.Reporting findings in an effective manner to higher management. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Husky Growth Fund Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location St. Cloud State University • One of 15 students managing a $200,000+ equity fund • Risk management for portfolio diversification by applying sector weightings • Security analysis using scholarly sources in research • Making buy, hold or sell- calls based on research results Sales Assistant Company Name Espoo Blues Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Espoo Assistance in sales and marketing functions. Selling season tickets and promotional products. Education Saint Cloud State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Finance, General Grade GPA 3.52 Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2018 Activities and Societies: Men's Hockey Team, Husky Growth Fund Featured Skills & Endorsements Leadership See 4 endorsements for Leadership 4 Leadership Tommi Savola and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 3 endorsements for Research 3 Research Tommi Savola and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 3 endorsements for Public Speaking 3 Public Speaking Tommi Savola and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mika has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Finnish Mika has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization St Cloud State University Men's Hockey Team Interests ALEKTUM GROUP 1,109 followers BlackRock 335,678 followers St. Cloud State University 65,073 followers St. Cloud State University 66,994 followers
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Connerly Director of Quantitative Research at Boston Partners Global Investors Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc. Columbia University - Columbia Business School Boston, Massachusetts 173 173 connections Send InMail * Equity investment professional with extensive experience. Fundamental value suffuses analytical work in global equity, long/short, risk arbitrage and quantitative research. Have started products and managed teams of over 20. Specialties: Financial Services, Energy, Technology, Transportation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Quantitative Research Company Name Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Boston Director of Research Company Name Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Boston Equity Research Analyst Company Name Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 1998 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 10 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Boston Area Research coverage of energy, financial services and technology sectors globally.Co-founded long-short equity limited partnership.Ran merger arbitrage strategy. Equity Analyst Company Name John Hancock Investments Dates Employed Jun 1997 – Feb 1998 Employment Duration 9 mos Selected securities for Small Cap Value and Large Cap Value Mutual Fund. Senior Equity Analyst Company Name SEI Investments Dates Employed Jun 1993 – Aug 1996 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Oversaw Small Cap Growth FundStarted and oversaw Small Cap Value Fund Education Columbia University - Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Investment Management, Security Analysis Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1998 Activities and Societies: President, Investment Management Club Investment Management - Value InvestingFinancial Executives International AwardDean's List Georgetown University Degree Name BSFS Field Of Study Development Economics Grade Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Track & Cross Country Library Supervisor Graduated with honors in EconomicsConcentration in greater china development, econometrics and health care. Volunteer Experience Member, Cable Advisory Committee Company Name Town of Hingham Dates volunteered Apr 2007 – Present Volunteer duration 10 yrs 3 mos Cause Politics Negotiate cable franchise agreements.Set up three cable television channels for the town. Coach Company Name Hingham Youth Soccer Dates volunteered Sep 2006 – Present Volunteer duration 10 yrs 10 mos Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 10 endorsements for Equities 10 Equities Endorsed by Brent Erensel, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Eric’s colleagues at Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 5 endorsements for Hedge Funds 5 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Mike Kelly, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 3 endorsements for Capital Markets 3 Capital Markets Dan Hassan and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Eric has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Eric has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language French Eric has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization CFA Institute Interests Georgetown University Alumni Group 33,136 members New England Financial Players 6,587 members Robeco 53,050 followers Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc. 1,158 followers ARPM - Advanced Risk and Portfolio Management 5,653 members Georgetown University 153,935 followers See all See all following
More Actions Robert has a account Robert Chantry UK Mid-Cap Equity Research Analyst at Berenberg Bank Berenberg London School of Economics and Political Science St Albans, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom 340 340 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Head of UK Small & Mid-Cap Equity Research Company Name Berenberg Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Responsible for a team of 12 analysts covering a wide range of small and mid-cap UK companies across several sectors including industrials, construction, business services, agriculture, consumer staples, retail, leisure and TMT. Utilities Equity Research - Senior Associate Company Name Berenberg Bank Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Sell-side Utilities Equity Research Associate. Initially covering the UK and French names (including SSE, Centrica, GDF-Suez and International Power), then co-covering the whole Pan Euro sector. Strategy Company Name Centrica Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Responsible for analysing existing and potential competitors to Centrica in their New Markets, principally Renewable Energy, Microgeneration and Energy Efficiency. Utilities Equity Research - Associate Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Sell-side Equity Research Associate covering the UK Utilities. This included primary coverage of the UK Water companies and supporting coverage of the UK Power companies as well as supporting on various IPO deals / ad hoc projects within the broader European sector. Utilities Equity Research - Summer Intern Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Sep 2006 Employment Duration 4 mos Summer Intern in the Pan European Utilities Equity Research team. Work focused on developing a Utilities sector primer and supporting an initiation on the UK Integrated Utilities (SSE, Scottish Power & Viridian). Education London School of Economics and Political Science Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Economic History Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 University of Warwick Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 14 endorsements for Equity Research 14 Equity Research Endorsed by Andrew Fisher and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Robert’s colleagues at Berenberg Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 10 endorsements for Valuation 10 Valuation Endorsed by Mark Freshney and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Robert’s colleagues at Berenberg Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 7 endorsements for Investment Banking 7 Investment Banking Endorsed by 6 of Robert’s colleagues at Berenberg Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) 272,640 followers The Economist 4,116,846 followers Financial Times 2,239,609 followers Berenberg 6,217 followers University of Warwick 121,421 followers University of Warwick 114,029 followers See all See all following
More Actions Achin has a account Achin Bhatia Strategy | Pre Sales | Financial Analysis | Market Research | Due Diligence Tech Mahindra IBS Hyderabad Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail • Competent professional with over 9 years of experience in Management Consulting, Strategy and Equity Research. • Proficient in Business & Financial Analysis, Market Research and Industry & Company Analysis and Bid Management. • Expert in Excel based Financial Modelling, P&L scrutiny, Cost & Profitability Analysis, Revenue Forecasting. • Skilled in writing recommendation reports and preparing and delivering presentation to senior management. • Strong communication skills with proven ability in catering to multiple stakeholders and building cross-team rapport. • Self-starter, inquisitive, enthusiastic, detail-oriented with a strong logical and analytical approach. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Achin’s Activity 639 followers Urgent! We @Subex are looking for consulting professionals for Presales in Revenue Assurance. Year of experience - 6 - 10 years. Base location : Bangalore. If interested, please share your updated CV at sandeep.kumar@subex.com. Achin liked Looking for a Director-Corporate Affairs from FMCG/ Retail/ Online space. For more details please connect on LinkedIn or through mail papia.roy@careernet.co.in Achin liked See all activity Experience Delivery Manager Company Name Tech Mahindra Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Bengaluru, Karnataka, India Entrepreneur Company Name Family Business Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India Setting up an investment vehicle with long-term investment horizon, investment decisions based on fundamental analysis.Engaged in industry and company analysis, identifying investment opportunities for value creation.Learning technical analysis and advanced charting skills to understand and identify market trends. Equity Research Analyst Company Name HSBC Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Bengaluru Area, India Worked as an Equity Research Analyst, tracking Asian consumer & retail sector. The coverage included Apparel, Textile, Luxury, Sportswear, Food & Beverages sectors. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Adventity Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 10 mos Equity Research Analyst at Adventity Global Services Pvt Ltd Education IBS Hyderabad Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Uttar Pradesh Technical University Degree Name Bachelor of Technology (BTech) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Kendriya Vidyalaya Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 24 endorsements for Equity Research 24 Equity Research Endorsed by Debashis Chand, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Achin’s colleagues at HSBC Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 11 endorsements for Equity Valuation 11 Equity Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Achin’s colleagues at HSBC Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 10 endorsements for Financial Modeling 10 Financial Modeling Anubhav Rustogi and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Achin has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests IBS - ICFAI BUSINESS SCHOOL 4,404 members IDC 77,782 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members PricewaterhouseCoopers - Service Delivery Center (PwC SDC) 49,157 followers Société Générale 264,347 followers Accenture 2,761,002 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sarah Emily has a account Sarah Emily Hindlian Software Analyst at Macquarie Group Macquarie Group Wellesley College New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Senior Analyst Covering Software Highlights Experience Software Analyst Company Name Macquarie Group Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location New York, NY Senior Analyst covering enterprise software at Macquarie. Board of Directors Company Name Barefoot Workshops-A Not for Profit Dates Employed 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs Barefoot Workshops is a not-for-profi that assists organizations and individuals to use media, music and the arts, to accelerate progress and program goals in areas such as health (those on the forefront of the HIV/AIDS epidemic), conflict resolution, resettlement (refugees and victims of natural disasters), civil rights, and democracy building. We have worked with partners as diverse as UNESCO, Desmond Tutu HIV Foundation, The U.S. State Department and The Middle East Partnership Initiative (MEPI), to pioneer new formats and “media templates” that reinforce citizen-led, community-owned solutions to these challenges. Director Company Name JP Morgan Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location NYC TMT Desk Analyst/Specialist Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Company Name R Technologies Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Second in command of a 10 year old privately held cloud computing software company converging the desktop and mobile with people in Cyprus, Paris, Amsterdam, Chicago, Dallas and New York City. Vice President Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Proprietary Investor in the Technology Sector (4 years) and Market Maker in the Software Sector (4 years). Education Wellesley College Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Economics and Spanish Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 3.84/4.00 GPA SAT Math 800/Verbal 770Magna Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa Wellesley College Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Economics and Spanish Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Economics & Spanish Weston Middle School See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Hedge Funds See 41 endorsements for Hedge Funds 41 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Michael J. Gill and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sarah Emily’s colleagues at Macquarie Group Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 30 endorsements for Capital Markets 30 Capital Markets Endorsed by Adam Brickner and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Sarah Emily’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 29 endorsements for Equities 29 Equities Endorsed by Joseph Gahtan and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Sarah Emily’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) Marlene Barzana Business Operations May 6, 2009, Marlene worked with Sarah Emily in different groups Sarah is among the best traders I have worked with in my ten year career on Wall St. She is smart, courageous, well reasoned and willing to take risk. Shamit Saha Managing Director at Llenrock Group March 3, 2009, Shamit managed Sarah Emily directly Sarah is a multi-talented person, with a great personality. She is intelligent, reliable, forward-thinking and has a lot of integrity. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Dan Slagen CMO & GTM at Alignable April 25, 2014, Sarah Emily was a client of Dan’s Dan has been an outstanding resource, helping to educate and market to a very diverse and intelligent client base. He has incredibly integrity, loyalty, intelligence, and is also a clear expert in his field. I give him my highest endorsement. Andreas K A Georgiou Co-founder & head of New Products R&D at 3Minutes Interactive. Interactive marketer April 12, 2009, Sarah Emily managed Andreas directly Andreas is a truly amazing employee and friend. He is one of the hardest working, most diligent, creative and dedicated people I have ever had the pleasure of working with. Andreas is able to perform tasks in a matter of hours that would take large teams of people days to complete. Not only is he technologically savvy, he has an artistic and creative touch that one rarely finds merged with such deep knowledge of functionality. People who work with Andreas will find that it is both a privilege and an honor to have such a person on their team. I give Andreas my highest recommendation and fully endorse him! View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Sarah Emily has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Sarah Emily has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization 100 Women in Hedge Funds Interests Wellesley College 28,772 followers Evercore 22,815 followers Workday Financials Fans Group 1,740 members Friends of Acumen 3,494 members Goldman Sachs Alumni Networking Group 20,679 members Wellesley College 27,931 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matthew has a account Matthew Zunckel, CFA Equity Analyst at Mvunonala Holdings Mvunonala Holdings Financial Services Board Johannesburg Area, South Africa 391 391 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name Mvunonala Holdings Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Responsibilities include generating new ideas for the portfolio as well performing maintenance research on stocks within the portfolio falling under my coverage. The investment team is relatively small, therefore my coverage list is large, with most of the general industrial sectors on the All Share Index falling under my responsibility. Financial Accountant Company Name VAST Networks Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Cape Town Area, South Africa Due to a restraint of trade restricting me from working in asset management, I joined Vast as a Financial Accountant on a contract basis, filling in for a Chartered Accountant on maternity leave. I utilised the opportunity to increase my accounting knowledge and gain further experience in a pressure environment as the Company went through financial year end. Equity Analyst Company Name Oasis Group Holdings (SA) Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Cape Town Area, South Africa Responsible for maintaining coverage of both local and global equities. Primary sectors falling under my coverage included the South African food producers, construction, packaging and electrical and engineering sectors, as well as the home builders and mail delivery sectors in the UK. Education Financial Services Board Degree Name RE 5 Exam Field Of Study Regulatory Grade 78% Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2017 FAIS representative exam (RE 5) University of South Africa/Universiteit van Suid-Afrika Field Of Study Management Accounting 1 Grade Distinction Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2014 University of Cape Town Degree Name Bachelor of Business Science Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 See more education Volunteer Experience Coach Company Name Fish Hoek Tennis Club Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Jun 2010 Volunteer duration 6 mos Cause Children Coached underprivileged children in tennis weekly in Ocean View, Cape Town. Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 1 endorsement for Equities 1 Equities Faiza Mallick has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 1 endorsement for Equity Valuation 1 Equity Valuation Faiza Mallick has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 5 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 5 Microsoft Excel Kamal Salasa and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Viresh Maharaj CA(SA) | PwC South Africa May 12, 2011, Viresh and Matthew were students together Matthew is a hard-working, dependable, responsible and reliable student who has the ability to prioritise and manage his work-load and produces work of a high quality. I have been at the University of Cape Town from 2008 - present (2011). hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Matthew has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Maria ShriverMaria Shriver is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Shriver Media 283,378 followers Dennis K. BermanDennis K. Berman is a LinkedIn Influencer Financial Editor of the Wall Street Journal 152,256 followers Steven J. ThompsonSteven J. Thompson is a LinkedIn Influencer SVP Brigham Health / Co-Founder at Global HealthCare Insights 194,285 followers Francisco D'SouzaFrancisco D&#39;Souza is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Cognizant Technology Solutions 303,616 followers Mvunonala Asset Managers 23 followers Bosera Asset Management Co. 1,555 followers See all See all following
More Actions Randall has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Randall Stanicky Managing Director, RBC Capital Markets RBC Capital Markets The University of British Columbia / UBC New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name RBC Capital Markets Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Greater New York City Area Board Member Company Name Children's Tumor Foundation Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area Board Member Company Name TherapeuticsMD Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Managing Director Company Name Canaccord Genuity Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location New York Vice President Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Aug 2001 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location New York See more positions Education The University of British Columbia / UBC Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce Field Of Study Business Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 21 endorsements for Equities 21 Equities Endorsed by Bryce Hill and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Randall’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 19 endorsements for Capital Markets 19 Capital Markets Shamir Mithani and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 16 endorsements for Valuation 16 Valuation Endorsed by Bryce Hill, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Randall’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Hatch-Waxman ANDA Litigation Forum 9,023 members TherapeuticsMD 2,760 followers RBC Capital Markets 62,726 followers The University of British Columbia 248,217 followers The University of British Columbia 265,258 followers Children's Tumor Foundation 1,098 followers
More Actions Dixon has a account Dixon Apolinar 😆😇 FactSet Philippines, Inc. - Research System Immaculate Conception Archdiocesan School - Tetuan, Zamboanga city, Philippines NCR - National Capital Region, Philippines 8 8 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name FactSet Philippines, Inc. - Research System Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Taguig City, Philippines Media (1) This position has 1 media FactSet Philippines, Inc. FactSet Philippines, Inc. This media is a link Education Immaculate Conception Archdiocesan School - Tetuan, Zamboanga city, Philippines Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Finance and Financial Management Services Grade College Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Proctor Financial, Inc. 1,685 followers Fortune Magazine 1,179,577 followers The Atlantic 798,890 followers Meg WhitmanMeg Whitman is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Hewlett Packard Enterprise 1,842,472 followers Reed Tech 2,963 followers R.A.C Group 1,919 followers See all See all following
More Actions Priyan has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Priyan Tudawe MBA candidate focused on corporate finance and strategy Enterprise Ceylon Capital (Private) Limited Georgetown University Washington D.C. Metro Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Specialties: Equity Research Analysis, Microsoft Office Suite and Customer Service Highlights Experience Assistant Vice President Company Name Enterprise Ceylon Capital (Private) Limited Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Level 27, East Tower, World Trade Centre, Echelon Square, Colombo 1 • Persuaded retail and institutional clients to invest by pitching key selling points of 5 coverage companies in the diversified and banking sectors, generating trading activity from retail and institutional investors.• Developed an initiation report and built a complex financial model for a listed Sri Lankan conglomerate, incorporating a sum-of-the-parts valuation methodology to derive a target price and formulate a recommendation.• Prepared reporting structure for 294 equities to track foreign transactions and identify potential price movements.• Conducted primary research by interacting with company executives during an investor forum. Developed value-added earnings review note for a domestic bank by incorporating company insight to develop accurate forecasts. Assistant Finance Manager Company Name Tudawe Brothers (Private) Limited Dates Employed May 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location 505/2, Elvitigala Mawatha, Colombo 5, Sri Lanka • Developed project-specific cost and cash flow reports, conducting detailed variance analysis and providing status updates to the Finance Manager, reducing overhead costs and maintaining profit margins.• Managed investment portfolio held under Lawrence Tudawe Management Services (Private) Ltd, monitoring performance of both quoted and unquoted companies, maximizing portfolio return. Associate Vice President Company Name Moody's Analytics Knowledge Services Dates Employed Jul 2012 – May 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Level 32, West Tower, World Trade Centre, Echelon Square, Colombo 1 • Improved financial analysis skills by undergoing Equity Analyst Training Program, which covers primary areas such as assessing industry attractiveness, financial modeling, equity valuation techniques and investment note writing.• Created financial models for companies operating in the retail and real estate sectors by forecasting financial statements using revenue and cost drivers and applying discounted cash flow, economic value added, and relative valuation methodologies to develop a target price.• Contributed to research activities in developing investment notes such as earnings previews, reviews, and initiation and deal reports on European real estate companies, providing value added information for sell-side analysts in a leading European financial institution.• Developed an automated MS Excel application by writing a VBA code to gather data from multiple spreadsheets into a single spreadsheet, improving efficiency and data accuracy.• Upgraded real estate models by automating rental drivers for acquisitions, developments, and disposals, incorporating MS Excel worksheet functions such as Match, Index, Offset, Nested IF, and Sum IF. Business Development Intern Company Name Oikocredit USA Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Washington, DC 20035, USA • Developed fact sheets as a marketing strategy to increase sales by providing investors and advisors information regarding key social and financial data. • Created report structures in MS Excel to measure sales performance and analyze investment sales data for MicroPlace, Inc. and Calvert Social Investment Foundation. • Created reports to summarize financial data, discover emerging trends, identify investor exit risk and evaluate investor targeting channels.• Tracked leads and opportunities, running reports, creating tasks and updating investor information in Salesforce database. Equity Research Analyst Intern Company Name Blue Point Investment Management, LLC Dates Employed Feb 2011 – May 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location 722 Dulaney Valley Road # 330 Towson, Maryland 21204 • Researched and developed reports on domestic and international companies in industries such as financial, machinery, airline, pharmaceutical, automotive, energy, and agricultural, using SEC filings.• Analyzed financial and industry profiles including risk factors, stock performance, trends, ownership and management structure, and competitive landscape.• Attended numerous events and seminars sponsored by the Baltimore Chartered Financial Analyst Society (BCFAS) to gain additional experience and insight into industry best practices. See more positions Education Georgetown University Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2018 Towson University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Beta Gamma Sigma, Golden Key International Honour Society, The National Society of Collegiate Scholars, National Residence Hall Honorary, The LeaderShape Institute, e-Business Association Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 7 endorsements for Financial Analysis 7 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Lakshan De Silva, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Priyan’s colleagues at Moody's Analytics Knowledge Services Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 3 endorsements for Financial Modeling 3 Financial Modeling sajid suhile and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 3 endorsements for Corporate Finance 3 Corporate Finance Oshan Tudawe and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Motley Fool 149,922 followers Georgetown University 153,935 followers Towson University 10,696 members Towson University 97,491 followers Towson University 94,803 followers Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business 20,845 followers See all See all following
More Actions Todd has a account Todd Morris, CFA Vice President at True West Capital Partners True West Capital Partners University of California, Los Angeles - The Anderson School of Management Los Angeles, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name True West Capital Partners Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Los Angeles Area Vice President - Financial Restructuring Group Company Name Houlihan Lokey Dates Employed Jul 2012 – May 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Summer Associate - Financial Restructuring Group Company Name Houlihan Lokey Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Senior Analyst Company Name Midwest Mezzanine Funds Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Chicago Area Sell-side Equity Research Analyst Company Name Robert W. Baird Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater Chicago Area See more positions Education University of California, Los Angeles - The Anderson School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Entrepreneurship Association Board Member – Venture Capital, Investment Finance Association, Teaching Assistant (Managing Finance and Financing the Emerging Enterprise, Managerial Finance, Corporate Finance), Academic Internship at Balmoral Advisors, 2nd Place in 2012 Department of Energy Regional FLoW Competition (Greenbotics), 1st Place in 2012 Knapp Venture Competition (Greenbotics), 3rd Place in 2011 Knapp Venture Competition (Surprisingly Vegan). Carter Fellow (top 2% of graduating class), Gloria Appel Prize Recipient, Venture Fellow, Donor Fellow. Miami University Degree Name B.S. in Business Field Of Study Finance and Decision Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Activities and Societies: President and Vice President of Evans Scholars Chapter, Treasurer of Golden Key International Honour Society, Beta Gamma Sigma. Summa Cum Laude (GPA 3.90), Financial Executives International Outstanding Student Award (2003; top 5 Finance major), Decision Sciences Major of the Year (2003), Jack Nelson Presidential Scholarship (2003). Bexley High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Due Diligence See 22 endorsements for Due Diligence 22 Due Diligence Endorsed by Dr. Osman Ghani, CFA , ACA , CAIA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Todd’s colleagues at Houlihan Lokey Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 16 endorsements for Financial Modeling 16 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Eric Sussman and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Todd’s colleagues at Houlihan Lokey Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 13 endorsements for Investments 13 Investments Endorsed by Dave Gezon, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Todd’s colleagues at Houlihan Lokey Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Todd has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,242,443 followers Houlihan Lokey 22,504 followers CFA Institute Members 69,519 members True West Capital Partners 31 followers Eric RiesEric Ries is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Long-Term Stock Exchange 483,613 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,795 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jimmie has a account Jimmie Bork Equity analyst, CFA Lazard Asset Management London School of Economics and Political Science London, United Kingdom 470 470 connections Send InMail - Experienced equity analyst - Exposure to multiple sectors incl: Consumer, Industrials, Energy, Healthcare, Tech and Media - 5 years experience from buy and sell-side roles - Strong stock picking/recommendation track record - CFA charterholder - MSc in Accounting & Finance from London School of Economics See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name Lazard Asset Management Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom Global equity analyst- Generalist analyst in our Global Strategic portfolio team- Sector specialist covering; Aerospace & Defence, Video game developers and Chinese consumer stocks for the global research platformRecommendation list has generated 63% return (in USD, 18 stocks, May '16 - May '17) Equity Analyst Company Name Legal & General Investment Management Dates Employed May 2014 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location London, England o Generalist analyst assisting our UK and European portfolio managerso Responsible for identifying new investment ideas, monitoring current positions and special research projectsMy role is to generate investment ideas for our portfolio managers investing in UK and European equities and assist in monitoring existing holdings. I produce investment reports, conduct management meetings and build financial models to support our investment decisions.My research has spanned a number of sectors including: Consumer, Industrials, Energy, Healthcare, Technology, Media and Support Services. A model portfolio tracking my recommendations has outperformed the MSCI Europe by 1900bps (25 stocks, since 4 March 2015). Equity Research Associate Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jul 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location London, United Kingdom o Member of Pan-European Consumer staples team (consistent top 3 rankings in II and Extel surveys)o Lead analyst on European/US Tobacco and supporting analyst on Consumer staples coverage (Food, HPC, Bevs)My role was to produce fundamental research and discuss recommendations with clients. Significant research contributions were reviewed by the department research committee and discussed in the team on a regular basis. The role included ongoing monitoring of companies under coverage and sector trends, meetings with senior management and developing detailed financial models.Research pieces have included; Chr Hansen (02 Nov 2012), Oriflame (20 Feb 2013), Swedish Match (25 April 2013) and initiation reports on BAT, Imperial, PMI (24 March 2014). Co-founder Company Name ResonanceIQ Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location London, United Kingdom o Co-founded mini-consulting firm consisting of MSc and PhD students from Cambridge and LSEo Focus on technology-driven businesses in ICT, life sciences and healthcare sectorso Clients; S&P500 and C20 companies, start-ups in the Cambridge and Copenhagen areao Annual revenues: £25,000The company was set up to provide a platform to source projects from our contacts in the corporate sector. Projects were led by a co-founder and team members sourced from our network of postgraduate students with relevant academic and professional experience. I provided financial analysis on projects ranging from evaluating an investment case for a multinational to assessing the market potential for a start-up company. Summer analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos Consumer Staples team with coverage of European Food and HPC sectorsDeveloped model and initiation note on €7bn+ Scandinavian conglomerateContributed to sector note assessing underlying market growth rates for companies under coverage See more positions Education London School of Economics and Political Science Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Alternative investment Society Chinese Development Society Coursework included quantitative method (mathematics, programming and computer simulations), financial accounting and macro finance. University of California, Berkeley Degree Name B.Sc. Field Of Study Economics and Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Independent research on innovation in listed companies - Challenges in corporate governance Invited to the National Society of Collegiate Scholars for academic performance at UC Berkeley (top 10% of graduating class)Assisted professor Richard Gilbert in his research on mergers and acquisitions Københavns Universitet Degree Name B.Sc. Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Copenhagen Organizational Psychology Network - Founder Danish Psychology Student Union - Board Member European Federation of Psychology Students Association - Fundraiser See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 8 endorsements for Valuation 8 Valuation Endorsed by Michel Debs and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jimmie’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 8 endorsements for Financial Modeling 8 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Michel Debs, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jimmie’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Derivatives See 5 endorsements for Derivatives 5 Derivatives Benoît TRIOUX and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jimmie has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Applied Corporate Finance Financial Reporting in Capital Markets Global Financial System International Finance Quantitative Finance Quantitative Methods for Finance Simulation Modelling and Analysis Valuation and Security Analysis Jimmie has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Danish English Norwegian Swedish Jimmie has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Jimmie has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization CFA Society UK Interests University of California, Berkeley 524,470 followers Finance Network (TGL) 5,311 members University of California, Berkeley 499,165 followers CAGE | Consumer Analyst Group of Europe 1,394 members CFA Program Candidates 215,082 members Lazard Asset Management 14,685 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jennifer has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Jennifer Jordan Board and Advisory Roles, MassVentures ClearGov MIT Sloan School of Management Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail As an investment professional with more than 15 years of progressive financial leadership experience, I have demonstrated expertise at identifying, analyzing, valuating, and raising capital for high-potential investments and new venture opportunities. In addition to my strong analytical skills and in-depth knowledge of advanced financial concepts and emerging market trends, I have exceptional communication and presentation skills, which I have successfully applied to building strong and sustainable relationships with institutional investors. Throughout my career, I have been a catalyst for driving positive organizational change and delivering superior financial results. My accomplishments range from building one of the most successful equity research platforms in the history of a fast-growing regional securities firm to turning around tarnished relationships with institutional investors of a world-class Electronic Design Technology Software company, which was instrumental to driving an exponential increase in its market capitalization. Regardless of the challenge, I have consistently demonstrated the ability to transform aggressive business growth goals into strong bottom-line growth. Specialties: • Investment Sourcing & Selection • Investor Communications & Relations • Cross-Functional Leadership • Senior Management Collaboration • Financial Analysis, Planning, & Modeling • Strategic Planning & Execution • Management & Investor Presentations • Investment & Market Valuation • Market & Financial Due Diligence • Risk Analysis & Management See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Jennifer’s Activity 2,233 followers Breaking Down the Seven Tenets of Data Unification Jennifer shared this Artaic Celebrates New HQ at Boston Design Center Jennifer liked Only at a startup is an over-crowded office a positive, it means growth! We'll be getting a new office soon. In the meantime, congrats & welcome to new Jebbit full-time team members that started this past week: David LoVerme, Emily Moos, Chad Agozzino, Danielle Gray & Lucas Meira -- many more open positions to join an incredible team --> https://lnkd.in/d6Y5Bfu Jennifer shared this Nasdaq Jennifer liked www.nytimes.com Jennifer liked www.nytimes.com Jennifer liked See all activity Experience Member Board Of Directors Company Name ClearGov Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Hopkinton, MA ClearGov is a leading provider of local government transparency and benchmarking solutions. Local governments use ClearGov’s enterprise SaaS solution to reduce operational inefficiencies, make informed budgetary decisions, and improve communication with citizens. ClearGov is more than financial transparency; ClearGov provides insights to taxpayers and officials that help improve the effectiveness of local government. Vice President, Venture Capitalist Company Name MassVentures Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Boston, MA MassVentures is a venture capital firm focused on fueling the Massachusetts innovation economy by funding early-stage, high-growth Massachusetts startups as they move from concept to commercialization.Identify and vet prospective companies that meet target criteria for seed and early-stage funding. Serve as observer or member of portfolio company boards of directors as required. Assess and determine participation in subsequent financing rounds. Currently assessing early-stage investment opportunities in enterprise software, big data and analytics, SaaS, fintech, security, healthcare IT, and robotics. Member Board Of Directors Company Name MachineMetrics Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Northampton, MA MachineMetrics machine monitoring software captures data real-time from the shop floor and makes it available in easy to read visualizations focused on business metrics that put managers and operators on the same page, increasing productivity for advanced manufacturers up to 20%. Member Board Of Directors Company Name BoardOnTrack Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Concord, MA BoardOnTrack is a guided step-by-step software platform that builds better boards through a combination of expertise, training, and powerful web-based tools. Its unique approach provides boards with a continuous drip of professional development throughout the year, tools to make that knowledge actionable, and data to measure governance impact. Board Observer Company Name ownerIQ Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Boston, MA Jebbit’s platform enables marketers and digital sales teams to create branded, personalized mobile experiences to engage, profile, and convert their audiences. Jebbit helps brands increase conversions while capturing user-provided data that boosts lifetime value. Jebbit helps media companies drive revenue by providing interactive mobile solutions as part of their digital offerings. See more positions Education MIT Sloan School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Activities and Societies: Martin Trust Center for MIT Entrepreneurship Mentor; MIT $100K Mentor and First Round Judge; MassChallenge Judge; MIT Accelerating Information Technology Innovation (AITI) Entrepreneurship Lead Hingham High School Reed College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Political Science See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Start-ups See 119 endorsements for Start-ups 99+ Start-ups Endorsed by Scott Bailey and 18 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer’s colleagues at MassVentures Click and drag to reorder skills Venture Capital See 106 endorsements for Venture Capital 99+ Venture Capital Endorsed by Charlie Cameron and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer’s colleagues at MassVentures Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 66 endorsements for Strategy 66 Strategy Endorsed by Jaswinder Ahuja and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Jennifer’s colleagues at Cadence Design Systems Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (5) Arun Bhattacharya Marketing executive: mobile analytics, digital marketing January 21, 2009, Arun worked with Jennifer in different groups Jennifer was one of the most pleasant executives I have worked with in my career! She is incredibly smart, eloquent and effective when leading a company's corporate charter to position/present itself credibly with the "Sell-side" industry analyst/investor community in the semiconductor space. I miss working with Jennifer. Sarah T. Director of Global Partnerships at MassChallenge June 16, 2017, Jennifer worked with Sarah but at different companies Sarah is fabulous. She did an tremendous job as the primary interface for organizing and maintaining relationships with Mass Challenge's overseas partners. She heard their needs and tuned programs and resources to meet them. It is a pleasure to participate in any programs she has a hand in. Mark Ritson Adjunct Professor January 17, 2012, Jennifer reported directly to Mark Mark is a fantastic teacher. He has a powerful ability to condense marketing theory into something tangible and straightforward with tremendous insight and clarity and bring all his students with him. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Jennifer has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Jennifer has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Tulen Foundation Interests Mark SusterMark Suster is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner, Upfront Ventures 109,737 followers BoardOnTrack 360 followers Andreessen Horowitz 41,111 followers General Catalyst 6,204 followers MassVentures 207 followers Jive Software 23,786 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jennifer has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Jennifer Jordan Board and Advisory Roles, MassVentures ClearGov MIT Sloan School of Management Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail As an investment professional with more than 15 years of progressive financial leadership experience, I have demonstrated expertise at identifying, analyzing, valuating, and raising capital for high-potential investments and new venture opportunities. In addition to my strong analytical skills and in-depth knowledge of advanced financial concepts and emerging market trends, I have exceptional communication and presentation skills, which I have successfully applied to building strong and sustainable relationships with institutional investors. Throughout my career, I have been a catalyst for driving positive organizational change and delivering superior financial results. My accomplishments range from building one of the most successful equity research platforms in the history of a fast-growing regional securities firm to turning around tarnished relationships with institutional investors of a world-class Electronic Design Technology Software company, which was instrumental to driving an exponential increase in its market capitalization. Regardless of the challenge, I have consistently demonstrated the ability to transform aggressive business growth goals into strong bottom-line growth. Specialties: • Investment Sourcing & Selection • Investor Communications & Relations • Cross-Functional Leadership • Senior Management Collaboration • Financial Analysis, Planning, & Modeling • Strategic Planning & Execution • Management & Investor Presentations • Investment & Market Valuation • Market & Financial Due Diligence • Risk Analysis & Management See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Jennifer’s Activity 2,233 followers Breaking Down the Seven Tenets of Data Unification Jennifer shared this Artaic Celebrates New HQ at Boston Design Center Jennifer liked Only at a startup is an over-crowded office a positive, it means growth! We'll be getting a new office soon. In the meantime, congrats & welcome to new Jebbit full-time team members that started this past week: David LoVerme, Emily Moos, Chad Agozzino, Danielle Gray & Lucas Meira -- many more open positions to join an incredible team --> https://lnkd.in/d6Y5Bfu Jennifer shared this Nasdaq Jennifer liked www.nytimes.com Jennifer liked www.nytimes.com Jennifer liked See all activity Experience Member Board Of Directors Company Name ClearGov Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Hopkinton, MA ClearGov is a leading provider of local government transparency and benchmarking solutions. Local governments use ClearGov’s enterprise SaaS solution to reduce operational inefficiencies, make informed budgetary decisions, and improve communication with citizens. ClearGov is more than financial transparency; ClearGov provides insights to taxpayers and officials that help improve the effectiveness of local government. Vice President, Venture Capitalist Company Name MassVentures Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Boston, MA MassVentures is a venture capital firm focused on fueling the Massachusetts innovation economy by funding early-stage, high-growth Massachusetts startups as they move from concept to commercialization.Identify and vet prospective companies that meet target criteria for seed and early-stage funding. Serve as observer or member of portfolio company boards of directors as required. Assess and determine participation in subsequent financing rounds. Currently assessing early-stage investment opportunities in enterprise software, big data and analytics, SaaS, fintech, security, healthcare IT, and robotics. Member Board Of Directors Company Name MachineMetrics Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Northampton, MA MachineMetrics machine monitoring software captures data real-time from the shop floor and makes it available in easy to read visualizations focused on business metrics that put managers and operators on the same page, increasing productivity for advanced manufacturers up to 20%. Member Board Of Directors Company Name BoardOnTrack Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Concord, MA BoardOnTrack is a guided step-by-step software platform that builds better boards through a combination of expertise, training, and powerful web-based tools. Its unique approach provides boards with a continuous drip of professional development throughout the year, tools to make that knowledge actionable, and data to measure governance impact. Board Observer Company Name ownerIQ Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Boston, MA Jebbit’s platform enables marketers and digital sales teams to create branded, personalized mobile experiences to engage, profile, and convert their audiences. Jebbit helps brands increase conversions while capturing user-provided data that boosts lifetime value. Jebbit helps media companies drive revenue by providing interactive mobile solutions as part of their digital offerings. See more positions Education MIT Sloan School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Activities and Societies: Martin Trust Center for MIT Entrepreneurship Mentor; MIT $100K Mentor and First Round Judge; MassChallenge Judge; MIT Accelerating Information Technology Innovation (AITI) Entrepreneurship Lead Hingham High School Reed College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study Political Science See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Start-ups See 119 endorsements for Start-ups 99+ Start-ups Endorsed by Scott Bailey and 18 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer’s colleagues at MassVentures Click and drag to reorder skills Venture Capital See 106 endorsements for Venture Capital 99+ Venture Capital Endorsed by Charlie Cameron and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jennifer’s colleagues at MassVentures Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 66 endorsements for Strategy 66 Strategy Endorsed by Jaswinder Ahuja and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Jennifer’s colleagues at Cadence Design Systems Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (5) Arun Bhattacharya Marketing executive: mobile analytics, digital marketing January 21, 2009, Arun worked with Jennifer in different groups Jennifer was one of the most pleasant executives I have worked with in my career! She is incredibly smart, eloquent and effective when leading a company's corporate charter to position/present itself credibly with the "Sell-side" industry analyst/investor community in the semiconductor space. I miss working with Jennifer. Sarah T. Director of Global Partnerships at MassChallenge June 16, 2017, Jennifer worked with Sarah but at different companies Sarah is fabulous. She did an tremendous job as the primary interface for organizing and maintaining relationships with Mass Challenge's overseas partners. She heard their needs and tuned programs and resources to meet them. It is a pleasure to participate in any programs she has a hand in. Mark Ritson Adjunct Professor January 17, 2012, Jennifer reported directly to Mark Mark is a fantastic teacher. He has a powerful ability to condense marketing theory into something tangible and straightforward with tremendous insight and clarity and bring all his students with him. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Jennifer has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Jennifer has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Tulen Foundation Interests Commonwealth of Massachusetts 30,072 followers Curoverse, Inc 149 followers Brad FeldBrad Feld is a LinkedIn Influencer Managing Director at Foundry Group 247,831 followers Bessemer Venture Partners 17,917 followers Generation Investment Management 3,171 followers Jive Software 23,786 followers See all See all following
More Actions Roger has a account Roger Kumar Business & Strategy at Cota Cota, Inc. Vanderbilt University - Owen Graduate School of Management New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Best care made clear Highlights Experience Business & Strategy Manager Company Name Cota, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location New York, New York Equity Research Associate Company Name Capital Group | American Funds Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Equity Research Analyst within the Global Investment Research group at Goldman Sachs supporting the Specialty & SMID Pharma team and Biotech team Equity Research Intern Company Name Avondale Partners Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 9 mos Supported Avondale Partners' Medical Devices team. Intern Company Name Northrop Grumman Corporation Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 mos See more positions Education Vanderbilt University - Owen Graduate School of Management Degree Name MS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Activities and Societies: -Member of Finance Club. -Member of Max Adler Investment Club. Part of the large cap equity team, role is to provide stock recommendations for the portfolio. -Member of Vanderbilt University’s team in the CFA Global Investment Research Challenge. -Completed Training the Street financial modeling and corporate valuation courses. George Mason University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Finance, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: GMU Ambassadors, Delta Chi Fraternity, GMU Economics Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 19 endorsements for Financial Modeling 19 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Dok Kwon and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Roger’s colleagues at Capital Group | American Funds Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 19 endorsements for Equity Research 19 Equity Research Endorsed by Brian Tanquilut and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Roger’s colleagues at Capital Group | American Funds Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 12 endorsements for Valuation 12 Valuation Endorsed by Chris Hammond, CAIA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Roger’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Jeff Glaser Investment Banking Analyst - TMT at Barclays Investment Bank February 11, 2014, Roger worked with Jeff in different groups Jeff is a workhorse. Great attitude, great personality, and overall great guy to work with. Maulik S. Pricing & System Integrity Strategist at University of Utah Healthcare December 16, 2013, Roger worked with Maulik in different groups Maulik was a very hard worker who was always dedicated to putting out high quality product. He is very knowledgeable of his sector and always eager to learn more. He's also been a great team player, very willing to go out of his way to help others when needed. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests SilverSearch, Inc. 11,894 followers Altice Blue 2 2,171 followers Warner Chilcott 11,534 followers Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 9,292 followers Algorithmic Traders Association: CTA & Quant Funds System Trading | Stocks, Futures, Forex, Options 175,276 members TravelClick 48,756 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Doherty Managing Director at Solebury Communications Group Solebury Communications Group University of Delaware - Lerner College of Business and Economics Greater New York City Area 329 329 connections Send InMail Investment professional with deep experience across investor relations, equity research, and private equity. More than a decade in sell-side equity research analyzing a broad range of industries: Business and Education Services, Industrials, Technology, and Financial Services. Promoted to senior analyst at Banc of America Securities in 2007 to lead coverage of Education Services sector. Developed a well rounded skill set as a research analyst, successfully combining analytical ability, financial modeling and forecasting, effective investment report writing, and targeted communications to a wide range of constituents - internally to an institutional sales force, traders, investment bankers and research management and externally to institutional investors (analysts and portfolio managers) and senior management of companies under coverage. Leveraged expertise in Education Services sector to pursue private equity investment opportunities beginning in 2010 for Education Growth Partners, a growth equity firm, then Hart Capital LLC, an Education Services focused boutique private equity firm. Engaged throughout the investment process, including: sourcing, deal structuring, financial forecasting, valuation, content development for marketing materials, interacting with company owners/senior management, working with equity and mezzanine co-investors, attorneys and accountants, and conducting due diligence. Joined Solebury Communications Group LLC in 2012 to focus on Investor Relations. The business brings decades of proven equity underwriting expertise to the Investor Relations industry, delivering a distinct knowledge of investor psychology and the skill-set required to properly position each equity story to unlock full shareholder value. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Solebury Communications Group Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Solebury Communication is a leading investor relations advisory firm offering clients strategic counsel as they navigate the increasingly complex landscape facing public companies today. Our team of highly qualified market professionals has extensive experience across equity capital markets, equity research, institutional sales, and traditional investor relations – resulting in a differentiated and collaborative approach to providing our clients with strategic solutions. Principal Company Name Hart Capital LLC Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Analyzed investment opportunities for boutique private equity firm that specializes in the Education Services industry. Vice President Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed 2005 – 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs Equity research analyst - Education & Business Services Associate Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed 2004 – 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr Equity research associate - Multi Industry Associate Company Name Citi (formerly Salomon Smith Barney) Dates Employed 1999 – 2003 Employment Duration 4 yrs Equity research associate - Wireless Equipment; Specialty Finance Education University of Delaware - Lerner College of Business and Economics Degree Name Finance Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Endorsed by John F. Helfst and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 4 endorsements for Equities 4 Equities Endorsed by John F. Helfst, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 3 endorsements for Equity Research 3 Equity Research Endorsed by John F. Helfst, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members Value Investing Congress 12,891 members University of Delaware - Lerner College of Business and Economics 11,157 followers University of Delaware - Lerner College of Business and Economics 11,339 followers Solebury Communications Group 46 followers
More Actions Roy has a account Roy Topol Investment Manager at Investec Wealth & Investment Investec University of the Witwatersrand Johannesburg Area, South Africa 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Chartered Accountant currently working as an Investment Manager for high net-worth Private Clients. Prior working experience as an Equity Research Analyst. Specialties: - Portfolio construction and management - Advising high net-worth clients on investment decisions - Analysis and valuation of equities/shares/stocks - Financial modeling See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Roy’s Activity 1,533 followers Only 3.5% of South African tax payers earn more than R 1 million per annum. However they contribute nearly 40% of the tax revenue. There are still 3 weeks left to respond to the proposed wealth taxes put forward by the Davis Tax Committee.. WHAT'S YOUR SAY? FISA comments: “The poor do not pay any estate duty, donations tax, transfer duty, capital gains tax or income tax. In fact it is submitted that the high level of inequality is not due to a lack of redistribution through the tax system, but more the result of lack of economic growth and the failure of the education system in South Africa to produce entrepreneurs and employable individuals.” Roy liked See all activity Experience Investment Manager Company Name Investec Dates Employed 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Sandton, South Africa Portfolio construction, management and investment advisory role for high net-worth Private Clients. Equity Analyst Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed 2009 – 2009 Employment Duration less than a year Equity Analyst covering Healthcare sector on the JSE. Various roles Company Name Edcon Dates Employed 2006 – 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs Served SAICA 'TOPP' trainee accounting articles at Edcon gaining financial experience in several divisions.Worked in Sourcing Division as internal consultant (post articles). Education University of the Witwatersrand Degree Name Bachelor of Accountancy Field Of Study Financial Accounting, Economics, Auditing, Tax, Financial Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 King David Linksfield Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 31 endorsements for Equities 31 Equities Endorsed by 3 of Roy’s colleagues at Edcon Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 29 endorsements for Portfolio Management 29 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Deon Katz, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Roy’s colleagues at Investec Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 35 endorsements for Investments 35 Investments Endorsed by Maurice Shapiro and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Bank Hapoalim בנק הפועלים 9,313 followers Africa Banking Network - Finance | Capital | Business 46,841 members Bank Hapoalim (Switzerland) Ltd. 228 followers Investec 56,328 followers South Africa Banking Network - Finance | Capital | Business 5,140 members Harvard Business Review 1,416,282 members See all See all following
More Actions Neil has a account Neil Desai Portfolio Manager at bluescale capital bluescale capital Duke University Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Neil’s Activity 824 followers Need Biglaw To Get To alt.legal? (Raj Goyle Didn’t) Neil liked See all activity Experience Portfolio Manager Company Name bluescale capital Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Greater Boston Area bluescale capital is a long/short hedge fund focused on the global TMT space with a low-net strategy. Portfolio Manager / bluescale capital / Global Technology Fund Company Name Putnam Investments / bluescale capital Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Board Member Company Name Invest in Girls, Inc. Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Boston Area Invest in Girls teaches high school girls financial concepts, exposes them to professional women role models, and introduces them to financial services companies and career paths in finance to empower them to become tomorrow's leaders. http://www.investgirls.org/ Partner Company Name Crosslink Capital Dates Employed 2009 – 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs Analyst Company Name TUDOR INVESTMENT CORPORATION (Raptor Capital Management) Dates Employed 2004 – 2009 Employment Duration 5 yrs See more positions Education Duke University Harvard Business School Degree Name MBA Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 14 endorsements for Financial Modeling 14 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Charles Trafton, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Neil’s colleagues at Putnam Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 12 endorsements for Hedge Funds 12 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Charles Trafton, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Neil’s colleagues at TUDOR INVESTMENT CORPORATION Click and drag to reorder skills Private Equity See 9 endorsements for Private Equity 9 Private Equity Nick Thakore and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Neil has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Gujarati Interests Pandora 116,217 followers LinkedIn 2,167,531 followers Harvard Business School 336,941 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,943,342 followers Invest in Girls, Inc. 168 followers Google 4,935,212 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dan has a account Dan Fannon Research Analyst at Jefferies & Company Inc. Jefferies & Company Inc. University of Notre Dame San Francisco Bay Area 319 319 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director - Research Analyst Company Name Jefferies & Company Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 10 mos Senior Research Associate Company Name Robertson Stephens Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Jul 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Credit Analyst Company Name Bank of America Dates Employed Jul 1997 – Jan 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Education University of Notre Dame Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Notre Dame 127,056 followers University of Notre Dame 111,899 followers Jefferies 64,044 followers
More Actions Todd has a account Todd Morris, CFA Vice President at True West Capital Partners True West Capital Partners University of California, Los Angeles - The Anderson School of Management Los Angeles, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President Company Name True West Capital Partners Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Los Angeles Area Vice President - Financial Restructuring Group Company Name Houlihan Lokey Dates Employed Jul 2012 – May 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Summer Associate - Financial Restructuring Group Company Name Houlihan Lokey Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area Senior Analyst Company Name Midwest Mezzanine Funds Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Chicago Area Sell-side Equity Research Analyst Company Name Robert W. Baird Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater Chicago Area See more positions Education University of California, Los Angeles - The Anderson School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Entrepreneurship Association Board Member – Venture Capital, Investment Finance Association, Teaching Assistant (Managing Finance and Financing the Emerging Enterprise, Managerial Finance, Corporate Finance), Academic Internship at Balmoral Advisors, 2nd Place in 2012 Department of Energy Regional FLoW Competition (Greenbotics), 1st Place in 2012 Knapp Venture Competition (Greenbotics), 3rd Place in 2011 Knapp Venture Competition (Surprisingly Vegan). Carter Fellow (top 2% of graduating class), Gloria Appel Prize Recipient, Venture Fellow, Donor Fellow. Miami University Degree Name B.S. in Business Field Of Study Finance and Decision Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Activities and Societies: President and Vice President of Evans Scholars Chapter, Treasurer of Golden Key International Honour Society, Beta Gamma Sigma. Summa Cum Laude (GPA 3.90), Financial Executives International Outstanding Student Award (2003; top 5 Finance major), Decision Sciences Major of the Year (2003), Jack Nelson Presidential Scholarship (2003). Bexley High School Featured Skills & Endorsements Due Diligence See 22 endorsements for Due Diligence 22 Due Diligence Endorsed by Dr. Osman Ghani, CFA , ACA , CAIA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Todd’s colleagues at Houlihan Lokey Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 16 endorsements for Financial Modeling 16 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Eric Sussman and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Todd’s colleagues at Houlihan Lokey Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 13 endorsements for Investments 13 Investments Endorsed by Dave Gezon, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Todd’s colleagues at Houlihan Lokey Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Todd has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests UCLA Anderson School of Management 47,545 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,445,942 followers Distressed Debt Investing 13,383 members Crescent Capital Group LP 4,385 followers True West Capital Partners 31 followers Workouts, Restructurings, Syndications, and Distressed Asset Investing 635 members See all See all following
More Actions Trinh has a account Trinh Nguyen Associate I at State Street | MSc. Financial Analysis State Street University of San Francisco School of Management San Francisco Bay Area 120 120 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Associate I Company Name State Street Dates Employed 2017 – Present Employment Duration less than a year Equity Research Analyst Company Name CFA Institute Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos - CFA Global Investment Research Challenge, North California.- Conducted comprehensive analysis of Visa Inc. and overall card payment system industry using different informational platforms (FactSet, Bloomberg Terminal, IBISWorld).- Valued Visa Inc. using a DCF, DDM, multiples, Monte Carlo and other quantitative and qualitative methods.- Investigated specific for that industry regulation issues in US and foreign countries (EMEA, Asia).- Pitched investment recommendation in front of diligent professional judges. General Accountant Company Name South Puget Sound Community College Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location 2011 Mottman Road SW Olympia, WA 98512-6292 - Managed cafeteria supplies and made inventories.- Maintained balance sheet and calculate payments- Issued receipts, credits, refunds, or return change to customers. Operational Risk Analyst Company Name NVK Logistics Company Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Saigon - Vietnam - Supervised, tracked and evaluated daily activities.- Collected, analyzed, verified and reported information.- Detected and investigated risks associated with the company's services and client's business. Education University of San Francisco School of Management Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Financial Analysis Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Beta Gamma Sigma AACSB International - The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business. South Puget Sound Community College Degree Name Associate’s Degree Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Phi Theta Kappa AACSB International - The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business. University of Education (Ho Chi Minh City - Vietnam) Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Physics, Education. Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: School Social Work Team Volunteer Experience Vietnamese Language Instructor Company Name HungVuong Vietnamese Language School - Olympia City Dates volunteered Sep 2011 – Apr 2013 Volunteer duration 1 yr 8 mos Cause Social Services Taught Vietnamese language for American and Vietnamese-American Children Team Leader - School Social Work Team Company Name Ho Chi Minh City University of Pedagogy Dates volunteered Sep 2007 – Aug 2010 Volunteer duration 3 yrs Cause Social Services - Served food, clothes, medicines, and small furnitures for homeless and handicapped people- Taught various subjects (English, math, & science) for handicapped children at Saigon Orphan Center Social Service Worker Company Name GLIDE (San Francisco, CA) Dates volunteered Jun 2016 – Jun 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Helped serve breakfast, lunch or dinner to poor and/or homeless individuals and families .Prepared and serve three meals everyday – breakfast, lunch and dinner. See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 4 endorsements for Matlab 4 Matlab William Ktsanes and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Stata See 4 endorsements for Stata 4 Stata William Ktsanes and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Quantitative Analytics See 4 endorsements for Quantitative Analytics 4 Quantitative Analytics William Ktsanes and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Trinh has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Wall Street Training Bootcamp - License Applied Advanced Valuation techniques in Excel (DCF, trading comps, M&A). Bloomberg Essentials: Equity, Fixed Income, FX, Commodity Essentials of Corporate Financial Analysis and Decision-Making Specialization Financial Market Trinh has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Vietnamese Trinh has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Member of Beta Gamma Sigma CFA Institute Research Challenge – North California Trinh has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Beta Gamma Sigma AACSB International - The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business. Interests International University - VNU HCMC 2,172 followers Cambridge Associates 14,936 followers International University - VNU HCMC 1,784 followers Headwaters MB 9,099 followers LinkedIn Learning Solutions 160,389 followers Impact Investing Network 14,704 members See all See all following
More Actions John C. has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium John C. Murphy Portfolio Manager of Emerging and International Strategies at William Blair Investment Management William Blair Villanova University Greater Chicago Area 465 465 connections InMail Partner of William Blair & Company. Portfolio Manager of Emerging Markets and International Strategies. Highlights Experience Portfolio Manager Company Name William Blair Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater Chicago Area I am a Portfolio Manager of an Emerging Markets equity strategy and an International equity strategy on the William Blair Global Team. With my fellow PMs, I construct portfolios of high quality growth companies for institutional investors' separately managed accounts and mutual funds. Director of Global Equity Research & Portfolio Manager Company Name William Blair Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Chicago Area As Co-Director of Research, I lead a team of international equity research analysts which provide investment ideas for international portfolios with assets under management of approximately $35 billion. As a Portfolio Manager, I am involved in constructing portfolios of high quality growth companies for institutional investors and mutual funds. International Consumer Analyst; Co-Portfolio Manager Company Name William Blair & Company Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Chicago Area As the Large Cap International consumer analyst, evaluate investment attractiveness of consumer companies located outside the U.S. with a market capitalization greater than US$5.0 billion. Recommend buy, hold, and sell to a team of portfolio managers with assets under management of exceeding US$30 billion.Also, serve as a Co-Portfolio Manager on International Equity Portfolios. International Consumer Analyst for Equity Investment Management Company Name William Blair and Company Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Chicago, IL Evaluate investment attractiveness of consumer companies located outside the U.S. with a market capitalization greater than US$5.0 billion. Recommend buy, hold, and sell to a team of portfolio managers with assets under management of exceeding US$30 billion. Sell-side Equity Research Analyst Company Name William Blair and Company Dates Employed May 2005 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Sell-side equity research analyst researching companies in e-commerce and hardlines retailing. See more positions Education Villanova University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Volunteer Experience Board of Directors and Ex-Officio (Treasurer) Company Name East Lake Academy Dates volunteered Jul 2003 – Present Volunteer duration 14 yrs Cause Education Skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management Portfolio Management Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Managment Asset Managment Click and drag to reorder skills Investments Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments John C. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst John C. has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Institute for Chartered Financial Analysts Interests Villanova SAE Alumni 279 members Chicago Investment Professionals 3,124 members Appaloosa Management LP 928 followers Portfolio Managers, Research, Capital Markets & Consulting Professionals 23,867 members Villanova University Alumni Network 30,160 members CFA Institute Members 69,519 members See all See all following
More Actions Dennis has a account Dennis Klaeser Chief Financial Officer at Talmer Bancorp, Inc. Talmer Bank & Trust, formerly First Michigan Bank Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Dennis Klaeser is Chief Financial Officer and Executive Managing Director of the Talmer Bancorp. Dennis previously served as CFO of PrivateBancorp, Inc. from 2003 through 2009. In addition to his experience as CFO, Dennis spent over 12 years as an investment banker and equity research analyst focused on Midwest community banks. Dennis earned an MBA from Northwestern University, MA degrees from the University of Chicago, and a BA from Lawrence University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Financial Officer Company Name Talmer Bank & Trust, formerly First Michigan Bank Dates Employed May 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Location Troy, MIchigan Senior Vice President / Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Raymond James Dates Employed Apr 2009 – May 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Wrote research on Midwest bank stocks. Chief Financial Officer Company Name PrivateBancorp, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2003 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs Chief Financial Officer Company Name The PrivateBank and Trust Company Dates Employed 2003 – 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs Managing Director Company Name Arthur Andersen Corporate Finance Dates Employed 2000 – 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Chicago Advised clients on complex M&A transactions, restructurings, financings, and divestures. Selected transactions: $125 million sale of Midwest Security Insurance Company to UnitedHealth Group; recapitalization of TransAdvantage, a tractor-trailer leasing company; advised Mizuho Bank on disposition of a distressed portfolio of U.S. commercial loans. See more positions Education Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance and Management Policy Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1991 The University of Chicago Degree Name M.A. Field Of Study Public Policy Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1982 Lawrence University Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Liberal Arts Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1980 Featured Skills & Endorsements Mergers & Acquisitions See 34 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 34 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Michael Iannaccone and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Dennis’ colleagues at The Private Bank And Trust Company Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 33 endorsements for Portfolio Management 33 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Chris DuBos and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Dennis’ colleagues at Raymond James Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 31 endorsements for Finance 31 Finance Endorsed by Jean-Luc Servat and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Dennis’ colleagues at Raymond James Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Cindy Rundorff Experienced Risk Management Professional May 31, 2012, Dennis was senior to Cindy but didn’t manage directly I worked closely with Cindy during the four years we worked together at The PrivateBank. Cindy played a leadership role in upgrading the bank’s allowance for loan loss methodology, analytics and documentation. The ALLL model she developed was complex and sophisticated as it incorporated detailed analytics on historical loss rates by loan types and ratings, migration patterns and environmental factors. Cindy not only has strong analytical skills, but she also is able to clearly and effectively articulate her work and analysis both verbally and in written memos to executive management, board members, auditors and bank examiners. In addition to having a well-rounded skill set, Cindy has an exceptional work ethic and could always be counted on to deliver her work within tight time frames. I strongly recommend Cindy for leadership roles in risk management and the ALLL process. Accomplishments Interests Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management 111,677 followers The University of Chicago 117,307 followers Lawrence University 11,504 followers Andersen Alumni Association 21,675 members Community Bank Group 32,153 members Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management 90,528 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ben has a account Ben Shuleva Equity Research Analyst and Portfolio Manager at Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments Southern Methodist University Boston, Massachusetts 219 219 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Fidelity Investments Education Southern Methodist University Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ben has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests Fidelity Investments 311,710 followers Southern Methodist University 93,820 followers Southern Methodist University 97,401 followers
More Actions Jonathan has a account Jonathan Schildkraut Chief Strategy Officer -- CyrusOne CyrusOne NYU School of Law Dallas, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience EVP - Chief Strategy Officer Company Name CyrusOne Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Dallas, Texas Senior Managing Director - Communcations Infrastructure & Telecom Services Equity Research Company Name Guggenheim Securities Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 6 mos Location New York, NY Senior Managing Director - Head of Telecom Services Equity Research Company Name Evercore ISI Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 4 mos Managing Director - Telecom Services Equity Research Company Name Jefferies & Company Dates Employed 2005 – 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs Vice President - Telecom Research Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed 2002 – 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs See more positions Education NYU School of Law Degree Name JD Field Of Study 1997 Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study 1997 Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 University of Michigan Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Telecommunications See 26 endorsements for Telecommunications 26 Telecommunications Endorsed by Jacky Wu and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Evercore Click and drag to reorder skills Due Diligence See 13 endorsements for Due Diligence 13 Due Diligence Endorsed by 2 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Jefferies Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 12 endorsements for Equity Research 12 Equity Research Endorsed by Kip Paulson, CFA, CPA (inactive) and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Jefferies Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jason Starr Vice President, Investor Relations at Proofpoint May 12, 2015, Jonathan worked with Jason but at different companies In late 2003, when the data center industry had been left for dead and only a few of Wall Street's firms were looking at companies in the sector - my firm decided it was time to restart our research efforts. At the time, no sector research remained. And, as we launched back into the group, I worked closely with Jason on how to think about EQIX and how to think about the broader secular thesis. Together, we created a framework for analyzing performance, projecting revs, flow-thru margins, and the capital expenditures necessary to support that growth. Many of these metrics are the ones that the vast majority of the industry uses today - and, so, in many ways, I view Jason as the grandfather of data center services metric creation. In the time we worked together (from 2003 until today), I have never found a more valuable partner in articulating a company's value proposition to investors - and few better friends. There is no shortage of superlatives I could laud upon Jason - but sufficed to say, he is one of the very best. Accomplishments Interests University of Michigan 368,679 followers Tower & Small Cell Summit 821 members SoftLayer, an IBM Company 37,645 followers Evercore 22,815 followers BMO Financial Group 119,306 followers Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members See all See all following
More Actions Jimmie has a account Jimmie Bork Equity analyst, CFA Lazard Asset Management London School of Economics and Political Science London, United Kingdom 470 470 connections Send InMail - Experienced equity analyst - Exposure to multiple sectors incl: Consumer, Industrials, Energy, Healthcare, Tech and Media - 5 years experience from buy and sell-side roles - Strong stock picking/recommendation track record - CFA charterholder - MSc in Accounting & Finance from London School of Economics See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Analyst Company Name Lazard Asset Management Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom Global equity analyst- Generalist analyst in our Global Strategic portfolio team- Sector specialist covering; Aerospace & Defence, Video game developers and Chinese consumer stocks for the global research platformRecommendation list has generated 63% return (in USD, 18 stocks, May '16 - May '17) Equity Analyst Company Name Legal & General Investment Management Dates Employed May 2014 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location London, England o Generalist analyst assisting our UK and European portfolio managerso Responsible for identifying new investment ideas, monitoring current positions and special research projectsMy role is to generate investment ideas for our portfolio managers investing in UK and European equities and assist in monitoring existing holdings. I produce investment reports, conduct management meetings and build financial models to support our investment decisions.My research has spanned a number of sectors including: Consumer, Industrials, Energy, Healthcare, Technology, Media and Support Services. A model portfolio tracking my recommendations has outperformed the MSCI Europe by 1900bps (25 stocks, since 4 March 2015). Equity Research Associate Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jul 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location London, United Kingdom o Member of Pan-European Consumer staples team (consistent top 3 rankings in II and Extel surveys)o Lead analyst on European/US Tobacco and supporting analyst on Consumer staples coverage (Food, HPC, Bevs)My role was to produce fundamental research and discuss recommendations with clients. Significant research contributions were reviewed by the department research committee and discussed in the team on a regular basis. The role included ongoing monitoring of companies under coverage and sector trends, meetings with senior management and developing detailed financial models.Research pieces have included; Chr Hansen (02 Nov 2012), Oriflame (20 Feb 2013), Swedish Match (25 April 2013) and initiation reports on BAT, Imperial, PMI (24 March 2014). Co-founder Company Name ResonanceIQ Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location London, United Kingdom o Co-founded mini-consulting firm consisting of MSc and PhD students from Cambridge and LSEo Focus on technology-driven businesses in ICT, life sciences and healthcare sectorso Clients; S&P500 and C20 companies, start-ups in the Cambridge and Copenhagen areao Annual revenues: £25,000The company was set up to provide a platform to source projects from our contacts in the corporate sector. Projects were led by a co-founder and team members sourced from our network of postgraduate students with relevant academic and professional experience. I provided financial analysis on projects ranging from evaluating an investment case for a multinational to assessing the market potential for a start-up company. Summer analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos Consumer Staples team with coverage of European Food and HPC sectorsDeveloped model and initiation note on €7bn+ Scandinavian conglomerateContributed to sector note assessing underlying market growth rates for companies under coverage See more positions Education London School of Economics and Political Science Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Alternative investment Society Chinese Development Society Coursework included quantitative method (mathematics, programming and computer simulations), financial accounting and macro finance. University of California, Berkeley Degree Name B.Sc. Field Of Study Economics and Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Independent research on innovation in listed companies - Challenges in corporate governance Invited to the National Society of Collegiate Scholars for academic performance at UC Berkeley (top 10% of graduating class)Assisted professor Richard Gilbert in his research on mergers and acquisitions Københavns Universitet Degree Name B.Sc. Field Of Study Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Copenhagen Organizational Psychology Network - Founder Danish Psychology Student Union - Board Member European Federation of Psychology Students Association - Fundraiser See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 8 endorsements for Valuation 8 Valuation Endorsed by Michel Debs and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jimmie’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 8 endorsements for Financial Modeling 8 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Michel Debs, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jimmie’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Derivatives See 5 endorsements for Derivatives 5 Derivatives Benoît TRIOUX and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jimmie has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Applied Corporate Finance Financial Reporting in Capital Markets Global Financial System International Finance Quantitative Finance Quantitative Methods for Finance Simulation Modelling and Analysis Valuation and Security Analysis Jimmie has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Danish English Norwegian Swedish Jimmie has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Jimmie has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization CFA Society UK Interests CAGE | Consumer Analyst Group of Europe 1,394 members Financial Times 2,239,621 followers The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) 272,640 followers Københavns Universitet 149,692 followers University of California, Berkeley 499,165 followers University of California, Berkeley 524,470 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ragini has a account Ragini Kumari Undergraduate Management Student at Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies The Editorial Board, SSCBS Shaheed Sukhdev College Of Business Studies New Delhi Area, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Ragini’s Activity 693 followers Once you've had the realization that you deserve better, it becomes easier to take action: https://lnkd.in/dMUbNEQ Ragini liked See all activity Experience Advisory Committee Member Company Name The Editorial Board, SSCBS Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location New Delhi Area, India Co-founder, The Book Social, SSCBS trust library established by ‘The Editorial Board’ with initiative to exchange best seller books.Proofread, edited, created and invited content for The College Annual Magazine while working in a team of 16 creative individuals Equity Research Analyst Trainee Company Name The Money Roller Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 2 mos Analyzed country’s annual budget, monetary policy, economic survey, rainfall data and their impact on investment opportunities in various sectors. Performed IPO analysis, peer comparison and primary research in metal sector.Analyzed annual reports of various companies and financials through ratio analysis. Income Tax Consultant Trainee Company Name SPA Capital Services Pvt. Ltd. Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 2 mos Location New Delhi Area, India Visited several corporates and advised employees on tax savings instruments, different investment avenues and financial planning.Helped the corporates file their ITR and also worked on internal software of the company used for calculating income tax. Core Committee Member Company Name Communique, The Promotion Cell of SSCBS Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Spearheaded the External Relation Department and led a team of 10 students to facilitate Pan-India campus engagement.Invited 200+ schools from all over India and handled all their cases and affairs. Successfully headed a collaboration with CTA. Business Development & Content Writing Company Name Bluegape Lifestyle Pvt. Ltd. Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location New Delhi Area, India Aimed to engage and maximize the number of bloggers on Bluegape. Built and lead visual Bloggers Club in SSCBS campus.Engaged youth in the project with a target to bring together a group of conveners or campus ambassadors from all over India.Supervised a team of approx. 30 students and mentored them on blog writing. Worked simultaneously as a blogger on Bluegape. See more positions Education Shaheed Sukhdev College Of Business Studies Degree Name Bachelor of Business Studies Field Of Study Business Management and Finance Grade 73.27% (till 4th semester) Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Socities: The Editorial Board of SSCBS Communique, The Promotion Cell of SSCBS Enactus, SSCBS. Activities: 1. Organizing Committee member in annual cultural fest, Crescendo. 2. Participated in Yuva Young Entrepreneurship Workshop Creane Memorial School Degree Name Intermediate, Field Of Study 12th - PCM Grade 93.6% Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Activities and Societies: The Drama Society, First position in Tug of War, Participated in Clean Gaya City Rally Creane Memorial High School Degree Name Matriculation Field Of Study 10th Grade 10 CGPA Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 4 endorsements for Finance 4 Finance Kapil Panchal and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 4 endorsements for Financial Analysis 4 Financial Analysis Kapil Panchal and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Accounting See 3 endorsements for Financial Accounting 3 Financial Accounting Kapil Panchal and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ragini has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects DU Innovation Project: Impact of IFRS Adoption on Indian Companies: An Empirical Study Impact of Social Media on our Conversational Language Income Tax Planning of Individual Assesse and e-filing of ITR Teleworking: Benefits and Challenges Ragini has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Interests Delhi University 420,476 followers Business Standard 190,568 followers Daniel GolemanDaniel Goleman is a LinkedIn Influencer What Makes a Leader? Emotional and Social Intelligence 3,956,448 followers McKinsey & Company 1,398,422 followers Sharekhan 10,690 followers Financial Times 2,239,624 followers See all See all following
More Actions James has a account James Murray Quantitative Equity Research Analyst at Citi Citi UCL London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director, Quantitative Researcher Company Name Citi Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location London, United Kingdom Quantitative Researcher Company Name Macquarie Group Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location London, United Kingdom Quantitative and Risk Analyst Company Name Man Investments Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location London / Zurich Education UCL Degree Name Master of Philosophy (MPhil) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2019 De Montfort University Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Intelligent Systems and Machine Learning Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Birkbeck College, University of London Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 40 endorsements for Equity Research 40 Equity Research Endorsed by Dominik Frauendienst, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 22 endorsements for Hedge Funds 22 Hedge Funds Endorsed by John Del Cioppo Jr, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of James’ colleagues at Macquarie Group Click and drag to reorder skills Quantitative Finance See 19 endorsements for Quantitative Finance 19 Quantitative Finance Endorsed by Michael G. Kollo, PhD, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of James’ colleagues at Macquarie Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments James has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Member; Signal Processing and Intelligent Systems Societies Member Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder Interests De Montfort University 83,900 followers Macquarie Group 156,044 followers De Montfort University 79,971 followers Birkbeck, University of London 45,783 followers The University of Manchester 237,431 followers The University of Manchester 249,892 followers See all See all following
More Actions John C. has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium John C. Murphy Portfolio Manager of Emerging and International Strategies at William Blair Investment Management William Blair Villanova University Greater Chicago Area 465 465 connections InMail Partner of William Blair & Company. Portfolio Manager of Emerging Markets and International Strategies. Highlights Experience Portfolio Manager Company Name William Blair Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater Chicago Area I am a Portfolio Manager of an Emerging Markets equity strategy and an International equity strategy on the William Blair Global Team. With my fellow PMs, I construct portfolios of high quality growth companies for institutional investors' separately managed accounts and mutual funds. Director of Global Equity Research & Portfolio Manager Company Name William Blair Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater Chicago Area As Co-Director of Research, I lead a team of international equity research analysts which provide investment ideas for international portfolios with assets under management of approximately $35 billion. As a Portfolio Manager, I am involved in constructing portfolios of high quality growth companies for institutional investors and mutual funds. International Consumer Analyst; Co-Portfolio Manager Company Name William Blair & Company Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Chicago Area As the Large Cap International consumer analyst, evaluate investment attractiveness of consumer companies located outside the U.S. with a market capitalization greater than US$5.0 billion. Recommend buy, hold, and sell to a team of portfolio managers with assets under management of exceeding US$30 billion.Also, serve as a Co-Portfolio Manager on International Equity Portfolios. International Consumer Analyst for Equity Investment Management Company Name William Blair and Company Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Chicago, IL Evaluate investment attractiveness of consumer companies located outside the U.S. with a market capitalization greater than US$5.0 billion. Recommend buy, hold, and sell to a team of portfolio managers with assets under management of exceeding US$30 billion. Sell-side Equity Research Analyst Company Name William Blair and Company Dates Employed May 2005 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Sell-side equity research analyst researching companies in e-commerce and hardlines retailing. See more positions Education Villanova University Degree Name BA Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1992 Volunteer Experience Board of Directors and Ex-Officio (Treasurer) Company Name East Lake Academy Dates volunteered Jul 2003 – Present Volunteer duration 14 yrs Cause Education Skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management Portfolio Management Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Managment Asset Managment Click and drag to reorder skills Investments Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments John C. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst John C. has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Institute for Chartered Financial Analysts Interests Global Investment Research 7,042 members EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY INVESTOR NETWORK 15,867 members Retail Industry Professionals Group 615,622 members William Blair 12,021 followers Archdiocese of Chicago 5,378 followers Atlanta Capital Management Co., LLC 679 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rojaline has a account Rojaline Swain equity research analyst at concept securities Concept Securities Pvt. Ltd Samithi english medium Surat, Gujarat, India 93 93 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Concept Securities Pvt. Ltd Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Surat, Gujarat, India Education Samithi english medium Degree Name Hsc passed out Field Of Study Commerce Grade A Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Chatered financial analysis cfa level1 candidate Degree Name Cfa Field Of Study Aspiring investor,analyst Grade Persuing level 1 of cfa Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 SDJ International College Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) Field Of Study Business/Commerce, General Grade A Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Awarded for sportsman ship in running , volleyball, 1st runner up in dancing inter college compition , a debate compitior , certificates a gud performance in curicular activities, certificates for participation in various clg compitions, ✌️ See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Reporting See 2 endorsements for Financial Reporting 2 Financial Reporting Chintan Bhindora and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 2 endorsements for Equities 2 Equities Chintan Bhindora and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Fixed Income See 2 endorsements for Fixed Income 2 Fixed Income Chintan Bhindora and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Narendra ModiNarendra Modi is a LinkedIn Influencer Prime Minister of India 2,176,002 followers SDJ International College 253 followers Ann HandleyAnn Handley is a LinkedIn Influencer Digital marketing & content expert. Wall Street Journal bestselling author. Keynote speaker. 244,123 followers Veer Narmad South Gujarat University, Surat 5,635 followers James Caan CBEJames Caan CBE is a LinkedIn Influencer Serial Entrepreneur and Investor in People with Passion 2,851,167 followers Banking Strategy Thinkers 25,467 members See all See all following
More Actions Sherri has a account Sherri Malek Vice President, Equity Research Analyst at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bank of America Merrill Lynch Imperial College London London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs European Luxury Goods analyst, prior to which covered European Food Retail for 3 years. Equity Research Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed 2009 – 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Analyst in the European Automotive and Renewable Energy teams. Education Imperial College London Degree Name Masters of Chemical Engineering (MEng) Grade First Class Honours (1:1) Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 11 endorsements for Equity Research 11 Equity Research Endorsed by Andrew Byrne, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sherri’s colleagues at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 7 endorsements for Equities 7 Equities Endorsed by Andrew Byrne, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sherri’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Andrew Byrne, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sherri has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Additional Honors & Awards Interests Bank of America Merrill Lynch 95,986 followers Imperial College London 141,177 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Imperial College London 156,145 followers
More Actions Akash has a account Akash Chandgothia Equity Research Analyst at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs IE Business School Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience US Tactical Research Group, Global Investment Research Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India Business Analyst Company Name Crest Wealth Management Private Limited Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Audit Assistant Company Name B. M. Chatrath & Co. Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Kolkata Area, India Industries: Energy and Food ManufacturingWorked full-time as Audit Assistant on various statutory and internal audits for a wide range of companies in different sectors, with a major focus on the energy and food manufacturing industries. The work involved regular travelling to various locations of the client offices to conduct the audit.Some key highlights of my work experience:• Conducted audit procedures in accordance with provisions of the GAAP, IFRS and Companies Act, 1956• Performed annual and quarterly review of the financial statements of companies, including extensive fundamental analysis, analytical review and ratio analysis• Performed internal control checks and identified, tested and documented results and recommendations for senior management review• Supported senior auditors in investigation of fluctuations for Income Statement accounts and drafting of reports addressed to the client in response to material discrepancies identified during the auditSkills acquired: Financial reporting, assurance services, report generation, SAP (FICO module), teamwork, efficient time management Education IE Business School Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Finance (Major: Investments) Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Activities and Societies: IE Capital Markets Club, IE Finance Club, IE Energy Club, IE India Club Dual Degree Master in International Management and Master in FinanceIE Business School is ranked #3 globally (Financial Times, 2016) for its Master in Finance program. The Masters program has a robust curriculum which follows a very practical, forward-looking approach to prepare its candidates for various sectors of the finance industry. IE Business School Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study International Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Program Experience Ambassador, 2015 Dual Degree Masters in International Management and Masters in FinanceIE Business School (Instituto de Empresa) is ranked among the top 10 business schools globally for its Master in Management program. The Masters program exposes students to a case-based learning environment with an entrepreneurial approach and a diverse set of top, internationally-minded candidates. CFA Institute, USA Field Of Study Investment Management Grade Level 2 Candidate Relevant Topics: Ethics and Professional Standards, Quantitative Methods, Economics, Financial Statements' Analysis, Portfolio Management, Corporate Finance, Equity Investments, Fixed Income, Derivatives, Alternative Investments See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 21 endorsements for Finance 21 Finance Endorsed by Mohamed Mbaye, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Private Equity See 3 endorsements for Private Equity 3 Private Equity Jose Manuel Vizcaino Feijoo and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 3 endorsements for Valuation 3 Valuation Jose Manuel Vizcaino Feijoo and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Davide Amato Analyst at StormHarbour Securities October 4, 2016, Davide and Akash were students together I have had the pleasure of being in the same classes with Akash during both our Master in Management and Master in Finance programs at IE Business School. Akash has many great qualities: he's smart, dedicated, easy to get along with, and definitely hard working. I have enjoyed working on my final project of the Master in Finance with Akash, who was always on point, proactive, and determined. He greatly contributed to our group's final grade ("A") and delivered a great final presentation.I definitely recommend to everyone to take any chance to work with him, as he is an invaluable assets to every team and every project he works on. Mihir Bhalla Investment Banking Analyst at Kriscore Financial Advisory June 16, 2016, Akash and Mihir were students together I had the pleasure of being in the same class as Mihir during our Master's in Finance degree at IE Business School. In addition to being an extremely bright and highly motivated student, I got to know Mihir as someone who always gets his work done both on time and aiming for the highest standards of quality. Accomplishments Akash has 27 courses 27 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Corporate Finance Advanced Financial Modelling Analysis & Selection of Funds Asset Management Competitive Strategy Derivatives and Risk Management Economic Environment Entrepreneurship Financial Accounting Financial Math Programming Akash has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Advanced Excel - Beginner to Ninja Level Bloomberg Essentials Training Program (BESS) - Equity Markets Integrated Professional Competence Examination (IPCE) Passed CFA Level 1 Examination Akash has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Bengali English Hindi Spanish Akash has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Leveraged Buyout (LBO) Valuation - Manhattan Associates, Inc. Solar Energy in India i2i Consulting Lab - 3M Akash has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Dual Degree Master's Scholarship Akash has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score International English Language Testing System (IELTS) Interests Research analyst jobs in mumbai 1,824 members Solar Energy & Finance 3,214 members Private Equity Investment Group | PrivateEquity.com 184,458 members JPMorgan Chase & Co. 936,790 followers IE Alumni - Official group 24,967 members Santiago IniguezSantiago Iniguez is a LinkedIn Influencer President IE University, Chair AACSB 114,647 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dennis has a account Dennis Klaeser Chief Financial Officer at Talmer Bancorp, Inc. Talmer Bank & Trust, formerly First Michigan Bank Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Dennis Klaeser is Chief Financial Officer and Executive Managing Director of the Talmer Bancorp. Dennis previously served as CFO of PrivateBancorp, Inc. from 2003 through 2009. In addition to his experience as CFO, Dennis spent over 12 years as an investment banker and equity research analyst focused on Midwest community banks. Dennis earned an MBA from Northwestern University, MA degrees from the University of Chicago, and a BA from Lawrence University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Financial Officer Company Name Talmer Bank & Trust, formerly First Michigan Bank Dates Employed May 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Location Troy, MIchigan Senior Vice President / Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Raymond James Dates Employed Apr 2009 – May 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Wrote research on Midwest bank stocks. Chief Financial Officer Company Name PrivateBancorp, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2003 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs Chief Financial Officer Company Name The PrivateBank and Trust Company Dates Employed 2003 – 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs Managing Director Company Name Arthur Andersen Corporate Finance Dates Employed 2000 – 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Chicago Advised clients on complex M&A transactions, restructurings, financings, and divestures. Selected transactions: $125 million sale of Midwest Security Insurance Company to UnitedHealth Group; recapitalization of TransAdvantage, a tractor-trailer leasing company; advised Mizuho Bank on disposition of a distressed portfolio of U.S. commercial loans. See more positions Education Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance and Management Policy Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1991 The University of Chicago Degree Name M.A. Field Of Study Public Policy Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1982 Lawrence University Degree Name B.A. Field Of Study Liberal Arts Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1980 Featured Skills & Endorsements Mergers & Acquisitions See 34 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 34 Mergers & Acquisitions Endorsed by Michael Iannaccone and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Dennis’ colleagues at The Private Bank And Trust Company Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 33 endorsements for Portfolio Management 33 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Chris DuBos and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Dennis’ colleagues at Raymond James Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 31 endorsements for Finance 31 Finance Endorsed by Jean-Luc Servat and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Dennis’ colleagues at Raymond James Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Cindy Rundorff Experienced Risk Management Professional May 31, 2012, Dennis was senior to Cindy but didn’t manage directly I worked closely with Cindy during the four years we worked together at The PrivateBank. Cindy played a leadership role in upgrading the bank’s allowance for loan loss methodology, analytics and documentation. The ALLL model she developed was complex and sophisticated as it incorporated detailed analytics on historical loss rates by loan types and ratings, migration patterns and environmental factors. Cindy not only has strong analytical skills, but she also is able to clearly and effectively articulate her work and analysis both verbally and in written memos to executive management, board members, auditors and bank examiners. In addition to having a well-rounded skill set, Cindy has an exceptional work ethic and could always be counted on to deliver her work within tight time frames. I strongly recommend Cindy for leadership roles in risk management and the ALLL process. Accomplishments Interests Andersen Alumni Association 21,675 members Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management 90,528 followers Lawrence University 11,503 followers The University of Chicago 117,304 followers Lawrence University 12,000 followers Community Bank Group 32,153 members See all See all following
More Actions Ben has a account Ben Shuleva Equity Research Analyst and Portfolio Manager at Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments Southern Methodist University Boston, Massachusetts 219 219 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Fidelity Investments Education Southern Methodist University Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ben has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests Southern Methodist University 97,401 followers Fidelity Investments 311,710 followers Southern Methodist University 93,821 followers
More Actions Jonathan has a account Jonathan Schildkraut Chief Strategy Officer -- CyrusOne CyrusOne NYU School of Law Dallas, Texas 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience EVP - Chief Strategy Officer Company Name CyrusOne Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Dallas, Texas Senior Managing Director - Communcations Infrastructure & Telecom Services Equity Research Company Name Guggenheim Securities Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 6 mos Location New York, NY Senior Managing Director - Head of Telecom Services Equity Research Company Name Evercore ISI Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs 4 mos Managing Director - Telecom Services Equity Research Company Name Jefferies & Company Dates Employed 2005 – 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs Vice President - Telecom Research Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed 2002 – 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs See more positions Education NYU School of Law Degree Name JD Field Of Study 1997 Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study 1997 Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 University of Michigan Degree Name BBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Telecommunications See 26 endorsements for Telecommunications 26 Telecommunications Endorsed by Jacky Wu and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Evercore Click and drag to reorder skills Due Diligence See 13 endorsements for Due Diligence 13 Due Diligence Endorsed by 2 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Jefferies Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 12 endorsements for Equity Research 12 Equity Research Endorsed by Kip Paulson, CFA, CPA (inactive) and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Jefferies Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jason Starr Vice President, Investor Relations at Proofpoint May 12, 2015, Jonathan worked with Jason but at different companies In late 2003, when the data center industry had been left for dead and only a few of Wall Street's firms were looking at companies in the sector - my firm decided it was time to restart our research efforts. At the time, no sector research remained. And, as we launched back into the group, I worked closely with Jason on how to think about EQIX and how to think about the broader secular thesis. Together, we created a framework for analyzing performance, projecting revs, flow-thru margins, and the capital expenditures necessary to support that growth. Many of these metrics are the ones that the vast majority of the industry uses today - and, so, in many ways, I view Jason as the grandfather of data center services metric creation. In the time we worked together (from 2003 until today), I have never found a more valuable partner in articulating a company's value proposition to investors - and few better friends. There is no shortage of superlatives I could laud upon Jason - but sufficed to say, he is one of the very best. Accomplishments Interests BMO Financial Group 119,306 followers Evercore 22,815 followers University of Michigan 368,679 followers The SkyDox Community 148 members NYU Stern School of Business 89,949 followers NYU Stern School of Business 100,902 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lara has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Lara Warner Chief Compliance and Regulatory Affairs Officer at Credit Suisse (Group) AG Credit Suisse (Group) AG Penn State University Zürich Area, Switzerland 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Lara J. Warner is the Chief Compliance and Regulatory Affairs Officer and a member of the Executive Boards of Credit Suisse Group and Credit Suisse. From 2013 to 2015, Mrs. Warner was Chief Operating Officer of the Investment Banking division and ad-interim Chief Financial Officer, based in New York, and a member of the Investment Bank Operating Committee. In her role as Chief Compliance and Regulatory Affairs Officer, Mrs. Warner oversees Credit Suisse's compliance with the global regulatory environment, the banks policies and controls, and with her team, manages all compliance issues arising within the bank. From 2010 to 2015, Mrs. Warner was the Chief Financial Officer for the Investment Banking division. Previously, she was the Global Head of Fixed Income and Economic Research, and before that, served as Head of US Equity Research. Mrs. Warner joined Credit Suisse in 2002 as a senior equity research analyst covering the cable television, wireline and wireless telecommunications services and satellite industries. Mrs. Warner served as a member on the Managing Director Evaluation Committee (MDEC) during 2008 and 2009. Prior to joining the Credit Suisse, Mrs. Warner was a senior research analyst at Lehman Brothers, where she covered the cable television industry. Before joining Lehman Brothers in March 2001, Mrs. Warner spent 10 years at AT&T, most recently as Director of Investor Relations and previously as Chief Financial Officer for AT&T's Competitive Local Exchange business unit efforts nationwide. Mrs. Warner is Chair of the Women's Leadership Board of Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government and a Board Member of the Aspen Institute's Business and Society Program. Mrs. Warner holds a B.S. from Pennsylvania State University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Compliance and Regulatory Affairs Officer Company Name Credit Suisse (Group) AG Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Zürich Area, Switzerland COO / CFO - Investment Bank Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location New York Managing Director - Head of Global Fixed Income Research Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 7 mos Managing Director - Director of Research - Equity Research Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Cable and Telecom Equity Research Analyst from 2001-2004 Education Penn State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 11 endorsements for Strategy 11 Strategy Endorsed by Adam Quinton and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Lara’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 10 endorsements for Capital Markets 10 Capital Markets Endorsed by Gaël de Boissard, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Lara’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 7 endorsements for Financial Analysis 7 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Adam Quinton, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lara’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Lara has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Aspen Institute's Business and Society Program Smeal College Board of Visitors Women's Leadership Board of Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government Interests Penn State University 460,486 followers The Penn State Alumni Association 87,494 members Clara ShihClara Shih is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO of Hearsay 461,618 followers Mike BloombergMike Bloomberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur, philanthropist, and three-term mayor of New York City 800,977 followers Penn State University 445,450 followers Credit Suisse 453,195 followers See all See all following
More Actions Evan has a account Evan Kurtz, CFA Executive Director, Equity Research at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail II ranked equity research analyst at Morgan Stanley. My experience includes in-depth company and industry analysis, IPO vetting, macro-economic analysis, cross-asset class investing, corporate access facilitation and M&A analysis. Sector experience includes: Steel, Coal, Specialty Metals, Non-ferrous Metals, Gold, Paper and Forest Products and Homebuilders. Specialties: Deep industry contacts from CEOs to line managers, business / financial analysis, commodity price forecasting, macro-economic sensitivity analysis, investment research, business writing, global collaboration and corporate marketing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Executive Director - Head of North American Metals and Mining Equity Research Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed May 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 2 mos II ranked equity research analyst analyst responsible for coverage of metals, steel, coal and gold sectors. Senior Associate Company Name Hudson Square Research/Soleil Securities Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Jan 2006 Employment Duration 7 mos Provided sell-side research for emerging technology microcap companies. Project Manager Company Name Johnson Controls Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Jul 2005 Employment Duration 5 yrs Project manager on the major and complex projects team in the NE region of the US. Account Executive Company Name United Technologies Dates Employed Mar 1999 – Aug 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Sold HVAC systems and services to clients in the NYC area. Sales Engineer Company Name United Technologies Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Mar 1999 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Mexico City Area, Mexico Sold digital control systems to clients thoughout the country of Mexico. Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Graduate Finance Association, Emerging Markets Association University of Rochester Degree Name 1996 Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 26 endorsements for Equity Research 26 Equity Research Endorsed by Daniel Ernst and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Evan’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 23 endorsements for Equities 23 Equities Endorsed by Rich Johnson and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Evan’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 13 endorsements for Financial Modeling 13 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 4 of Evan’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Craig Lifschutz Entrepreneur / Advisor / Investor January 3, 2014, Evan was a client of Craig’s Craig and I met almost 12 years ago as fellow MBA classmates at NYU’s Stern School of Business. In school, we frequently worked on projects together, and it quickly became apparent that Craig was one of the most intelligent, personable, capable and dependable individuals in our program. Outside of school, Craig’s passion and ability to execute have led him to achieve solid results in all of his endeavors, which range the gamut from investment analysis and wealth management to hedge fund management and even filmmaking. My confidence in Craig’s abilities extends beyond words, and in 2010 I became a client when I invested in his hedge fund, which unsurprisingly for a Craig Lifschutz venture has done quite well. Accomplishments Evan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Steel & Metal Trading 8,525 members NYU Stern School of Business 100,902 followers enerJI Global - Research, Analytics, Business & Management Consulting 32,246 members Steel Market Update 3,631 members University of Rochester 73,988 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gina has a account Gina Szymanski Co-Portfolio Manager/Director at AEW Capital Management AEW Capital Management Carnegie Mellon University - Tepper School of Business Greater Boston Area 465 465 connections Send InMail Co-Portfolio Manager and Director at AEW. Responsible for real estate equity securities (REITs) diversified portfolio strategies in the US and North America. Also a member of AEW's Global Securities Allocation Committee. Highlights Experience Co-Portfolio Manager/Director Company Name AEW Capital Management Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Boston, Massachusetts Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Putnam Investments Dates Employed Aug 2001 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 15 yrs 4 mos Location Boston, MA I am responsible for investment decisions across the Financials Sector including: Banks, REITs, Diversified Financials, and Insurance. I manage a S/MID long-only Financials sleeve, a long/short Financials sleeve for Putnam's Select Equity Hedge Fund, and run the REIT sleeve of Putnam's Research Fund. Analyst Company Name CIBC World Markets Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Aug 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Junior Staff Accountant Company Name Matson Driscoll & Damico Ltd. Dates Employed Jan 1996 – Dec 1997 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Toronto, Canada Area Education Carnegie Mellon University - Tepper School of Business Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2001 University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelor of Mathematics Field Of Study Business Administration and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 18 endorsements for Equities 18 Equities Endorsed by Steve Falci and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Gina’s colleagues at Putnam Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 13 endorsements for Equity Research 13 Equity Research Endorsed by Darren Powell, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Gina’s colleagues at Putnam Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Mutual Funds See 10 endorsements for Mutual Funds 10 Mutual Funds Endorsed by 4 of Gina’s colleagues at Putnam Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gina has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Putnam Investments 25,248 followers Finance Club 1,037,800 members Investment Management professionals 35,482 members AEW Capital Management 3,484 followers University of Waterloo 180,605 followers Carnegie Mellon University - Tepper School of Business 20,383 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rod has a account Rod Salmon Equity Research Analyst Barclays Investment Bank Johannesburg Area, South Africa 498 498 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director Equity Research Company Name Barclays Investment Bank Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location johannesburg area, south africa South African consumer and retail analyst Head of General Mechandise Company Name Pick 'n Pay Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Head of General Merchandise and Cellular. Director Company Name Numis Securities Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Location London Specialised in online retail companies and worked with Shutl, Asos, Ocado and the Hut Group amongst others. Involved in investing and advising online retailers and start ups. CEO Company Name Blackridge Pty Ltd Dates Employed 2006 – 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Johannesburg Investment Strategist Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed 2004 – 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa See more positions Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 27 endorsements for Investments 27 Investments Endorsed by Trurman Zuma and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Rod’s colleagues at Pick n Pay Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 25 endorsements for Equities 25 Equities Endorsed by Sven Forssman and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Rod’s colleagues at Pick n Pay Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 25 endorsements for Strategy 25 Strategy Endorsed by Helmut Hoerz, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Rod’s colleagues at Pick n Pay Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Coles 69,766 followers Steinhoff UK 1,336 followers The SPAR Group Ltd 26,823 followers Massdiscounters t/a Game and Dionwired 4,853 followers BrightHouse 4,815 followers Amazon 2,278,860 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gina has a account Gina Szymanski Co-Portfolio Manager/Director at AEW Capital Management AEW Capital Management Carnegie Mellon University - Tepper School of Business Greater Boston Area 465 465 connections Send InMail Co-Portfolio Manager and Director at AEW. Responsible for real estate equity securities (REITs) diversified portfolio strategies in the US and North America. Also a member of AEW's Global Securities Allocation Committee. Highlights Experience Co-Portfolio Manager/Director Company Name AEW Capital Management Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Boston, Massachusetts Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Putnam Investments Dates Employed Aug 2001 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 15 yrs 4 mos Location Boston, MA I am responsible for investment decisions across the Financials Sector including: Banks, REITs, Diversified Financials, and Insurance. I manage a S/MID long-only Financials sleeve, a long/short Financials sleeve for Putnam's Select Equity Hedge Fund, and run the REIT sleeve of Putnam's Research Fund. Analyst Company Name CIBC World Markets Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Aug 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area Junior Staff Accountant Company Name Matson Driscoll & Damico Ltd. Dates Employed Jan 1996 – Dec 1997 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Toronto, Canada Area Education Carnegie Mellon University - Tepper School of Business Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2001 University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelor of Mathematics Field Of Study Business Administration and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 18 endorsements for Equities 18 Equities Endorsed by Cyril Malak and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Gina’s colleagues at Putnam Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 13 endorsements for Equity Research 13 Equity Research Endorsed by Darren Powell, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Gina’s colleagues at Putnam Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Mutual Funds See 10 endorsements for Mutual Funds 10 Mutual Funds Endorsed by 4 of Gina’s colleagues at Putnam Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gina has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests AEW Capital Management 3,484 followers Finance Club 1,037,800 members Carnegie Mellon University - Tepper School of Business 18,841 followers Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members CFA Institute Members 69,519 members Pete Asmus' Commercial Real Estate Investment, Development, & Property Management 159,536 members See all See all following
More Actions Evan has a account Evan Kurtz, CFA Executive Director, Equity Research at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley NYU Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail II ranked equity research analyst at Morgan Stanley. My experience includes in-depth company and industry analysis, IPO vetting, macro-economic analysis, cross-asset class investing, corporate access facilitation and M&A analysis. Sector experience includes: Steel, Coal, Specialty Metals, Non-ferrous Metals, Gold, Paper and Forest Products and Homebuilders. Specialties: Deep industry contacts from CEOs to line managers, business / financial analysis, commodity price forecasting, macro-economic sensitivity analysis, investment research, business writing, global collaboration and corporate marketing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Executive Director - Head of North American Metals and Mining Equity Research Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed May 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 2 mos II ranked equity research analyst analyst responsible for coverage of metals, steel, coal and gold sectors. Senior Associate Company Name Hudson Square Research/Soleil Securities Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Jan 2006 Employment Duration 7 mos Provided sell-side research for emerging technology microcap companies. Project Manager Company Name Johnson Controls Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Jul 2005 Employment Duration 5 yrs Project manager on the major and complex projects team in the NE region of the US. Account Executive Company Name United Technologies Dates Employed Mar 1999 – Aug 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Sold HVAC systems and services to clients in the NYC area. Sales Engineer Company Name United Technologies Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Mar 1999 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Mexico City Area, Mexico Sold digital control systems to clients thoughout the country of Mexico. Education NYU Stern School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Graduate Finance Association, Emerging Markets Association University of Rochester Degree Name 1996 Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 26 endorsements for Equity Research 26 Equity Research Endorsed by Daniel Ernst and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Evan’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 23 endorsements for Equities 23 Equities Endorsed by Rich Johnson and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Evan’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 13 endorsements for Financial Modeling 13 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 4 of Evan’s colleagues at Morgan Stanley Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Craig Lifschutz Entrepreneur / Advisor / Investor January 3, 2014, Evan was a client of Craig’s Craig and I met almost 12 years ago as fellow MBA classmates at NYU’s Stern School of Business. In school, we frequently worked on projects together, and it quickly became apparent that Craig was one of the most intelligent, personable, capable and dependable individuals in our program. Outside of school, Craig’s passion and ability to execute have led him to achieve solid results in all of his endeavors, which range the gamut from investment analysis and wealth management to hedge fund management and even filmmaking. My confidence in Craig’s abilities extends beyond words, and in 2010 I became a client when I invested in his hedge fund, which unsurprisingly for a Craig Lifschutz venture has done quite well. Accomplishments Evan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests China Steel 中国钢铁 2,367 members MEPS Steelmaking Raw Materials 2,012 members AIST - Association for Iron & Steel Technology 12,002 members Vontobel Asset Management 2,653 followers NYU Stern School of Business 89,949 followers Steel Market Update 3,631 members See all See all following
More Actions Lara has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Lara Warner Chief Compliance and Regulatory Affairs Officer at Credit Suisse (Group) AG Credit Suisse (Group) AG Penn State University Zürich Area, Switzerland 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Lara J. Warner is the Chief Compliance and Regulatory Affairs Officer and a member of the Executive Boards of Credit Suisse Group and Credit Suisse. From 2013 to 2015, Mrs. Warner was Chief Operating Officer of the Investment Banking division and ad-interim Chief Financial Officer, based in New York, and a member of the Investment Bank Operating Committee. In her role as Chief Compliance and Regulatory Affairs Officer, Mrs. Warner oversees Credit Suisse's compliance with the global regulatory environment, the banks policies and controls, and with her team, manages all compliance issues arising within the bank. From 2010 to 2015, Mrs. Warner was the Chief Financial Officer for the Investment Banking division. Previously, she was the Global Head of Fixed Income and Economic Research, and before that, served as Head of US Equity Research. Mrs. Warner joined Credit Suisse in 2002 as a senior equity research analyst covering the cable television, wireline and wireless telecommunications services and satellite industries. Mrs. Warner served as a member on the Managing Director Evaluation Committee (MDEC) during 2008 and 2009. Prior to joining the Credit Suisse, Mrs. Warner was a senior research analyst at Lehman Brothers, where she covered the cable television industry. Before joining Lehman Brothers in March 2001, Mrs. Warner spent 10 years at AT&T, most recently as Director of Investor Relations and previously as Chief Financial Officer for AT&T's Competitive Local Exchange business unit efforts nationwide. Mrs. Warner is Chair of the Women's Leadership Board of Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government and a Board Member of the Aspen Institute's Business and Society Program. Mrs. Warner holds a B.S. from Pennsylvania State University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Compliance and Regulatory Affairs Officer Company Name Credit Suisse (Group) AG Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Zürich Area, Switzerland COO / CFO - Investment Bank Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location New York Managing Director - Head of Global Fixed Income Research Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 7 mos Managing Director - Director of Research - Equity Research Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Nov 2009 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Cable and Telecom Equity Research Analyst from 2001-2004 Education Penn State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 11 endorsements for Strategy 11 Strategy Endorsed by Adam Quinton and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Lara’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 10 endorsements for Capital Markets 10 Capital Markets Endorsed by Gaël de Boissard, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Lara’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 7 endorsements for Financial Analysis 7 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Adam Quinton, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lara’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Lara has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Aspen Institute's Business and Society Program Smeal College Board of Visitors Women's Leadership Board of Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government Interests Clara ShihClara Shih is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO of Hearsay 461,618 followers Penn State University 445,453 followers Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Network - The #1 Group for CFOs 419,639 members The Penn State Alumni Association 87,494 members Credit Suisse 453,195 followers Mike BloombergMike Bloomberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur, philanthropist, and three-term mayor of New York City 800,978 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rod has a account Rod Salmon Equity Research Analyst Barclays Investment Bank Johannesburg Area, South Africa 498 498 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director Equity Research Company Name Barclays Investment Bank Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location johannesburg area, south africa South African consumer and retail analyst Head of General Mechandise Company Name Pick 'n Pay Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Head of General Merchandise and Cellular. Director Company Name Numis Securities Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos Location London Specialised in online retail companies and worked with Shutl, Asos, Ocado and the Hut Group amongst others. Involved in investing and advising online retailers and start ups. CEO Company Name Blackridge Pty Ltd Dates Employed 2006 – 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Johannesburg Investment Strategist Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed 2004 – 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa See more positions Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 27 endorsements for Investments 27 Investments Endorsed by Trurman Zuma and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Rod’s colleagues at Pick n Pay Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 25 endorsements for Equities 25 Equities Endorsed by Sven Forssman and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Rod’s colleagues at Pick n Pay Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 25 endorsements for Strategy 25 Strategy Endorsed by Helmut Hoerz, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Rod’s colleagues at Pick n Pay Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests MYER 39,398 followers Merrill Lynch 396,679 followers STANLIB 9,550 followers Apple 3,466,308 followers FNB South Africa 175,590 followers Bankers & Finance Professionals of South Africa 4,956 members See all See all following
More Actions Harry has a account Harry Katica SVP, Director of Private Client Research at Raymond James Financial Raymond James Financial, Inc. Eckerd College Clearwater, Florida 12 12 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Harry Katica began his career in the investment industry more than 30 years ago as a research liaison for Raymond James Equity Research. He rose to become a research analyst by 1986, covering Florida-based companies and the specialty retail sector before departing Raymond James in 1997 to cover the specialty retail sector for first Prudential Securities and then Southwest Securities. Mr. Katica was twice recognized in The Wall Street Journal’s Best On The Street survey. Mr. Katica returned to Raymond James as a financial advisor in 2006 and returned to the research liaison office in his current leadership role in 2008. In his current position he seeks to draw upon his diverse experience as both an equity research analyst and retail financial advisor to help make research easier for advisors to use. Mr. Katica graduated from Eckerd College with a B.A. degree in economics with honors and earned his designation as a Chartered Financial Analyst in 1993. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience SVP, Director of Private Client Research Company Name Raymond James Financial, Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 8 yrs 8 mos Director of Private Client Research Company Name Raymond James Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 8 yrs 8 mos Location United States Education Eckerd College Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Economics Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Harry has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Eckerd College 17,619 followers Raymond James 49,048 followers Eckerd College 16,760 followers
More Actions Emmy has a account Emmy Mathews Equity Research Analyst at Brown Advisory Brown Advisory Washington and Lee University Baltimore, Maryland 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Emmy’s Activity 867 followers A big day today presented both live and on a recorded basis to CFA Switzerland at the Thomson Reuters offices in Zurich. https://lnkd.in/gn2sJ-X Emmy liked Megan Moore - Sr. Content Marketing Manager + Client Advisor at Beacon Digital Marketing Emmy liked See all activity Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Brown Advisory Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Baltimore, MD Brown Advisory is an independent investment management firm committed to delivering a combination of first-class performance, strategic advice and the highest level of service.As a Technology analyst on the research team, I support Brown Advisory's internal strategies, researching and recommending software and services companies under $4B in market capitalization. Media (1) This position has 1 media Profits, Not Vapor: Titans Emerge in Cloud Computing | Brown Advisory | Thoughtful Investing Profits, Not Vapor: Titans Emerge in Cloud Computing | Brown Advisory | Thoughtful Investing This media is a link Equity Research Junior Associate Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jun 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater New York City Area US Media team, concentrating on the Entertainment names Associate Analyst Intern Company Name Legg Mason Capital Management Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Baltimore, MD Intern in the Research department Education Washington and Lee University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Philosophy Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa, Omicron Delta Kappa, Kappa Alpha Theta Sorority, Williams Investment Society, Field Hockey and Lacrosse two-year Captain, Kathekon, Teach for America Campus Rep BA in Philosophy with a double-major in Business Administration The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2009 Summer program Bryn Mawr School for Girls Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Field Hockey, Lacrosse Volunteer Experience Mentor - The Crossroads School Company Name Living Classrooms Foundation Dates volunteered Sep 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 10 mos Cause Education The Crossroads School is a public, tuition-free charter middle school operated by Living Classrooms Foundation through a contract with the Baltimore City Public School System. Mentors partner with a student for her three years at Crossroads, meeting regularly and acting as another trusted adult in her life. Treasurer and Board Member - Alumnae Association Company Name The Bryn Mawr School Dates volunteered Jun 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Cause Education Member - Alumni Admissions Program Company Name Washington and Lee University Dates volunteered Oct 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 1 yr 9 mos Cause Education Members interview prospective W&L students. See more volunteer experiences Skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation Equity Valuation Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis Financial Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Investments Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Emmy has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder Emmy has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Learn to Code: Build a Website in a Weekend Interests ATN International 2,282 followers Brown Advisory 8,580 followers inContact 11,758 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,943,396 followers Betamore 803 followers Genesys | Interactive Intelligence 41,829 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anurag has a account Anurag Rana Sector Head and Senior Analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence Bloomberg State University of New York College at Buffalo Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Anurag’s Activity 1,349 followers Airlines likely to focus cash on share buybacks, not airplanes in an environment where fuel prices seem tame and yields are under pressure. Bloomberg subscribers can read the rest of the Paris Air Show preview here: https://lnkd.in/eXMpjw9 #aerospace #PAS17 Paris Air Show wrap-up webinar, open to all - you don't have to be a Bloomberg subscriber, sign up here: https://lnkd.in/e4GHnBu Anurag liked Had a great TV conversation with Dikembe Mutombo about business, basketball & philosophy. He's an inspirational leader...and much taller than he looks in this picture. Anurag liked Honored to be chairing a plenary session at the Rational Combinations 360 conference. We'll have some heavy hitters taking part in the panels: https://goo.gl/H1aDlI Anurag liked Paris Air Show likely light on orders except for the large narrowbody segment where a market share fight likely breaks out between a Boeing MAX 10 and Airbus A321. Read the rest of the Paris Air Show preview here: https://lnkd.in/eXMpjw9 #aerospace Paris Air Show wrap-up webinar, open to all, sign up here: https://lnkd.in/e4GHnBu Anurag liked Great fun to learn from experts and present the @Bloomberg Intelligence perspective at today's 21st Global Chlor-Alkali conference. Many signs the #chlorine #chemicals chain is poised for several years of strong performance. #WCA17 Anurag liked With June 9 being the initial compliance date for the Labor Department's fiduciary duty standards, there are a lot of questions of what the future holds and whether the SEC will weigh in. Our take is that it'll be tweaked - not killed, don't expect the SEC rule anytime soon and Congress will have difficulty overturning it. See more of our analysis on the Bloomberg Terminal. Anurag liked See all activity Experience Sector Head and Senior Analyst - Equity Research - IT Services and Software Company Name Bloomberg Dates Employed 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research Vice President and Senior Analyst - Equity Research - IT Services Company Name KeyBanc Capital Markets Dates Employed 2003 – 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs Risk Reviewer - Market Risk Review Company Name KeyCorp Dates Employed 1999 – 2003 Employment Duration 4 yrs Education State University of New York College at Buffalo Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Financial Institutions & Markets and MIS Delhi University Degree Name B.Sc Field Of Study Physics Skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation Valuation Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets Capital Markets Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Box 76,955 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,943,397 followers Cathy EngelbertCathy Engelbert is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Deloitte 19,024 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,805 followers Betty LiuBetty Liu is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder/CEO at Radiate, Inc. 309,436 followers Cramer Rosenthal McGlynn, LLC 345 followers See all See all following
More Actions yibin has a account yibin he Senior Equity Research Analyst; ACCA member CRISIL Global Research & Analytics 华东理工大学 Shanghai City, China 89 89 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name CRISIL Global Research & Analytics Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location Shanghai Consultant Company Name Jones Lang LaSalle Sallmanns Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Education 华东理工大学 Degree Name 硕士 Field Of Study 经济学 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 1 endorsement for Valuation 1 Valuation Tracy Xu has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finance analysis See 1 endorsement for Finance analysis 1 Finance analysis Tracy Xu has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 1 endorsement for Equity Research 1 Equity Research Tracy Xu has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Shanghai Jobs & Career Network 上海工作机会，职业人士联盟 55,236 members CRISIL Global Research & Analytics 19,378 followers China Private Equity 742 members Global Accountancy Jobs 3,096 followers M&A Club in China 15,301 members The Carlyle Group 57,369 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Abraham Chief Investment Officer at CVA Investment Management, LLC CVA Investment Management, LLC The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business Chicago, Illinois 498 498 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Chief Investment Officer Company Name CVA Investment Management, LLC Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Chicago Area Equity Research Analyst Intern Company Name Ariel Investments Dates Employed 2012 – 2012 Employment Duration less than a year Location Greater Chicago Area Assistant Portfolio Manager Company Name NWQ Investment Management Company, LLC Dates Employed 2007 – 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater Los Angeles Area Associate Company Name Andersen Tax Dates Employed 2005 – 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Los Angeles Area Finance Intern Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed 2004 – 2004 Employment Duration less than a year See more positions Education The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business Degree Name MBA University of California, Los Angeles Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 12 endorsements for Financial Modeling 12 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Kwame Webb, CFA and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 10 endorsements for Investments 10 Investments Endorsed by Kwame Webb, CFA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 8 endorsements for Valuation 8 Valuation Endorsed by Kwame Webb, CFA and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chris has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Interests CFA Institute Members 69,519 members University of California, Los Angeles 512,143 followers Chicago Booth School of Business Alumni Club of Los Angeles 470 members The University of Chicago Booth School of Business 84,298 followers The Manual of Ideas 1,203 members Hedge Fund Investor Letters 2,833 members See all See all following
More Actions Sarbjit has a account Sarbjit Nahal Managing Director & Head of Thematic Investing at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bank of America Merrill Lynch University College London, U. of London United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director & Head of Thematic Investing Strategy Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 11 mos Co-Head of Thematic Research Company Name Societe Generale Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Co-Head of SRI Research Company Name CM-CIC Securities Dates Employed Aug 2004 – Mar 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Education University College London, U. of London Degree Name Master of Laws (LLM) Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1997 York University - Osgoode Hall Law School Degree Name Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 University of Toronto Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Social Responsibility See 48 endorsements for Corporate Social Responsibility 48 Corporate Social Responsibility Endorsed by Lisa Hayles and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Sarbjit’s colleagues at Merrill Lynch Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 33 endorsements for Strategy 33 Strategy Endorsed by Graham Sinclair and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sarbjit’s colleagues at Merrill Lynch Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management See 24 endorsements for Asset Management 24 Asset Management Endorsed by Andreas Feiner and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Sarbjit’s colleagues at Merrill Lynch Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests York University - Osgoode Hall Law School 17,398 followers UCL 166,982 followers University of Toronto 342,162 followers University of Toronto 374,247 followers Merrill Lynch 396,679 followers UCL 199,547 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Chivescu Analyst at BTG Pactual BTG Pactual Harvard University São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am constantly looking for and executing on projects that maximize sustained value for the clients I serve in all my capacities. I am proud to have developed the linguistic and cultural skills necessary to pursue these projects on a global level, with work authorization for the United States, Brazil, and the European Union. My background in foster care has offered me both the perspective and the passion to promote diversity, inclusion, and meritocracy in all my endeavors. Finally, I take great pride and personal ownership over the quality of my work: I consider it a reflection of the collective investment of the personal and professional stakeholders who have brought me to where I am today. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Alex’s Activity 1,553 followers I am thrilled to announce that I'll be enrolling at Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Sloan School of Management as a member of the MBA Class of 2019! I'm excited to be part of such a vibrant community and humbled for what is in store. I can't thank my family, friends, and mentors enough for their continued support throughout the process. A special thank you goes out to the Management Leadership for Tomorrow family for their unparalleled guidance and to my friends and colleagues at LinkedIn and Accenture for believing in me. My time at LinkedIn has been nothing short of amazing and I'm proud to share this exciting news via this platform. I look forward to the adventure! Alex liked Marcelo’s photo Alex liked Course focuses on case studies of black business leaders Alex liked This week reminded me why I became a recruiter. A young AM contacted me a while ago and we met. I saw a spark and I never gave up on him. I didn’t have any junior roles on but that didn’t matter. I found opportunities. He flopped his first interview, so we trained on behavioral questions and did some interview prep, he lacked energy because he was working 13 hours a day, so I was his coach and spurred him on. I hated seeing that spark fade. Every time I checked in with him, I reminded him of what I saw and I wouldn’t give up. He has just accepted a role with a company that I introduced him to. It’s perfect and I know they will bring out the best in him. I can't wait to sit on the sidelines and see his career flourish. It's not about the biggest fee it's about the biggest feeling and I feel great that I could help. Alex liked Giant Hand Sculptures Rising From A Venice Canal To Bring Awareness To Climate Change Alex liked Meeting with President Michelle Bachelet today in Ottawa to talk Canada-Chile trade & how we can work together to achieve gender equality. 🇨🇦🇨🇱 Rencontre avec la présidente Michelle Bachelet à Ottawa pour parler de commerce Canada-Chili et de collaboration pour l’égalité entre les sexes. Alex liked See all activity Experience Analyst Company Name BTG Pactual Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location São Paulo Area, Brazil Analyst / Trainee Program Company Name BTG Pactual Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Rio de Janeiro Area, Brazil Start-Up Financial Analyst Intern Company Name 21212 Digital Accelerator Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Rio de Janeiro Investment Banking Summer Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Economics Officer Intern Company Name U.S. Department of State Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Madrid Area, Spain Education Harvard University Degree Name A.B. Cum Laude Field Of Study Economics, East Asian Studies, Portuguese, Spanish Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Junior Varsity Crew, Waltham House Volunteer, Veritas Financial Group, Harvard College Democrats, Michigan Youth Opportunities Initiative • Graduated with Honors in Economics with Minors in East Asian Studies, Portuguese and Spanish• Summer abroad program at the Universidad Complutense in Madrid, Spain 2010• Semester abroad program at the Pontifícia Universidade Católica in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 2013 HBX | Harvard Business School Grade Pass with High Honors Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio de Janeiro Field Of Study Portuguese Language and Literature Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 • Fall 2013 direct enroll study abroad, with coursework in Portuguese language and Economics See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer English Teacher Company Name Cidadão Pró-Mundo Dates volunteered Feb 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 5 mos Cause Education • Provide English tutoring and mentoring to at-risk youth in the Ladeira dos Tabajaras neighborhood in Rio de Janeiro (2015-2016) and Consolação in São Paulo (2017-Present) Featured Skills & Endorsements Economics See 40 endorsements for Economics 40 Economics Endorsed by 3 of Alex’s colleagues at BTG Pactual Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 28 endorsements for Investment Banking 28 Investment Banking Endorsed by 2 of Alex’s colleagues at BTG Pactual Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 26 endorsements for Valuation 26 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Alex’s colleagues at BTG Pactual Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Alicia Torija López, Ph.D. Profesora en TUFTS - SKIDMORE SPAIN March 26, 2012, Alex was a client of Alicia’s I am happy to provide a recommendation for Alicia Torija, with whom I worked during my summer study abroad in Madrid, Spain. Alicia was my professor in a course on the history of the city of Madrid. Alicia is one of the best teachers I have had, combining both Spanish language and history in an engaging and informative course accessible to those of all levels of Spanish language ability. Her instruction was an essential component of my study abroad experience and final research project. Please feel free to message me with any follow-up questions! Accomplishments Alex has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Spanish Alex has 3 test scores 3 Expand test scores section Test Scores ACT Composite SAT Math SAT Reading Interests Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio de Janeiro 80,515 followers Harvard University 607,447 followers Harvard University 492,937 followers Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio de Janeiro 76,627 followers Justin TrudeauJustin Trudeau is a LinkedIn Influencer Prime Minister of Canada | Premier ministre du Canada 630,019 followers Mike BloombergMike Bloomberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur, philanthropist, and three-term mayor of New York City 800,983 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jahnella has a account Jahnella Santillan Real Estate | Property Investment & Management CFA Society San Francisco Stanford Continuing Studies San Francisco Bay Area 475 475 connections Send InMail A results-oriented finance professional, offering strong analytical and creative skills and delivering value in Finance, Strategy and Corporate Planning. Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name CFA Society San Francisco Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area • Represented Hult IBS in the annual investment research challenge to prepare an equity research report on Hewlett-Packard, Inc. and present a defense presentation to CFA charter holders and industry experts in the district.• Concluded with a buy recommendation on the stock based on extensive analysis with focus on industry growth drivers, revenue forecasting, DCF and valuation multiples on a 5-year horizon. PPC and Adwords Analyst Company Name il Morso coffee Dates Employed Mar 2016 – May 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area • Executed 3 Google Adwords campaigns to optimize web traffic and drive online sales with focus on allocating budget according to keyword strategies; obtained 100% return on campaign investment. Business Operations Associate Company Name Midea Group Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Philippines • Identified strategic options for Midea Group to expand brand awareness and drive retail sales in the Philippines by opening the pioneer physical store and showroom in the country.• Participated in deal processes among Midea Group, Concepcion Industries, Inc. (CII) and Central Air Industrial Trading including due diligence sessions, internal presentations and retail store launching.• Led a team of 5 sales representatives to manage the store and optimize sales synergy while overseeing other financial aspects, such as budget and sales. Media (2) This position has 2 media Midea Philippines featured in the Philippine Daily Inquirer Midea Philippines featured in the Philippine Daily Inquirer This media is an image Philippine Daily Inquirer Philippine Daily Inquirer This media is an image Bid and Proposal Assistant Company Name Central Air Industrial Trading Dates Employed May 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Philippines • Prepared project quotations and cost estimation for construction projects from pre-bid through submittal process in coordination with senior management team.• Obtained successful bidding negotiations with a varied client base— amusement parks (Enchanted Kingdom), hotels, malls (SM, WalterMart) and schools (University of Makati, Xavier School Nuvali). Education Stanford Continuing Studies Field Of Study Practical Applications on Options and Futures Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2017 Hult International Business School Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study International Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Journalism Club (Treasurer) • Hult Finance Club • Unicef at Hult • Model United Nations (MUN) • Completed a BBA degree with a major in Finance in San Francisco and London. De La Salle University Degree Name High School Field Of Study High School/Secondary Diplomas and Certificates Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Activities and Societies: •Teatro Lasalyano (Actress, Costume Director, Costume Designer) • Koro Lasalyano (Facilitator, Member) • Search-In Circle VII • Science Club • Graduate Ball Committee (Event Coordinator) • Year Book Committee (Assistant Editor, Layout Editor) • House Pep Squad Featured Skills & Endorsements Public Speaking See 11 endorsements for Public Speaking 11 Public Speaking Endorsed by Dan Evans Ngo and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media See 10 endorsements for Social Media 10 Social Media Endorsed by Deborah Boechat, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 10 endorsements for Leadership 10 Leadership Endorsed by Dan Evans Ngo and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Scott Sambucci Startup Selling: Start Up. Ramp Up. Scale Up. Sales Geek @ SalesQualia February 8, 2015, Jahnella was a client of Scott’s I would just like to thank you for the helpful workshop yesterday. At first I was hesitant on attending because I've attended several workshops about LinkedIn before, but yours was really fun. And your personalized invite tip worked as well! Accomplishments Jahnella has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Corporate Finance Entrepreneurial Finance Financial Markets and Institutions Financial Regulation and Compliance Financial Reporting Mergers and Acquisitions Principles of Finance Social Innovation in Finance Jahnella has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Dean's List Academic Excellence Scholarship Tokyo Tech Exchange Program Delegate Academic Honor Roll Jahnella has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Hult Finance Club De La Salle Search-In De La Salle Canlubang Teatro Lasalyano Jahnella has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Hult Business Challenge for Amazon Launchpad Google Online Marketing Challenge ​LinkedIn Sell Side Initiation Report Jahnella has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Filipino Interests George AndersGeorge Anders is a LinkedIn Influencer Contributing Writer at Forbes magazine; author of "You Can Do Anything." 171,133 followers Hult International Business School 43,642 followers Midea America Corp 2,844 followers Midea Carrier 24,627 followers University of Asia and the Pacific 9,271 followers Hult International Business School 24,545 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rahul has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Rahul Jain Vice President at Systematix Shares & Stocks (I) Ltd. Systematix Shares & Stocks (I) Ltd. ICFAI Mumbai Area, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail CFA with over 9 years experience in institutional equity research. Have 8yr+ experience of tracking IT sector covering over 15 stocks. Strong understanding of sectors such as Real Estate, Education and Auto & Ancillaries. Rated and recognised for my research, financial modelling and business understanding skills across Domestic and select FII institutional clients. Have maintained strong relationship with corporate and has hosted several conference and roadshows. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Rahul’s Activity 743 followers Home - APPS Rahul commented See all activity Experience Vice President Company Name Systematix Shares & Stocks (I) Ltd. Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Senior Analyst Company Name Dolat Capital Market Private Ltd. Dates Employed Jun 2010 – May 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Mumbai Area, India Senior Analyst Company Name Angel Securities Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Analyst Company Name Mata Securities Dates Employed May 2007 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Education ICFAI Degree Name Master of Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 vidya niketan Degree Name jr college Field Of Study Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 mount carmel convent school Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1999 Volunteer Experience Investment banking Company Name Dolat Capital Market Private Ltd. Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 16 endorsements for Equity Research 16 Equity Research Endorsed by SageRaj Bariya and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Rahul’s colleagues at Dolat Capital Market Private Ltd. Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 13 endorsements for Equity Valuation 13 Equity Valuation Endorsed by Sumit Poddar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Rahul’s colleagues at Dolat Capital Market Private Ltd. Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 12 endorsements for Capital Markets 12 Capital Markets Endorsed by Sumit Poddar and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Yagnesh Sanghrajka Business Head - New Initiatives (incl. Robomate+) at MT Educare Limited February 14, 2017, Rahul worked with Yagnesh but at different companies Yagnesh is a thorough professional and is very passionate about his work. His passion has driven him to this role wherein he is spearheading one of the most innovative and trans-formative Edu-Tech business in India. I highly recommend Yagnesh for his skills, passion, determination and commitment. Vikas Jain Sr. Financial Analyst (AGM) at Embassy Office Parks August 29, 2016, Rahul worked with Vikas in different groups Vikas is an excellent investor relation manager with detailed understanding of various businesses of the company. He has deep insights on the demand/supply factors affecting the business and has been articulating the same in various investor meetings that we have conducted collectively. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests IBS Intelligence 2,200 followers Narendra ModiNarendra Modi is a LinkedIn Influencer Prime Minister of India 2,176,010 followers Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members Dolat Capital Market Private Ltd. 493 followers Ushacomm 1,876 followers Systematix Shares & Stocks (I) Ltd. 839 followers See all See all following
More Actions Reni has a account Reni Benjamin Senior Vice President/Senior Biotechnology Analyst at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James Financial, Inc. University of Alabama at Birmingham Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Vice President and Senior Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Raymond James Financial, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location NY, NY To help build a healthcare vertical covering small and mid-cap biotechnology companies with significant upside potential. Managing Director and Senior Biotechnology Analyst Company Name H.C. Wainwright Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location NY, NY To discover, evaluate, and cover small and mid-cap companies with significant upside potential. Continue to build corporate and buy-side relationships to help biotechnology companies achieve their full potential. Managing Director and Senior Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Burrill & Company Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location NY, NY Evaluate/covered small- and mid-cap biotechnology companies in the oncology and regenerative medicine sectors. Recently authored a chapter in "The Delivery of Regenerative Medicine and Their Impact on Healthcare" and serves on the UAB School of Health Professions Deans Advisory Board. Managing Director and Senior Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Rodman & Renshaw, LLC Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 9 yrs 4 mos Evaluate/covered small- and mid-cap biotechnology companies in the oncology and regenerative medicine sectors. Ranked among top analysts by Starmine. Cited in a variety of business resources including tv and radio appearances. Recently authored a chapter in "The Delivery of Regenerative Medicine and Their Impact on Healthcare" and serves on the UAB School of Health Professions Deans Advisory Board. Associate Analyst Company Name Needham & Company Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Mar 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Education University of Alabama at Birmingham Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 2001 Allegheny College Degree Name BS Field Of Study Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Biotechnology See 59 endorsements for Biotechnology 59 Biotechnology Endorsed by Sven Rohmann, MD, PhD, MBA and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Reni’s colleagues at H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Venture Capital See 32 endorsements for Venture Capital 32 Venture Capital Endorsed by Sven Rohmann, MD, PhD, MBA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Reni’s colleagues at H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 23 endorsements for Equity Research 23 Equity Research Endorsed by Michael Rindos and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Reni’s colleagues at Burrill & Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations David Miller Principal at Alpine BioVentures, GP LLC October 23, 2012, Reni worked with David but at different companies David Miller is one of the best biotechnology analysts on the street. His level of knowledge regarding the fundamentals behind many of the drugs in development today allows for the identification of stocks before many on wall street. His independence and understanding allows for a differentiated and honest opinion - his ability to clearly alert investors to the difference between a fundamental call (understanding of clinical trial results, trial design, and market potential) and a trading call make Biotech Stock Research an indispensable asset for investors seeking to obtain an edge in the often complicated world of biotech investing. Accomplishments Interests Allegheny College 16,644 followers Biotech, Medical & Pharmaceutical Investment 19,153 members University of Alabama at Birmingham 83,738 followers University of Alabama at Birmingham 77,460 followers Healthcare Investment Professionals 6,355 members Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,807 followers See all See all following
More Actions yibin has a account yibin he Senior Equity Research Analyst; ACCA member CRISIL Global Research & Analytics 华东理工大学 Shanghai City, China 89 89 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name CRISIL Global Research & Analytics Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location Shanghai Consultant Company Name Jones Lang LaSalle Sallmanns Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Education 华东理工大学 Degree Name 硕士 Field Of Study 经济学 Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 1 endorsement for Valuation 1 Valuation Tracy Xu has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finance analysis See 1 endorsement for Finance analysis 1 Finance analysis Tracy Xu has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 1 endorsement for Equity Research 1 Equity Research Tracy Xu has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members 华东理工大学 32,932 followers East China University of Science and Technology 36,857 followers Google 4,935,217 followers China Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A China) Club 1,875 members Private Equity Investor Relations, Fundraising, Placement and Investment (and Venture Capital, too) 39,829 members See all See all following
More Actions Sarbjit has a account Sarbjit Nahal Managing Director & Head of Thematic Investing at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bank of America Merrill Lynch University College London, U. of London United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director & Head of Thematic Investing Strategy Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 11 mos Co-Head of Thematic Research Company Name Societe Generale Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Co-Head of SRI Research Company Name CM-CIC Securities Dates Employed Aug 2004 – Mar 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Education University College London, U. of London Degree Name Master of Laws (LLM) Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1997 York University - Osgoode Hall Law School Degree Name Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 University of Toronto Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Corporate Social Responsibility See 48 endorsements for Corporate Social Responsibility 48 Corporate Social Responsibility Endorsed by Lisa Hayles and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Sarbjit’s colleagues at Merrill Lynch Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 33 endorsements for Strategy 33 Strategy Endorsed by Graham Sinclair and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sarbjit’s colleagues at Merrill Lynch Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Management See 24 endorsements for Asset Management 24 Asset Management Endorsed by Andreas Feiner and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Sarbjit’s colleagues at Merrill Lynch Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests York University - Osgoode Hall Law School 13,358 followers UCL 166,982 followers University of Toronto 342,164 followers University of Toronto 374,247 followers York University - Osgoode Hall Law School 17,398 followers UCL 199,547 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rahul has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Rahul Jain Vice President at Systematix Shares & Stocks (I) Ltd. Systematix Shares & Stocks (I) Ltd. ICFAI Mumbai Area, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail CFA with over 9 years experience in institutional equity research. Have 8yr+ experience of tracking IT sector covering over 15 stocks. Strong understanding of sectors such as Real Estate, Education and Auto & Ancillaries. Rated and recognised for my research, financial modelling and business understanding skills across Domestic and select FII institutional clients. Have maintained strong relationship with corporate and has hosted several conference and roadshows. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Rahul’s Activity 743 followers Home - APPS Rahul commented See all activity Experience Vice President Company Name Systematix Shares & Stocks (I) Ltd. Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Mumbai Area, India Senior Analyst Company Name Dolat Capital Market Private Ltd. Dates Employed Jun 2010 – May 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Mumbai Area, India Senior Analyst Company Name Angel Securities Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Analyst Company Name Mata Securities Dates Employed May 2007 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Education ICFAI Degree Name Master of Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 vidya niketan Degree Name jr college Field Of Study Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 mount carmel convent school Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1999 Volunteer Experience Investment banking Company Name Dolat Capital Market Private Ltd. Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 16 endorsements for Equity Research 16 Equity Research Endorsed by SageRaj Bariya and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Rahul’s colleagues at Dolat Capital Market Private Ltd. Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 13 endorsements for Equity Valuation 13 Equity Valuation Endorsed by Sumit Poddar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Rahul’s colleagues at Dolat Capital Market Private Ltd. Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 12 endorsements for Capital Markets 12 Capital Markets Endorsed by Sumit Poddar and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Yagnesh Sanghrajka Business Head - New Initiatives (incl. Robomate+) at MT Educare Limited February 14, 2017, Rahul worked with Yagnesh but at different companies Yagnesh is a thorough professional and is very passionate about his work. His passion has driven him to this role wherein he is spearheading one of the most innovative and trans-formative Edu-Tech business in India. I highly recommend Yagnesh for his skills, passion, determination and commitment. Vikas Jain Sr. Financial Analyst (AGM) at Embassy Office Parks August 29, 2016, Rahul worked with Vikas in different groups Vikas is an excellent investor relation manager with detailed understanding of various businesses of the company. He has deep insights on the demand/supply factors affecting the business and has been articulating the same in various investor meetings that we have conducted collectively. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Ushacomm 1,876 followers Narendra ModiNarendra Modi is a LinkedIn Influencer Prime Minister of India 2,176,010 followers Republic World 19,959 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,943,421 followers Systematix Shares & Stocks (I) Ltd. 839 followers Dolat Capital Market Private Ltd. 493 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Chivescu Analyst at BTG Pactual BTG Pactual Harvard University São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am constantly looking for and executing on projects that maximize sustained value for the clients I serve in all my capacities. I am proud to have developed the linguistic and cultural skills necessary to pursue these projects on a global level, with work authorization for the United States, Brazil, and the European Union. My background in foster care has offered me both the perspective and the passion to promote diversity, inclusion, and meritocracy in all my endeavors. Finally, I take great pride and personal ownership over the quality of my work: I consider it a reflection of the collective investment of the personal and professional stakeholders who have brought me to where I am today. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Alex’s Activity 1,553 followers I am thrilled to announce that I'll be enrolling at Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Sloan School of Management as a member of the MBA Class of 2019! I'm excited to be part of such a vibrant community and humbled for what is in store. I can't thank my family, friends, and mentors enough for their continued support throughout the process. A special thank you goes out to the Management Leadership for Tomorrow family for their unparalleled guidance and to my friends and colleagues at LinkedIn and Accenture for believing in me. My time at LinkedIn has been nothing short of amazing and I'm proud to share this exciting news via this platform. I look forward to the adventure! Alex liked Marcelo’s photo Alex liked Course focuses on case studies of black business leaders Alex liked This week reminded me why I became a recruiter. A young AM contacted me a while ago and we met. I saw a spark and I never gave up on him. I didn’t have any junior roles on but that didn’t matter. I found opportunities. He flopped his first interview, so we trained on behavioral questions and did some interview prep, he lacked energy because he was working 13 hours a day, so I was his coach and spurred him on. I hated seeing that spark fade. Every time I checked in with him, I reminded him of what I saw and I wouldn’t give up. He has just accepted a role with a company that I introduced him to. It’s perfect and I know they will bring out the best in him. I can't wait to sit on the sidelines and see his career flourish. It's not about the biggest fee it's about the biggest feeling and I feel great that I could help. Alex liked Giant Hand Sculptures Rising From A Venice Canal To Bring Awareness To Climate Change Alex liked Meeting with President Michelle Bachelet today in Ottawa to talk Canada-Chile trade & how we can work together to achieve gender equality. 🇨🇦🇨🇱 Rencontre avec la présidente Michelle Bachelet à Ottawa pour parler de commerce Canada-Chili et de collaboration pour l’égalité entre les sexes. Alex liked See all activity Experience Analyst Company Name BTG Pactual Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 8 mos Location São Paulo Area, Brazil Analyst / Trainee Program Company Name BTG Pactual Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Rio de Janeiro Area, Brazil Start-Up Financial Analyst Intern Company Name 21212 Digital Accelerator Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Rio de Janeiro Investment Banking Summer Analyst Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Greater New York City Area Economics Officer Intern Company Name U.S. Department of State Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Madrid Area, Spain Education Harvard University Degree Name A.B. Cum Laude Field Of Study Economics, East Asian Studies, Portuguese, Spanish Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Junior Varsity Crew, Waltham House Volunteer, Veritas Financial Group, Harvard College Democrats, Michigan Youth Opportunities Initiative • Graduated with Honors in Economics with Minors in East Asian Studies, Portuguese and Spanish• Summer abroad program at the Universidad Complutense in Madrid, Spain 2010• Semester abroad program at the Pontifícia Universidade Católica in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 2013 HBX | Harvard Business School Grade Pass with High Honors Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio de Janeiro Field Of Study Portuguese Language and Literature Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 • Fall 2013 direct enroll study abroad, with coursework in Portuguese language and Economics See more education Volunteer Experience Volunteer English Teacher Company Name Cidadão Pró-Mundo Dates volunteered Feb 2015 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 5 mos Cause Education • Provide English tutoring and mentoring to at-risk youth in the Ladeira dos Tabajaras neighborhood in Rio de Janeiro (2015-2016) and Consolação in São Paulo (2017-Present) Featured Skills & Endorsements Economics See 40 endorsements for Economics 40 Economics Endorsed by 3 of Alex’s colleagues at BTG Pactual Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 28 endorsements for Investment Banking 28 Investment Banking Endorsed by 2 of Alex’s colleagues at BTG Pactual Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 26 endorsements for Valuation 26 Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Alex’s colleagues at BTG Pactual Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Alicia Torija López, Ph.D. Profesora en TUFTS - SKIDMORE SPAIN March 26, 2012, Alex was a client of Alicia’s I am happy to provide a recommendation for Alicia Torija, with whom I worked during my summer study abroad in Madrid, Spain. Alicia was my professor in a course on the history of the city of Madrid. Alicia is one of the best teachers I have had, combining both Spanish language and history in an engaging and informative course accessible to those of all levels of Spanish language ability. Her instruction was an essential component of my study abroad experience and final research project. Please feel free to message me with any follow-up questions! Accomplishments Alex has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Spanish Alex has 3 test scores 3 Expand test scores section Test Scores ACT Composite SAT Math SAT Reading Interests Harvard University 607,446 followers Goldman Sachs 809,565 followers Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio de Janeiro 76,627 followers Harvard College Class of 2013 610 members Apex-Brasil 18,851 followers Harvard University 492,937 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jahnella has a account Jahnella Santillan Real Estate | Property Investment & Management CFA Society San Francisco Stanford Continuing Studies San Francisco Bay Area 475 475 connections Send InMail A results-oriented finance professional, offering strong analytical and creative skills and delivering value in Finance, Strategy and Corporate Planning. Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name CFA Society San Francisco Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area • Represented Hult IBS in the annual investment research challenge to prepare an equity research report on Hewlett-Packard, Inc. and present a defense presentation to CFA charter holders and industry experts in the district.• Concluded with a buy recommendation on the stock based on extensive analysis with focus on industry growth drivers, revenue forecasting, DCF and valuation multiples on a 5-year horizon. PPC and Adwords Analyst Company Name il Morso coffee Dates Employed Mar 2016 – May 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area • Executed 3 Google Adwords campaigns to optimize web traffic and drive online sales with focus on allocating budget according to keyword strategies; obtained 100% return on campaign investment. Business Operations Associate Company Name Midea Group Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Philippines • Identified strategic options for Midea Group to expand brand awareness and drive retail sales in the Philippines by opening the pioneer physical store and showroom in the country.• Participated in deal processes among Midea Group, Concepcion Industries, Inc. (CII) and Central Air Industrial Trading including due diligence sessions, internal presentations and retail store launching.• Led a team of 5 sales representatives to manage the store and optimize sales synergy while overseeing other financial aspects, such as budget and sales. Media (2) This position has 2 media Midea Philippines featured in the Philippine Daily Inquirer Midea Philippines featured in the Philippine Daily Inquirer This media is an image Philippine Daily Inquirer Philippine Daily Inquirer This media is an image Bid and Proposal Assistant Company Name Central Air Industrial Trading Dates Employed May 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Philippines • Prepared project quotations and cost estimation for construction projects from pre-bid through submittal process in coordination with senior management team.• Obtained successful bidding negotiations with a varied client base— amusement parks (Enchanted Kingdom), hotels, malls (SM, WalterMart) and schools (University of Makati, Xavier School Nuvali). Education Stanford Continuing Studies Field Of Study Practical Applications on Options and Futures Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2017 Hult International Business School Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study International Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Journalism Club (Treasurer) • Hult Finance Club • Unicef at Hult • Model United Nations (MUN) • Completed a BBA degree with a major in Finance in San Francisco and London. De La Salle University Degree Name High School Field Of Study High School/Secondary Diplomas and Certificates Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Activities and Societies: •Teatro Lasalyano (Actress, Costume Director, Costume Designer) • Koro Lasalyano (Facilitator, Member) • Search-In Circle VII • Science Club • Graduate Ball Committee (Event Coordinator) • Year Book Committee (Assistant Editor, Layout Editor) • House Pep Squad Featured Skills & Endorsements Public Speaking See 11 endorsements for Public Speaking 11 Public Speaking Endorsed by Dan Evans Ngo and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media See 10 endorsements for Social Media 10 Social Media Endorsed by Deborah Boechat, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 10 endorsements for Leadership 10 Leadership Endorsed by Dan Evans Ngo and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Scott Sambucci Startup Selling: Start Up. Ramp Up. Scale Up. Sales Geek @ SalesQualia February 8, 2015, Jahnella was a client of Scott’s I would just like to thank you for the helpful workshop yesterday. At first I was hesitant on attending because I've attended several workshops about LinkedIn before, but yours was really fun. And your personalized invite tip worked as well! Accomplishments Jahnella has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Corporate Finance Entrepreneurial Finance Financial Markets and Institutions Financial Regulation and Compliance Financial Reporting Mergers and Acquisitions Principles of Finance Social Innovation in Finance Jahnella has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Dean's List Academic Excellence Scholarship Tokyo Tech Exchange Program Delegate Academic Honor Roll Jahnella has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations Hult Finance Club De La Salle Search-In De La Salle Canlubang Teatro Lasalyano Jahnella has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Hult Business Challenge for Amazon Launchpad Google Online Marketing Challenge ​LinkedIn Sell Side Initiation Report Jahnella has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Filipino Interests Bankers Life 40,093 followers De La Salle University 88,356 followers Stanford University 440,280 followers Stanford Continuing Studies 3,650 followers University of Asia and the Pacific 9,271 followers Midea America Corp 2,844 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kennen has a account Kennen MacKay, Ph.D. Director | Biotechnology Analyst at Credit Suisse Credit Suisse UCLA New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Small/Mid-Cap Biotechnology Equity Research Analyst with Credit Suisse covering multiple commercial and developing therapeutic areas. Highlights Experience Director | Small/Mid-Cap Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location New York, New York Small/Mid-Cap Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Citi Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location New York, New York SMid-Cap Biotechnology Analyst with Citigroup. Coverage included: AGIO, ARDX, ATRA, BLCM, BXLT, CALA, EPZM, FGEN, FPRX, HALO, LIFE, MRTX, NK, VSAR, XLRNFormerly Sr Research Associate on Citi's Institutional Investor recognized Large Cap. Biotech team. Coverage included: ACOR, AGIO, ALXN, AMGN, ANTH, ATRA, BIIB, BMRN, CALA, CCXI, CELG, CLVS, DNDN, FGEN, GILD, MDVN, PBYI, REGN, RIGL, RNA, SRPT, TSRO, VRTX, and XLRN. Director, Michelson Prize and Grants Company Name Michelson Found Animals Foundation, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Los Angeles http://www.michelsonprizeandgrants.org/ Media (1) This position has 1 media Michelson Prize & Grants Michelson Prize & Grants This media is an image Postdoctoral Scholar Company Name UCLA Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area • Identified post-translational modifications involved in the onset of mammalian apoptosis.• Investigated protein methylation in the control of a tumor suppressor in a murine model• Investigated the interplay between methylation and phosphorylation in murine models utilizing quantitative phosphoproteomic approaches. Graduate Student Researcher Company Name UCLA Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Location Los Angeles, CA • Doctoral Dissertation: "A Tale of Two Methyltransferases: A Role for Methylation in the Control of Phosphorylation-Mediated Cell Signaling"• Developed multiple mouse models utilized for the discovery of factors influencing insulin resistance and tumor suppression• Elucidated a novel mechanism for insulin signaling regulation through multiple post-translational modifications See more positions Education UCLA Degree Name Postdoctoral Scholar Field Of Study Biochemistry & Molecular Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 UCLA Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Biochemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Cellular & Molecular Biology Training Fellowship Colorado College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Biochemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Colorado College Swim Team, Sigma Chi Fraternity, American Society for Biochemistry & Molecular Biology See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Biochemistry See 26 endorsements for Biochemistry 26 Biochemistry Endorsed by Nicholas Hertz and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kennen’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Protein Chemistry See 19 endorsements for Protein Chemistry 19 Protein Chemistry Endorsed by 2 of Kennen’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Molecular Biology See 19 endorsements for Molecular Biology 19 Molecular Biology Endorsed by 2 of Kennen’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Andrea Hadjikyriacou, Ph.D. Biochemistry and Molecular Biology PhD - Blogger - Science Communicator March 6, 2013, Kennen worked with Andrea in the same group Kennen has done an excellent job as a graduate student researcher and a postdoctoral scholar at UCLA. He is a dedicated and driven scientist who will excel at any job he takes on. I have seen him manage an undergraduate and post baccalaureate student who is now able to run experiments and work independently, coming to Kennen for advice and experiment planning. Kennen is able to manage his time well and is able to teach and mentor others while keeping up with his own work. Kennen is very knowledgeable and an expert of a plethora of molecular biology protocols. He has helped me troubleshoot my cloning and PCR problems several times based on his previous experience and it has helped me immensely. His experience, time management, leadership, troubleshooting skills and willingness to help others would be a great asset at any company! Mark Kinarney Senior Director at Gilead Sciences October 18, 2016, Kennen worked with Mark in different groups Mark is a pleasure to work with and consistently went above and beyond to source new corporate access opportunities for myself and the other healthcare research teams at Credit Suisse. I had the pleasure of working with Mark in my first year at Credit Suisse and he would consistently and proactively contribute to my team's corporate access opportunities through shareholder analysis for corporate IR teams, putting together one-off investor meetings, full fledged non-deal roadshow proposals, and unique thematic corporate access events. Mark's outgoing demeanor and proactive approach made him an absolute pleasure to work with and I'm more than happy to recommend him as a colleague. Accomplishments Kennen has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards "Who's Who in Academia?" - Honorable Mention 1st Place 2013 LEK UCLA ADCC Case Competition Alfred W. Alberts Sumer Research Prize Cellular & Molecular Biology Training Grant Awardee Crecelius Family Research Award Kennen has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Series 63 Series 7 Series 86 Series 87 Kennen has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Circumventing Embryonic Lethality with Lcmt1 Deficiency: Generation of Hypomorphic Lcmt1 Mice with Reduced Protein Phosphatase 2A Methyltransferase Expression and Defects in Insulin Signaling Wortmannin reduces insulin signaling and death in seizure-prone Pcmt1-/- mice. Interests University of California, Los Angeles 479,059 followers Colorado College 20,332 followers Credit Suisse 453,195 followers Institutional Investor 21,734 members Physicians' Education Resource® 648 members Colorado College 21,338 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kindra has a account Kindra Tatarsky Global Adventurer at Curiosity Chronicles Curiosity Chronicles University of California, Los Angeles San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Kindra has spent her career analyzing, investing in and growing businesses that focus on the consumer. The technology-empowered consumer of today is changing the way businesses work, which in turn is creating tremendous opportunity for visionary companies. Whether media, commerce or healthcare, the consumer is looking for experiential engagement, and there are a multitude of companies that are capitalizing on these opportunities. Building on her career in research and investing, Kindra advises investors, enterprise companies and start-ups who are stakeholders in the changing consumer technology landscape. Through a deep understanding of today’s consumer, Kindra is focused on consumer-centric initiatives to accelerate growth for her clients. Tapping into the wealth of global innovation, together we can create solutions that solve company's biggest needs while enhancing the overall consumer experience. Kindra graduated from UCLA with a B.A. in English, and a Business minor, and she holds a CFA certification. When she isn’t following her insatiable curiosity, Kindra finds balance with yoga, cooking, family and friends. She lives with her husband and their two children in Mill Valley, CA, and together their explorations take them on many adventures. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Kindra’s Activity 2,485 followers Placed is excited to announce that we are joining the Snap Inc. team! Over the past 12 months, Placed has measured more than $500 million in media spend to store visits, across thousands of campaigns and hundreds of partners, cementing Placed as the leader in location-based attribution. By partnering with Snap, we will do even more. Still working independently, Placed’s goal continues to be the adoption of a common yardstick that can measure the offline effectiveness of advertising across multiple platforms and publishers. Together, we believe we can drive much better results for advertisers and publishers. David Shim Kindra liked Plum Alley is in Kindra liked Executive Forum Takeaways: 3 Keys in the Transformation of Retail Kindra liked 7th annual RetailNext Executive Forum - Opening video Kindra liked See all activity Experience Global Adventurer Company Name Curiosity Chronicles Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location www.curiositychronicles.net Time to expand my perspective and learn from people and cultures from around the globe. I'm currently on sabbatical, exploring the world and it's wonders with my family. Planning to reconnect in August 2017. Follow the adventure at www.curiositychronicles.net or on Instagram @travelingtatas. Stay curious! Executive In Residence Company Name Nokia Growth Partners Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Head of Corporate Development Company Name RetailNext Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area SVP Corporate Development Company Name Nielsen Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Managing Director, Director of Operations Company Name Golden Seeds Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos See more positions Education University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study English, with a minor in Business Featured Skills & Endorsements Start-ups See 75 endorsements for Start-ups 75 Start-ups Endorsed by Adam Quinton and 21 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Kindra’s colleagues at RetailNext Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Partnerships See 40 endorsements for Strategic Partnerships 40 Strategic Partnerships Endorsed by Patricia Gottesman and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Kindra’s colleagues at RetailNext Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Development See 44 endorsements for Corporate Development 44 Corporate Development Endorsed by Adam Quinton and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Kindra’s colleagues at RetailNext Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Beth Gupta Recruiter at Clarity LLC November 4, 2011, Kindra was a client of Beth’s Beth is an exceptional recruiter, with a high degree of professionalism and attention to detail. Her prompt and courteous manner is a delight, and her thoughtful and strategic suggestions for hiring resulted in several outstanding hires. I highly recommend Beth as a partner for solving staffing needs. Accomplishments Kindra has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests Lisa M LambertLisa M Lambert is a LinkedIn Influencer The Westly Group, Managing Partner; NVCA, Board of Directors 7,582 followers Private Equity, M&A, and Venture Capital Investments 323,292 members Women In Research (WIRe) 3,712 members Chris FralicChris Fralic is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at First Round - Investing in Great Entrepreneurs in New York 127,111 followers Azeem AzharAzeem Azhar is a LinkedIn Influencer exponential tech | startups | product 145,373 followers L Catterton 3,325 followers See all See all following
More Actions Reni has a account Reni Benjamin Senior Vice President/Senior Biotechnology Analyst at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James Financial, Inc. University of Alabama at Birmingham Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Senior Vice President and Senior Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Raymond James Financial, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location NY, NY To help build a healthcare vertical covering small and mid-cap biotechnology companies with significant upside potential. Managing Director and Senior Biotechnology Analyst Company Name H.C. Wainwright Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location NY, NY To discover, evaluate, and cover small and mid-cap companies with significant upside potential. Continue to build corporate and buy-side relationships to help biotechnology companies achieve their full potential. Managing Director and Senior Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Burrill & Company Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location NY, NY Evaluate/covered small- and mid-cap biotechnology companies in the oncology and regenerative medicine sectors. Recently authored a chapter in "The Delivery of Regenerative Medicine and Their Impact on Healthcare" and serves on the UAB School of Health Professions Deans Advisory Board. Managing Director and Senior Biotechnology Analyst Company Name Rodman & Renshaw, LLC Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 9 yrs 4 mos Evaluate/covered small- and mid-cap biotechnology companies in the oncology and regenerative medicine sectors. Ranked among top analysts by Starmine. Cited in a variety of business resources including tv and radio appearances. Recently authored a chapter in "The Delivery of Regenerative Medicine and Their Impact on Healthcare" and serves on the UAB School of Health Professions Deans Advisory Board. Associate Analyst Company Name Needham & Company Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Mar 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Education University of Alabama at Birmingham Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 2001 Allegheny College Degree Name BS Field Of Study Biology Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Biotechnology See 59 endorsements for Biotechnology 59 Biotechnology Endorsed by Sven Rohmann, MD, PhD, MBA and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Reni’s colleagues at H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Venture Capital See 32 endorsements for Venture Capital 32 Venture Capital Endorsed by Sven Rohmann, MD, PhD, MBA and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Reni’s colleagues at H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 23 endorsements for Equity Research 23 Equity Research Endorsed by Michael Rindos and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Reni’s colleagues at Burrill & Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations David Miller Principal at Alpine BioVentures, GP LLC October 23, 2012, Reni worked with David but at different companies David Miller is one of the best biotechnology analysts on the street. His level of knowledge regarding the fundamentals behind many of the drugs in development today allows for the identification of stocks before many on wall street. His independence and understanding allows for a differentiated and honest opinion - his ability to clearly alert investors to the difference between a fundamental call (understanding of clinical trial results, trial design, and market potential) and a trading call make Biotech Stock Research an indispensable asset for investors seeking to obtain an edge in the often complicated world of biotech investing. Accomplishments Interests Allegheny College 17,166 followers Healthcare Investment Professionals 6,355 members Biotech, Medical & Pharmaceutical Investment 19,153 members H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC 4,395 followers Allegheny College 16,644 followers Raymond James 49,048 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Merritt, CFA Investor Aptigon Capital, a Citadel Company INSEAD Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Research Management Highlights Experience Deputy Director of Research Company Name Aptigon Capital, a Citadel Company Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greenwich, Connecticut Managing Director Company Name Sterling Ridge Capital Management Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos TMT Technology Investor Company Name Sandler Capital Management Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Managing Director, Portfolio Manager and Technology Sector Head Company Name Plural Investments, LLC Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Greater New York City Area Managed a long-short portfolio of technology stocks and worked with Plural's CEO/CIO on all technology investments.Plural Investments, LLC is an investment manager for qualified institutions and individuals. Investment Manager Company Name Citadel Investment Group Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Managed a long-short portfolio of software stocks. See more positions Education INSEAD Degree Name MBA Field Of Study International Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 1999 RPI Degree Name BS Field Of Study MIS / Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kevin has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Autodesk 203,537 followers Microsoft 3,760,106 followers Sapinda Holding B.V. 201 followers Hulu 73,693 followers Cedar Cove Capital, LLC 13 followers Association of Technology Analysts & Influencers 4,614 members See all See all following
More Actions Nur has a account Nur Cristiani Mexico Equity Strategist at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan CFA Institute Mexico City Area, Mexico 433 433 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Head of Mexico Equity Research & Strategy Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos EM Strategy and Portfolio Manager Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Portfolio Manager Company Name BBVA Bancomer Dates Employed Jul 2006 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Financial Analyst Company Name Algorithmics Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2004 – Jul 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Education CFA Institute Degree Name Charterholder Field Of Study Financial analysis, portfolio management, equity, fixed income, and alternative assets investments Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Actuarial Science Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México 44,959 followers Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México 43,171 followers J.P. Morgan 833,598 followers
More Actions Usama has a account Usama Ashfaq CFA L2 Candidate | LUMS Graduate Zafar Securities (Pvt.) Ltd. Lahore University of Management Sciences Pakistan 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Research Analyst Company Name Zafar Securities (Pvt.) Ltd. Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Lahore I am currently working as a buy side analyst at Zafar Securities Pvt. Ltd. and my responsibilities are to:-Search, collect, consolidate and interpret data related to growth companies listed on Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) across multiple sectors-Build and maintain financial models, valuations and forecasts of assigned companies-Develop an understanding of a company by reviewing company reports, analyzing financial statements and contacting relevant management-Conduct interviews of retailers and distributors to closely examine the strength of the business model at consumer end-Provide investment recommendation, written research and valuation analysis for the use of Zafar Securities Pvt. Ltd. General Secretary at Investment Society(FINTRA) Company Name Lahore University of Management Sciences Dates Employed Dec 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Pakistan FINTRA is a society at LUMS which is dedicated purely to the realm of finance. I was a part of founding executive council of FINTRA and worked in the capacity of general secretary. I also served as a research assistant for the society. Research Assistant Company Name Lahore University of Management Sciences Dates Employed Dec 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Pakistan Performed duties as a Macroeconomic Research Assistant for Dr. Muhammad Syed Hussain (LUMS) and co-author Dr. Samreen Malik (New York University) Research Intern Company Name MCB Bank Limited Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Pakistan I worked as a research intern in the corporate department of MCB BankThe main project focused on the "research and analysis of the cement sector of Pakistan". The responsibilities were to:-Collect and analyze cement industry specific information from a variety of sources including websites, institutional research, brokerage reports and industry publication-Comprehend the Porter's five forces surrounding the cement sector of Pakistan-Construct financial models and forecast debt coverage ratios to evaluate the financial health of the concerned companies -Provide written research report alongside excel based valuation model for management's reviewMiscellaneous projects included contacting clients to collect borrowers basic fact sheet (BBFS) and then reporting BBFS to the management Intern Company Name Tetra Pak Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Pakistan I worked in the energy department of Tetra Pak. The work was divided into three phases: -The first phase of internship was primarily related to analyzing the cost of energy consumed by each machine. -The second phase was related to the formulation of a cost model for energy consumption. -Lastly, the third phase was associated with reporting the conclusions drawn from analysis. Education Lahore University of Management Sciences Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Team member of Sports at LUMS (2012-2014) and executive member of FINTRA LUMS (2015-2016) Widened my learning horizon. CFA Institute Passed Level 1 of the CFA examination in 2016 Featured Skills & Endorsements Economics See 7 endorsements for Economics 7 Economics Endorsed by Majid Ali, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 6 endorsements for Research 6 Research Khawaja Imran Latif Sethi CMFD (ICM) and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analysis See 1 endorsement for Analysis 1 Analysis Khawaja Imran Latif Sethi CMFD (ICM) has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Muhammad Umar Iqbal Market Risk Analyst at Allied Bank Limited February 15, 2017, Usama worked with Muhammad Umar in the same group I have had the privilege of working with Usama Ashfaq for more than a term at LUMS. Mr. Usama Ashfaq, Shayan Mubarak and I were grouped together to work as research assistants for Dr. Syed Muhammad Hussain for a project named “The macroeconomic effect of the monetary policy, a new measure for Canada”. The project had various challenges related to conducting research and building financial economic models, and to our surprise Usama always had an answer to each of those challenges. His diligence and analytical skills were highly acknowledged not even during the project but also after it. Knowing his strengths, I would highly recommend Mr. Usama Ashfaq for research oriented job and wish him best of luck for his future. Muhammad Umar Iqbal Market Risk Analyst at Allied Bank Limited February 8, 2017, Muhammad Umar worked with Usama in the same group It's rare to come across extra ordinary talent like Muhammad Umar Iqbal everyday. I had the pleasure working with him for a semester at LUMS. We worked together as a Research Assistant for Dr. Syed Muhammad Hussain. Muhammad Umar proved his metal not only in research but also in data handling department of the project. His efforts are still appreciated by colleagues. I hope that he continues his efforts in the future as well. Accomplishments Usama has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Macroeconomics Econometrics Economics of Investment and Finance International Finance International Trade Money and Banking Options, Swaps and Futures Usama has 6 projects 6 Expand projects section Projects The macroeconomic effect of the monetary policy, a new measure for Canada Econometrics project on barriers to skill acquisition for rural women Finance project on setting up a business plan and preparing its future financial implications Investment project on observing the implication of CAPM on stock prices Regional economics research project on the cluster formed by Sialkot football industry Virtual trading of financial derivatives on CBOE Usama has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English German Punjabi Urdu Usama has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Dean's Honor List High achiever in Intermediate High achiever in Matriculation Interests Alexandre HohagenAlexandre Hohagen is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO NOBOX, Ex VP Google and Facebook Latin America & USH - Investor/Advisor @Ampfy, @BusBud, @MarketUp, @HYP3R 12,956 followers CFA Program 10,026 followers Topline Securities Ltd 724 followers Telenor 139,459 followers ABL Asset Management 1,522 followers Agent-Based Computational Economics 2,699 members See all See all following
More Actions Rahul has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Rahul Kapoor Director, Head of Drewry Financial Research Services Drewry International Management Institute - IMI Singapore 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Rahul is Head of Drewry Financial Research Services and leads Drewry’s financial research team. He has more than 14 years of rich experience from the shipping and financial markets. He leads Drewry’s investment research division providing independent maritime investment advice to leading institutional investors. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Rahul’s Articles & Activity 1,578 followers Drewry Financial Research Shipping Outlook 2017 - Returns set for a comeback Rahul Kapoor on LinkedIn See 3 more articles Last week Oslo was very busy with Nor-Shipping. The estimated 35,000 visitors enjoyed a lot of interesting sessions and seminars and hundreds of parties all over town. A very successful week meeting a lot of interesting people. Congratulations to all those who made this such a successful event (your hard work is appreciated). Rahul liked Seismic Shifts | Technology has fundamentally changed your world Rahul liked See all activity Experience Director - Drewry Financial Research Services Company Name Drewry Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Singapore Rahul is Head of Drewry Financial Research Services and leads Drewry’s financial research team. He has more than 14 years of rich experience from the shipping and financial markets.Rahul leads Drewry’s investment research division providing independent maritime investment advice to leading institutional investors. Rahul also actively participates in Drewry’s maritime advisory business undertaking consultancy assignments. He brings rich experience from the shipping and financial markets. He has previously worked with Lehman Brothers, Nomura and RS Platou Markets in Singapore, as the lead analyst covering globally listed companies in shipping. Apart from core focus on equity research for maritime transport sectors, he has been also involved in capital raising and IPO process within the maritime sector. He has worked across multiple geographies with companies and has experience of the maritime sectors across US, Europe and Asia. He is regularly interviewed by the media on developments in the maritime sector and is widely quoted in both the industry and financial press. Media (1) This position has 1 media World's Biggest Ship Title Shifts Monthly as Rates Fall: Freight World's Biggest Ship Title Shifts Monthly as Rates Fall: Freight This media is a link Equity Research Analyst Company Name RS Platou Markets Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Singapore As the Lead Equity Analyst for RS Platou’s global Shipping team with primary focus on Asian companies and US listed companies, I was responsible for providing research services to the various clients of firms ranging from asset managers to global long/short, long only and hedge funds.Primary coverage spanning stocks listed in US, HK, Singapore, Thailand and Indonesia with market cap in excess of USD 10 bn under coverage. Covering shipping sector with the global team. Developed very strong understanding of global macroeconomics and China industrial and macroeconomic fundamentals. Strong focus on Chinese economy, equity markets, commodities and major industrial sectors. Thorough understanding of Metals, Mining and Commodities companies, global trade flows with focus on energy and oil markets, LNG, grain, etc. Established company management contacts and existing relationships with Institutional Investors. Media (6) This position has 6 media Previous Next China's Stocks Drop Most in 4 Months China's Stocks Drop Most in 4 Months This media is a link Containers Flood Ship Routes in Echo of 2009 Rate Decline: Freight Markets Containers Flood Ship Routes in Echo of 2009 Rate Decline: Freight Markets This media is a link Container-Shipping May Rise in 2012 After Alliances Sealed, Platou Says Container-Shipping May Rise in 2012 After Alliances Sealed, Platou Says This media is a link U.S. Container Trade Rises at Fastest Pace Since May on Housing Recovery U.S. Container Trade Rises at Fastest Pace Since May on Housing Recovery This media is a link Ship Owners Losing After $11.4 Billion Battle for Boxes: Freight Ship Owners Losing After $11.4 Billion Battle for Boxes: Freight This media is a link Shipping Bears Are Ascendant as Fleet Growth Swamps Cargo Shipping Bears Are Ascendant as Fleet Growth Swamps Cargo This media is a link Associate, Equity Research , Asian Shipping and Transportation at Nomura Securities Company Name Nomura Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Worked for Asia Ex-Japan Asian Shipping and Transportation Team with coverage of sectors spanning Shipping , Ports and Infrastructure. Team coverage of all major companies listed in Asia ex-Japan region. As equity research analyst responsible for preparing research reports, generating investment ideas, and providing comprehensive equity research to international and regional clients (Institutional Investors, Hedge funds and Trading Desks). Sector Analysis &amp; Company Reports Financial Analysis Earnings Reports Product Management Engineer Officer Company Name Shell Trading Dates Employed Aug 2003 – May 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Worked with various shipping organizations over a period of 4 years (2003 – 2007) as an Engineer Officer. Education International Management Institute - IMI Degree Name PGDM Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Activities and Societies: • Finance(Corporate Finance, Security Analysis and Portfolio Management, Derivatives and Risk Management, International Finance, Restructuring, Acquisitions, Strategic Alliances & Mergers, Financial Econometrics, International Business and Economic) Awarded Merit certificate for superior academic performance in MBA program. Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani Degree Name BS Field Of Study Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 33 endorsements for Equity Research 33 Equity Research Endorsed by 6 of Rahul’s colleagues at Drewry Shipping Consultants Ltd Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 30 endorsements for Equities 30 Equities Endorsed by 6 of Rahul’s colleagues at Drewry Shipping Consultants Ltd Click and drag to reorder skills Trading See 18 endorsements for Trading 18 Trading Endorsed by 3 of Rahul’s colleagues at Drewry Shipping Consultants Ltd Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Mirae Asset Global Investments 26,946 followers VesselBot - The New Era in Chartering 269 followers Mike BloombergMike Bloomberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur, philanthropist, and three-term mayor of New York City 800,993 followers Finance and Investment Strategies - Shipping 2,504 members Xeneta 1,789 followers Cathay Pacific Airways 136,285 followers See all See all following
More Actions Desi has a account Desi DiPierro Research Analyst Millennium Management University of Florida Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst Company Name Millennium Management Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Long/Short team focused on Industrials and Materials. Research Analyst Company Name EverPoint Asset Management Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location New York, New York Long/Short Equity Analyst focused on the following industry groups:Building Products; Chemicals/Coatings; Construction Materials; Forest Products; Home Builders; Home Improvement Retail; Industrial Distributors; Paper/Packaging; Waste Equity Research Associate Company Name RBC Capital Markets Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location New York, New York Building Products, Construction Materials and Home Builders Education University of Florida Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 University of Florida - Warrington College Of Business Degree Name B.S.Acc. Field Of Study Accounting Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Florida 328,820 followers University of Florida - Warrington College of Business 22,459 followers University of Florida 341,805 followers University of Florida - Warrington College of Business 21,688 followers Millennium Management 13,432 followers
More Actions Zane has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Zane Bezuidenhout, CFA CFA Charterholder exploring Equity Research opportunities in London Investec Wealth & Investment CFA Institute London, United Kingdom 161 161 connections InMail Equity Research Analyst pursuing independent insight with a focus on a differentiated perspective. Fundamental analysis and financial modelling emphasizing key economic drivers of valuation. Effective communication of recommendations (verbal and written) to clients and internal teams. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst/Assistant Portfolio Manager Company Name Investec Wealth & Investment Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Cape Town Area, South Africa Investment Manager Company Name Investec Wealth & Investment Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Cape Town Area, South Africa Assistant Financial Planner Company Name Guardstone Financial Planning Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Location London, United Kingdom Junior Stockbroker & Investment Administration Company Name Investec Wealth & Investment Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Cape Town Area, South Africa Hedge Fund Accountant Company Name Maitland Fund Servies Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Mar 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Cape Town Area, South Africa See more positions Education CFA Institute Degree Name CFA Charterholder Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 University of Cape Town Field Of Study Finance and Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Kearsney College Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis Financial Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Value Investing Value Investing Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Zane has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Charterholder Interests McKinsey & Company 1,398,429 followers Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) Professional Network 16,402 members The Baupost Group 5,335 followers Michael Page 1,085,389 followers Selby Jennings 42,452 followers Edison Investment Research 1,244 followers See all See all following
More Actions Fred has a account Fred Barasi Equity Research Analyst at JP Morgan Asset Management J.P. Morgan Asset Management The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) London, Greater London, United Kingdom 116 116 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Analyst, European Utilities Company Name J.P. Morgan Asset Management Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location London, United Kingdom VP - Senior Analyst, Infrastructure Finance Company Name Moody's Investors Service Dates Employed May 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location London, United Kingdom Equity research analyst, European Utilities Company Name Goldman Sachs Dates Employed May 2008 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Market Risk Manager Company Name TRUenergy Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 6 mos Portfolio Optimisation Analyst Company Name TRUenergy Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 10 mos See more positions Education The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Operational Research University of Cambridge Degree Name MA Field Of Study Mathematics Featured Skills & Endorsements Commodity Markets See 2 endorsements for Commodity Markets 2 Commodity Markets Benoît TRIOUX and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 2 endorsements for Business Analysis 2 Business Analysis Benoît TRIOUX and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy Strategy No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Merritt, CFA Investor Aptigon Capital, a Citadel Company INSEAD Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Research Management Highlights Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Tech Data 51,864 followers New Perspective Senior Living 871 followers Bill McDermottBill McDermott is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at SAP 177,414 followers RPI Alumni 2,226 members Equinox 54,166 followers The Family Office Club - #1 Largest Family Office Association | Ultra-Wealthy Wealth Management 126,213 members See all See all following
More Actions Nur has a account Nur Cristiani Mexico Equity Strategist at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan CFA Institute Mexico City Area, Mexico 433 433 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Rahul has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Rahul Kapoor Director, Head of Drewry Financial Research Services Drewry International Management Institute - IMI Singapore 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Rahul is Head of Drewry Financial Research Services and leads Drewry’s financial research team. He has more than 14 years of rich experience from the shipping and financial markets. He leads Drewry’s investment research division providing independent maritime investment advice to leading institutional investors. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Bloomberg View 2,295 followers Fixed Income Asset Management 24,253 members Global Equity Research 14,441 members Shipping Market Review by Danish Ship Finance 2,056 members Capital Link 932 followers Shipping Trade Markets 486 members See all See all following
More Actions Max has a account Max Dreiner Equity Research Analyst bei QUMMIF | Investment Fund QUMMIF | Investment Fund Queen Mary University of London London, Greater London, United Kingdom 346 346 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Max’s Activity 344 followers With Blackstone's New Fund, Don't Confuse Infrastructure Investment with Infrastructure Development Max shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Private Equity See 7 endorsements for Private Equity 7 Private Equity Endorsed by 2 of Max’s colleagues at QUMMIF | Investment Fund Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modelling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modelling 6 Financial Modelling Celikhan Ekinci and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 10 endorsements for Corporate Finance 10 Corporate Finance Endorsed by 6 of Max’s colleagues at KPMG Luxembourg Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests J.P. Morgan Asset Management 74,315 followers Private Equity Investment Group | PrivateEquity.com 184,458 members Greenwich Partners 13,987 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,511,444 followers Queen Mary University of London 77,713 followers Jamie DimonJamie Dimon is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 526,751 followers See all See all following
More Actions Desi has a account Desi DiPierro Research Analyst Millennium Management University of Florida Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Matthew has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Matthew Borsch Senior Research Analyst - Healthcare Services BMO Capital Markets Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Lead sector research analyst for healthcare services (including health insurers, hospitals, lab companies, and specialty providers). Executive in the healthcare industry prior to joining Goldman Sachs in 2001. Specialties: Adjunct professor at the Mailman School of Public Health, Columbia University. Lecture course: "Integrated delivery systems and managed care", 1998-2002. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Matthew’s Activity 1,172 followers Warning signals to New Jersey on health care costs Matthew liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 55 endorsements for Equity Research 55 Equity Research Endorsed by James Kelly and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Matthew’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 34 endorsements for Equity Valuation 34 Equity Valuation Endorsed by 7 of Matthew’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 31 endorsements for Financial Modeling 31 Financial Modeling Endorsed by James Kelly and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Matthew’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Interests The Johns Hopkins University 137,874 followers Columbia Business School 83,293 followers BMO Capital Markets 32,327 followers The Johns Hopkins University 150,508 followers Columbia University in the City of New York 257,522 followers Andersen Alumni Association 21,675 members See all See all following
More Actions Amit has a account Amit Gupta Associate Product Specialist - Equities Fidelity Worldwide Investment IMT New Delhi Area, India 363 363 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Derivatives See 10 endorsements for Derivatives 10 Derivatives Endorsed by 2 of Amit’s colleagues at Religare Click and drag to reorder skills Stock Market See 5 endorsements for Stock Market 5 Stock Market Chirag Sancheti and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Market Research See 1 endorsement for Financial Market Research 1 Financial Market Research Shikha Sachdeva has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Shikha Sachdeva Business Consultant at Dale Carnegie Training January 17, 2011, Amit worked with Shikha in the same group An analytical mind coupled with calm and composed approach is amit. He always instigates a sense of positivity and optimism in others. Due to his sound understanding of techniques and concepts along with a keen desire to strive for the best, Amit will always be an asset to any organization. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests CFA LEVEL 2 Candidates Study Group 711 members Delhi University 420,478 followers Foreign Exchange and Currency Markets 55,587 members CFA Program Candidates 215,083 members Fidelity International 69,402 followers IAIP (CFA Societyof India) - Membership Support forum 6,032 members See all See all following
More Actions Jared has a account Jared Berlin Whiskey Green LLC / Thames Capital Management Thames Capital Management University of Wisconsin-Madison Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Marlee's makes artisan combinations of tea, spirits and other natural ingredients. We are launching our first beverage (Marlee's Green Tea Whiskey) in late 2015 in South Florida. It is an expert blend of American rye whiskey, premium Chinese gunpowder green tea and a touch of organic agave nectar. The beverage is refreshing, approachable and well balanced - bringing you all the goodness of green tea AND MUCH MORE FUN. We can be found online at www.WhiskyT.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Interests Small Cap Investors 721 members Jason BinnJason Binn is a LinkedIn Influencer DuJour & Niche Media Founder; Chief Advisor GILT.COM and InList; Editor Wireimage/Getty 71,847 followers Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members Hedge Fund, Private Equity & Alternative Investments Networking Group - Powered by IvyExec.com 69,257 members Gary VaynerchukGary Vaynerchuk is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO of VaynerMedia, Partner at Vayner/RSE, 4-Time NYT Bestselling Author 1,011,731 followers T. Boone PickensT. Boone Pickens is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chairman and CEO at BP Capital and TBP Investments Management 1,738,375 followers See all See all following
More Actions Samuel has a account Samuel Ward Investment Associate at ATLAS Infrastructure ATLAS Infrastructure University of Oxford London, United Kingdom 377 377 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Valuation See 5 endorsements for Equity Valuation 5 Equity Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Samuel’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 4 endorsements for Financial Modeling 4 Financial Modeling Mark Freshney and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 6 endorsements for Financial Analysis 6 Financial Analysis Mark Freshney and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Oxford 278,183 followers University of Oxford 324,085 followers FactSet 54,832 followers OAG 3,685 followers UiPath - Robotic Process Automation 8,507 followers Narrative Science 4,094 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nicholas has a account Nicholas Teh Intern at Mensa Singapore Mensa Singapore Murdoch University Singapore 9 9 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Skills Python Python Click and drag to reorder skills C C Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Catherine has a account Catherine Cusimano HPS Investment Partners HPS Investment Partners, LLC Tulane University - A.B. Freeman School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 12 endorsements for Valuation 12 Valuation Ralph Basile and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 12 endorsements for Equity Research 12 Equity Research Ralph Basile and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 10 endorsements for Financial Analysis 10 Financial Analysis Ralph Basile and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests THOMSON REUTERS 33,487 members Tulane University 74,922 followers Catholic Finance Association 91 followers Tulane University 78,936 followers Tulane Energy Club 473 members Burkenroad Reports Alumni 1,173 members See all See all following
More Actions Marci has a account Marci Ryvicker Managing Director at Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Harvard Business School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 53 endorsements for Valuation 53 Valuation Endorsed by Jason Helfstein and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Marci’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 45 endorsements for Financial Modeling 45 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Shawn Boire and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Marci’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 28 endorsements for Equities 28 Equities Endorsed by Andrew Hamerling and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Marci’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Mani Shekhar Associate Manager at EY June 25, 2011, Marci managed Mani directly Mani has been working as my associate in equity research helping to cover media and cable stocks for over 2 years now. He has been absolutely excellent - in his attention to detail, ability to analyze and ask appropriate questions, and his communication skills. Mani is a fast learner and also has a tremendous amount of patience, which has clearly shown in his deliverables. My entire team enjoys working with Mani and views him as a significant contributor - someone who we really could not be without. If there are any questions about Mani's abilities or general character, I encourage you to contact me at marci.ryvicker@wellsfargo.com. Interests The Wharton School 158,697 followers iHeartMedia 69,475 followers Harvard Business School 254,534 followers Wells Fargo 569,454 followers Cablefax Group 3,128 members Think with Google 318,658 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Weinstein Managing Director & Head of TMT Research at M|science M Science LLC University of Oregon - Charles H. Lundquist College of Business Portland, Oregon 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 25 endorsements for Financial Modeling 25 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Mark Bachman and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Steve’s colleagues at Pacific Crest Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 22 endorsements for Valuation 22 Valuation Endorsed by Joseph Tou and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Steve’s colleagues at Pacific Crest Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 21 endorsements for Equities 21 Equities Endorsed by Richard G. (Rick) Phillips and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Steve’s colleagues at Pacific Crest Securities Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Josh Dreller VP, Product Marketing at 4C January 3, 2014, Steve worked with Josh but at different companies Josh has an unbelievable knowledge of digital marketing. I greatly value his ability to look at current trends and understand where the market is headed. Josh is ahead of the curve. Interests Emily ChangEmily Chang is a LinkedIn Influencer Anchor, Bloomberg TV 284,294 followers Jet.com 22,809 followers Apptio 16,986 followers Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members University of Oregon - Lundquist Alumni Network 2,449 members ITG 16,362 followers See all See all following
More Actions Samuel has a account Samuel Ward Investment Associate at ATLAS Infrastructure ATLAS Infrastructure University of Oxford London, United Kingdom 377 377 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Valuation See 5 endorsements for Equity Valuation 5 Equity Valuation Endorsed by 2 of Samuel’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 4 endorsements for Financial Modeling 4 Financial Modeling Mark Freshney and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 6 endorsements for Financial Analysis 6 Financial Analysis Mark Freshney and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests UiPath - Robotic Process Automation 8,507 followers FactSet 54,832 followers ModelOff 4,403 followers Narrative Science 4,094 followers The Economist 4,116,927 followers Process Excellence Network (PEX Network - a division of IQPC) 1,346 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nicholas has a account Nicholas Teh Intern at Mensa Singapore Mensa Singapore Murdoch University Singapore 9 9 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Interests Murdoch University 51,479 followers Ministry of Education, Singapore (MOE) 12,338 followers Singapore Armed Forces 4,411 followers Mensa Singapore 113 followers Murdoch University 48,056 followers UCL 199,547 followers
More Actions Catherine has a account Catherine Cusimano HPS Investment Partners HPS Investment Partners, LLC Tulane University - A.B. Freeman School of Business Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 12 endorsements for Valuation 12 Valuation Ralph Basile and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 12 endorsements for Equity Research 12 Equity Research Ralph Basile and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 10 endorsements for Financial Analysis 10 Financial Analysis Ralph Basile and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Catholic Finance Association 91 followers Tulane University - A.B. Freeman School of Business 17,672 followers 504ward 3,219 members YPE New Orleans 264 members Chi Omega Fraternity 25,750 members Tulane University 74,922 followers See all See all following
More Actions Marci has a account Marci Ryvicker Managing Director at Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Harvard Business School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 53 endorsements for Valuation 53 Valuation Endorsed by Jason Helfstein and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Marci’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 45 endorsements for Financial Modeling 45 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Shawn Boire and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Marci’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 28 endorsements for Equities 28 Equities Endorsed by Andrew Hamerling and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Marci’s colleagues at Wells Fargo Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Mani Shekhar Associate Manager at EY June 25, 2011, Marci managed Mani directly Mani has been working as my associate in equity research helping to cover media and cable stocks for over 2 years now. He has been absolutely excellent - in his attention to detail, ability to analyze and ask appropriate questions, and his communication skills. Mani is a fast learner and also has a tremendous amount of patience, which has clearly shown in his deliverables. My entire team enjoys working with Mani and views him as a significant contributor - someone who we really could not be without. If there are any questions about Mani's abilities or general character, I encourage you to contact me at marci.ryvicker@wellsfargo.com. Interests The Walt Disney Company 986,241 followers John BurnsJohn Burns is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at John Burns Real Estate Consulting and Owner, John Burns Real Estate Consulting 576,263 followers Wells Fargo 569,453 followers Cablefax Group 3,128 members The Wharton School 158,698 followers Harvard Business School Alumni (Official) 28,986 members See all See all following
More Actions Nakul has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Nakul Razdan Vice President | Business Analyst at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs Symbiosis International University Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Business Analyst | Investment Banking Technology Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 48 endorsements for Business Analysis 48 Business Analysis Endorsed by Manjushree Dutta and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Nakul’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Requirements Analysis See 14 endorsements for Requirements Analysis 14 Requirements Analysis Endorsed by Indranil Das, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Nakul’s colleagues at Goldman Sachs Click and drag to reorder skills Process Improvement See 9 endorsements for Process Improvement 9 Process Improvement Jay Hira and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Business Analysts 140,082 members Microsoft 3,760,114 followers Oracle 2,169,349 followers Deloitte 2,200,564 followers Accenture 2,761,011 followers Finance Club 1,037,800 members See all See all following
More Actions Scarlett has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Scarlett shi Research analyst at Essence Securities, Hong Kong Essence Securities Co., Ltd Ritsumeikan University Hong Kong 82 82 connections InMail I am a equity research analyst in Essence International Securities. The company is a major investment arm of Essence Securities in Hong Kong, and our parent company is one of the largest securities companies in China. I have several years of experience in healthcare equity research, and I understand the industry and final modeling well. I have good relationship with most of the HK listed pharma companies and many institutional clients. Prior to joining my current company, I worked in the sales and marketing team in Mizuho Securities Asia Limited and BOCI Securities Limited. I speak and write fluent Chinese (Mandarin, Shanghainese and Cantonese), Japanese and English. I provided translation, dealing and consulting service from China, Hong Kong, Japan and other countries. I lived in Shanghai area, Guangdong, Japan and Hong Kong for many years, respectively, so I understand different culture well. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 4 endorsements for Equities 4 Equities Martin Hui and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 2 endorsements for Investments 2 Investments Toshihiko Tsunakawa and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Mandarin See 2 endorsements for Mandarin 2 Mandarin Toshihiko Tsunakawa and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd. 5,220 followers China Securities Co., Ltd. 5,787 followers Financial Analysts 34,874 members Morgan Stanley 590,769 followers 中信建投基金管理有限公司 113 followers CICC 24,090 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ketul has a account Ketul Nathwani Equity Research Associate at Fidelity International Fidelity International University of Kent London, United Kingdom 95 95 connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests LivaNova 18,193 followers Sivantos Group 4,447 followers BSN medical 34,566 followers Symetis 1,727 followers UDG Healthcare plc 1,690 followers University of Kent 72,395 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jae Yeon (Jennifer) has a account Jae Yeon (Jennifer) Yoo Financial Technology | Data Analyst and APAC Account Manager at eFront Hawksburn Capital Singapore Management University Singapore 88 88 connections Send InMail Master of Science in Management at SMU Bachelor of Economics at Korea University Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Market Research Market Research No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Terminal No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Singapore Linux Users Group 440 members 고려대학교 38,352 followers National University of Singapore 186,741 followers LKCSB PG Networking Group 273 members National University of Singapore 210,060 followers Willis Towers Watson 146,195 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jon has a account Jon Mahan Managing Director at Stifel Nicolaus Donegal Insurance Group The College of William and Mary - Marshall Wythe Law School Baltimore, Maryland Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Specialties: Strategic advisory services; Exclusive sale transactions; Presentation and execution of acquisition ideas; Fairness and valuation opinions; Access to capital markets; Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 23 endorsements for Valuation 23 Valuation Endorsed by Christopher College and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jon’s colleagues at Stifel Financial Corp. Click and drag to reorder skills Private Equity See 13 endorsements for Private Equity 13 Private Equity Endorsed by Don K. Rice, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jon’s colleagues at Stifel Financial Corp. Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 10 endorsements for Financial Modeling 10 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Dick Himelfarb, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jon’s colleagues at Stifel Financial Corp. Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Craig England CEO at England & Company January 30, 2009, Jon worked with Craig in different groups Craig represents his clients with integrity and tenacity. Interests William & Mary Law School 5,555 followers Donegal Insurance Group 2,214 followers William & Mary Law School 5,436 followers Western Michigan University - Haworth College of Business 17,939 followers Private Equity, M&A, and Venture Capital Investments 323,292 members Western Michigan University - Haworth College of Business 17,447 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Weinstein Managing Director & Head of TMT Research at M|science M Science LLC University of Oregon - Charles H. Lundquist College of Business Portland, Oregon 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 25 endorsements for Financial Modeling 25 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Mark Bachman and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Steve’s colleagues at Pacific Crest Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 22 endorsements for Valuation 22 Valuation Endorsed by Joseph Tou and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Steve’s colleagues at Pacific Crest Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 21 endorsements for Equities 21 Equities Endorsed by Richard G. (Rick) Phillips and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Steve’s colleagues at Pacific Crest Securities Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Josh Dreller VP, Product Marketing at 4C January 3, 2014, Steve worked with Josh but at different companies Josh has an unbelievable knowledge of digital marketing. I greatly value his ability to look at current trends and understand where the market is headed. Josh is ahead of the curve. Interests Digital Advertising Media and Marketing Professionals 4,996 members Apptio 16,986 followers Jet.com 22,809 followers DePaul University 155,822 followers Google 4,935,225 followers Maynard WebbMaynard Webb is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Webb Investment Network; Co-Founder, Everwise; Author, 'Rebooting Work'​; Board member Yahoo!, Visa & Salesforce 267,616 followers See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Friedman Portfolio Manager at Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Matt’s Activity 1,359 followers Can (high debt) upstream companies please stop saying they will 'spend within EBITDA'. Interest expense is 25% of that number. If you spend within EBITDA, your debt goes up. There are good reason to outspend AFTER-TAX CASH FLOW but give it to us straight please.... Matt liked Thank you to the Private Placement Life Insurance & Variable Annuities Forum team for having me speak at their conference today in Boston. It was great to see so many familiar faces from fund mangers to fund administrators, brokers, and friends. Thank you to Catrina Winters who moderated our panel. Proficio Capital Partners, LLC looks forward to continuing to work with families regarding tax advantaged investing and generational planning. Matt liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Alternative Investments See 24 endorsements for Alternative Investments 24 Alternative Investments Endorsed by Mark Schoenebaum, MD, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Matt’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 19 endorsements for Hedge Funds 19 Hedge Funds Endorsed by 3 of Matt’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Asset Allocation See 18 endorsements for Asset Allocation 18 Asset Allocation Endorsed by 4 of Matt’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Andreas Schmid Senior Director Business Development at Solect Energy January 7, 2012, Matt was a client of Andreas’ Andreas did a great job of explaining the economics of why solar made sense for our Berkshire house. The solar panel project was completed on time and on budget. Interests The University of Chicago Booth School of Business 84,298 followers Emory University - Goizueta Business School 21,268 followers Fidelity Investments 311,710 followers Emory University - Goizueta Business School 23,601 followers Jeff DenneenJeff Denneen is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at Bain & Company 48,534 followers Kristina SalenKristina Salen is a LinkedIn Influencer CFO, Etsy 310,248 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ally has a account Ally Park Equity Research Analyst Smartkarma 서울대학교 (Seoul National University) Hong Kong 62 62 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements 주식조사 주식조사 No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills 금융모델 금융모델 No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills 자본시장 자본시장 No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Telsey Advisory Group 2,670 followers Harvard Business Review 4,252,588 followers Huxley Banking & Financial Services 93,399 followers GIC 30,777 followers Wellington Management 24,923 followers Alphaliner 2,701 followers See all See all following
More Actions Les has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Les Baquiran Founder of Alpine Capital Advisors and Pinebase Alpine Capital Advisors Connecticut College Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail With presence in New York, Latin America and China, Alpine advises and raises assets for asset managers and companies and Pinebase creates and curates investment content for global investors and entrepreneurs. Our relationships are with institutional, strategic and private investors, financial sponsors, corporates and sovereigns. New initiatives in process: Launching our Chinese version of Pinebase, developing cross Pacific relationships with family offices and corporate strategics. Finally I love music and love to hear about new music and music businesses. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Les’ Articles & Activity 12,184 followers Top Stories from Alpine Investment Review (AIR): November 9, 2016 Les Baquiran on LinkedIn See 36 more articles Their ancestors were slaves sold by Georgetown. Now they're going to school there. Les liked A little food for thought... A group of wolves: The three in front are old & sick, they walk in front to set the pace of the running group lest they get left behind. The next five are the strongest & best, they are tasked to protect the front side if there is an attack. The pack in the middle are always protected from any attack. The five behind them are also among the strongest & best; they are tasked to protect the back side if there is an attack. The last one is the LEADER. He ensures that no one is left behind. He keeps the pack unified and on the same path. He is always ready to run in any direction to protect & serves as the 'bodyguard' to the entire group. Just in case anyone wanted to know what it really means to be a leader. It's not about being out front. It means taking care of the team. Les liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Investment Banking See 41 endorsements for Investment Banking 41 Investment Banking Endorsed by Daniel Mueller, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Les’ colleagues at Alpine Capital Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 171 endorsements for Hedge Funds 99+ Hedge Funds Endorsed by Brian Chung and 50 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Les’ colleagues at Alpine Capital Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills Alternative Investments See 146 endorsements for Alternative Investments 99+ Alternative Investments Endorsed by Stuart MacDonald and 29 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Les’ colleagues at Alpine Capital Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Daniel Jackson International Business Consultant May 12, 2017, Les worked with Daniel but at different companies I worked with Daniel for six months on an event hosting Chinese corporate and government executives including current and former US Governors and Senators, Ministers Counselors and Attaches from Chinese government, billionaire investors and founders from US and China and Think Tank participants. He was a consummate professional who blended his duty to the State with a unique flexibility to incorporate new ideas and initiatives to attract attention and interest to the Economy of Nebraska. He was fair dealing, straight forward, results-oriented, practical and efficient not only with his time but the time of his staff, guests and state executives including Governor Pete Ricketts. As is the case with most State Governments, staff are usually stretched for time and resources and Daniel utilized his networks both locally and abroad to maximize the exposure of the State to the local community, foreign visitors, corporates and the media. He was absolute pleasure to deal with and I look forward to working with him and his team in the future. Interests Frank WuFrank Wu is a LinkedIn Influencer Distinguished Professor at University of California Hastings College of the Law 312,271 followers Dr. Wladimir KlitschkoDr. Wladimir Klitschko is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Owner, Inspirer, Initiator and long-time Heavyweight Champion of the World 55,674 followers M&A Club in China 15,301 members North America Chinese Association for Science, Technology and Commerce 9 followers AAAIM - The Association of Asian American Investment Managers 835 members Jim KimJim Kim is a LinkedIn Influencer President at The World Bank 1,477,559 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jonathan has a account Jonathan Raven Research Analyst at L/S Equity Fund Ion Asset Management Private Mandarin classes (written and spoken) Israel 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity analyst with extensive buy- and sell-side experience. As a buy-side analyst for a hedge fund my focus is on fundamental bottom-up stock picking. Large long only personal account - primarily EU/ US. Experience as a published sell-side analyst at a tier-1 global bank, and launched an equity research product for Israel's largest bank. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Jonathan’s Activity 1,159 followers Congratulations to our Manof team on a great IPO. Well done! Jeremy Lustman, Liora Katzenstein ליאורה קצנשטיין, Lital Slavin, Lior Segev, David Page, Israel and US Lawyer in Jerusalem, Daniella L. Finn, Leor Ceder, Loren L. Zwillinger, CRM, IRA, Lior Shahory, zvika levi, Leon Harris, Ron Lubash, Liron Gazit, Liat Gaber, Lev Mikulitski, Lokesh Madan, Lior Katz, CFA, Larry Shertz, Leah Cox, Lidor Dahan, L Brands, Loblaw Companies Limited, L&T Valdel, Lamprell, LinkedIn, Lockheed Martin, Lenovo, Lowe's Companies, Inc., L3, Live Nation Entertainment, Level 3 Communications, Lionbridge, Lionsgate, Lam Research, Life Time - Healthy Way of Life, LSI, an Avago Technologies Company, Lincoln Financial Group, Lennar, LCC - A Tech Mahindra Company, Lincoln Electric, Liberty University, Leiden University, Lund University, London Metropolitan University, Loyola University Chicago, Loughborough University, Leeds Beckett University, Lancaster University, Liverpool John Moores University, La Trobe University, Linköping University, Ludwig-Maximilians Universität München, London Business School, London South Bank University, Lamar University, Lehigh University, Lagos State University, Loyola Marymount University, Louisiana Tech University, Lone Star College Jonathan liked All, at Investopedia we're relaunching our markets page and looking to interview US users who are (1) Powerusers of Yahoo!Finance or another watchlist for their personal investing, or (2) Are just starting out as self-directed retail investors who will focus specifically on fundamental analysis (not technical analysis). Please shoot over your email and we'd love to chat as would seriously help us ensure we are building a great new markets product. Thx! Jonathan liked אני מקבלת הרבה פניות בבקשה לעזרה בחיפוש עבודה... משתדלת לענות לכל פנייה! פתחתי עבורכם קבוצה בפייסבוק לחיפוש עבודה בכל התחומים וכל הדרגים מוזמנים להצטרף (: https://lnkd.in/graCvv3 Jonathan liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 48 endorsements for Equities 48 Equities Endorsed by Randeep Grewal and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 42 endorsements for Equity Research 42 Equity Research Endorsed by Randeep Grewal and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 36 endorsements for Valuation 36 Valuation Endorsed by Aaron Gorin and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Avi Unterman Lawyer at Avi Unterman, Law Offices, Israel Real Estate Lawyers April 18, 2013, Jonathan was a client of Avi’s Avi has provided me service on a number of real estate deals over the past few years. He possess a rare mixture of two qualities:1. He is excellent at his craft / profession2. He deals with clients and all stakeholders perfectly. He made me feel at ease and confident of his capabilities at all stages. Bottom line: he really cares.I wholeheartedly recommend Avi. Interests Finance Professionals Worldwide 106,697 members Association of Financial Analysts 33,512 members FT This Is Africa 2,008 members Ion Asset Management 88 followers Infinity Investment Group 163 followers University of Nottingham 155,376 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ally has a account Ally Park Equity Research Analyst Smartkarma 서울대학교 (Seoul National University) Hong Kong 62 62 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements 주식조사 주식조사 No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills 금융모델 금융모델 No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills 자본시장 자본시장 No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Huxley Banking & Financial Services 93,399 followers Smartkarma 450 followers Bridgewater Associates 50,103 followers Forbes 4,673,565 followers Alphaliner 2,701 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,524,087 followers See all See all following
More Actions Pablo has a account Pablo Picazo Mur Chief Operating Officer Andasol-1&2 CSP Plants Andasol-1&2 Universidad Politécnica de Madrid Madrid Area, Spain 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Energy See 19 endorsements for Energy 19 Energy Endorsed by 2 of Pablo’s colleagues at BBVA Click and drag to reorder skills Renewable Energy See 12 endorsements for Renewable Energy 12 Renewable Energy Endorsed by Javier de la Cruz Aguillo and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Project Finance See 8 endorsements for Project Finance 8 Project Finance Endorsed by 2 of Pablo’s colleagues at BBVA Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Sumber Energy Asset Management 23 followers ETSI MINAS 1,958 members Universidad Politécnica de Madrid 155,952 followers Universidad Politécnica de Madrid 148,324 followers Enerclub Club Español de la Energía 2,057 members
More Actions Les has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Les Baquiran Founder of Alpine Capital Advisors and Pinebase Alpine Capital Advisors Connecticut College Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail With presence in New York, Latin America and China, Alpine advises and raises assets for asset managers and companies and Pinebase creates and curates investment content for global investors and entrepreneurs. Our relationships are with institutional, strategic and private investors, financial sponsors, corporates and sovereigns. New initiatives in process: Launching our Chinese version of Pinebase, developing cross Pacific relationships with family offices and corporate strategics. Finally I love music and love to hear about new music and music businesses. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Les’ Articles & Activity 12,184 followers Top Stories from Alpine Investment Review (AIR): November 9, 2016 Les Baquiran on LinkedIn See 36 more articles Their ancestors were slaves sold by Georgetown. Now they're going to school there. Les liked A little food for thought... A group of wolves: The three in front are old & sick, they walk in front to set the pace of the running group lest they get left behind. The next five are the strongest & best, they are tasked to protect the front side if there is an attack. The pack in the middle are always protected from any attack. The five behind them are also among the strongest & best; they are tasked to protect the back side if there is an attack. The last one is the LEADER. He ensures that no one is left behind. He keeps the pack unified and on the same path. He is always ready to run in any direction to protect & serves as the 'bodyguard' to the entire group. Just in case anyone wanted to know what it really means to be a leader. It's not about being out front. It means taking care of the team. Les liked See all activity Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Daniel Jackson International Business Consultant May 12, 2017, Les worked with Daniel but at different companies I worked with Daniel for six months on an event hosting Chinese corporate and government executives including current and former US Governors and Senators, Ministers Counselors and Attaches from Chinese government, billionaire investors and founders from US and China and Think Tank participants. He was a consummate professional who blended his duty to the State with a unique flexibility to incorporate new ideas and initiatives to attract attention and interest to the Economy of Nebraska. He was fair dealing, straight forward, results-oriented, practical and efficient not only with his time but the time of his staff, guests and state executives including Governor Pete Ricketts. As is the case with most State Governments, staff are usually stretched for time and resources and Daniel utilized his networks both locally and abroad to maximize the exposure of the State to the local community, foreign visitors, corporates and the media. He was absolute pleasure to deal with and I look forward to working with him and his team in the future. Interests Asian Investors Group 27,689 members US China Innovation and Investment 中美创新与投资 170 members Dr. Wladimir KlitschkoDr. Wladimir Klitschko is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Owner, Inspirer, Initiator and long-time Heavyweight Champion of the World 55,674 followers Overseas Property Investment Network for International Real Estate & Referral 36,927 members Caryn Seidman BeckerCaryn Seidman Becker is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO CLEAR 149,853 followers Argentina Forum 2016 633 followers See all See all following
More Actions Roberto has a account Roberto Cuca CFO at Trevena, Inc. Trevena, Inc. CFA Institute Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Pharmaceutical Industry See 22 endorsements for Pharmaceutical Industry 22 Pharmaceutical Industry Endorsed by Mahen Gundecha and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Roberto’s colleagues at Endo Pharmaceuticals Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 28 endorsements for Finance 28 Finance Endorsed by John Delucca and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Roberto’s colleagues at Endo Pharmaceuticals Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 9 endorsements for Financial Modeling 9 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Roberto’s colleagues at Endo Pharmaceuticals Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Mark Schauwecker, MBA Director | VP of Finance Specializing in FP&A ► Strategic Growth Strategist ✓ Maximizing Profits in Medical Devices January 19, 2016, Roberto managed Mark directly Mark reported to me when I led the Financial Planning and Analysis function at Endo. Over the course of the three years we worked together, Mark became my point person for budgeting and forecasting across Endo’s multiple segments and for preparing and ensuring the accuracy of financial reports distributed to senior management and to the board of directors. Efficiencies from improvements he made to our processes freed up the FP&A team to spend more time on business partnering and decision support. Mark’s technical abilities and great personality will enable him to contribute significantly to any finance team. Interests Cornell Law School 9,987 followers IvyLife-Philly 1,047 members IvyLife. Alumni United. 47,566 members Chief Financial Officer (TGL) 12,210 members Princeton University 121,664 followers CFA Society of Philadelphia 2,003 members See all See all following
More Actions Jonathan has a account Jonathan Raven Research Analyst at L/S Equity Fund Ion Asset Management Private Mandarin classes (written and spoken) Israel 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Equity analyst with extensive buy- and sell-side experience. As a buy-side analyst for a hedge fund my focus is on fundamental bottom-up stock picking. Large long only personal account - primarily EU/ US. Experience as a published sell-side analyst at a tier-1 global bank, and launched an equity research product for Israel's largest bank. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Jonathan’s Activity 1,159 followers Congratulations to our Manof team on a great IPO. Well done! Jeremy Lustman, Liora Katzenstein ליאורה קצנשטיין, Lital Slavin, Lior Segev, David Page, Israel and US Lawyer in Jerusalem, Daniella L. Finn, Leor Ceder, Loren L. Zwillinger, CRM, IRA, Lior Shahory, zvika levi, Leon Harris, Ron Lubash, Liron Gazit, Liat Gaber, Lev Mikulitski, Lokesh Madan, Lior Katz, CFA, Larry Shertz, Leah Cox, Lidor Dahan, L Brands, Loblaw Companies Limited, L&T Valdel, Lamprell, LinkedIn, Lockheed Martin, Lenovo, Lowe's Companies, Inc., L3, Live Nation Entertainment, Level 3 Communications, Lionbridge, Lionsgate, Lam Research, Life Time - Healthy Way of Life, LSI, an Avago Technologies Company, Lincoln Financial Group, Lennar, LCC - A Tech Mahindra Company, Lincoln Electric, Liberty University, Leiden University, Lund University, London Metropolitan University, Loyola University Chicago, Loughborough University, Leeds Beckett University, Lancaster University, Liverpool John Moores University, La Trobe University, Linköping University, Ludwig-Maximilians Universität München, London Business School, London South Bank University, Lamar University, Lehigh University, Lagos State University, Loyola Marymount University, Louisiana Tech University, Lone Star College Jonathan liked All, at Investopedia we're relaunching our markets page and looking to interview US users who are (1) Powerusers of Yahoo!Finance or another watchlist for their personal investing, or (2) Are just starting out as self-directed retail investors who will focus specifically on fundamental analysis (not technical analysis). Please shoot over your email and we'd love to chat as would seriously help us ensure we are building a great new markets product. Thx! Jonathan liked אני מקבלת הרבה פניות בבקשה לעזרה בחיפוש עבודה... משתדלת לענות לכל פנייה! פתחתי עבורכם קבוצה בפייסבוק לחיפוש עבודה בכל התחומים וכל הדרגים מוזמנים להצטרף (: https://lnkd.in/graCvv3 Jonathan liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 48 endorsements for Equities 48 Equities Endorsed by Randeep Grewal and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 42 endorsements for Equity Research 42 Equity Research Endorsed by Randeep Grewal and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 36 endorsements for Valuation 36 Valuation Endorsed by Aaron Gorin and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jonathan’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Avi Unterman Lawyer at Avi Unterman, Law Offices, Israel Real Estate Lawyers April 18, 2013, Jonathan was a client of Avi’s Avi has provided me service on a number of real estate deals over the past few years. He possess a rare mixture of two qualities:1. He is excellent at his craft / profession2. He deals with clients and all stakeholders perfectly. He made me feel at ease and confident of his capabilities at all stages. Bottom line: he really cares.I wholeheartedly recommend Avi. Interests Infinity Investment Group 163 followers University of Nottingham 139,839 followers Asset / Wealth Management Careers 19,089 members Finance Club 1,037,800 members Global Equity Research 14,441 members Association of Financial Analysts 33,512 members See all See all following
More Actions Lorraine has a account Lorraine Hutchinson -- United States 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Rishi has a account Rishi Desai Aspiring Equity Research Analyst Brock Economics Students' Association (BESA) Goodman School of Business at Brock University Toronto, Canada Area 387 387 connections Send InMail I am a fourth year Business Administration student at Brock University. I am a sincere and hard working individual with the hunger and desire to excel and strive forward. Highlights Follow Follow Rishi’s Activity 389 followers Being the butt of the joke with Stephen Colbert Rishi liked Do you know what is cool about India and Indians ? They are young and they have hope. The average age of Indians is much younger than people in Europe and the USA. They are young people who are determined to make something of their life. Many of them get married young and have kids. This gives the Indian men and women some more motivation to work hard for their kid's future. I worked and travelled with Indians for many years. I admire their energy and hope. Jai Bharat ! Rishi liked "The First 30 Days as a Summer Associate" - TD Securities Rishi liked A young man buys a donkey for $100 - but when the farmer delivers it - the donkey is dead and the farmer has spent the money so there is no return of the price paid. "I'll take it anyway and raffle it" says the boy. “You can’t raffle a dead donkey" says the farmer. “Yes I can - I just won’t tell them it's dead" says the boy. A month later the farmer meets the boy asks him what happened. “I sold 500 tickets at $2 a ticket" "Didn't anyone complain?” asks the farmer. “Yes”- the boy replied "Just the man who won... so I gave him his $2 back". The boy is now an investment banker. Rishi liked A Couple of Thoughts Rishi liked Sanjay Manjrekar in a recent article beautifully exclaimed - India is not a cricket loving nation, India is a celebrity cricket loving nation. If India were truly a cricket loving nation, our Ranji matches would be as full as our IPL. We don't value all sports as much as we should because we are not raised with sports as an integral part of our lives. Article - https://lnkd.in/fSfxWZT Rishi liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements PowerPoint See 7 endorsements for PowerPoint 7 PowerPoint Simran Kaur and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 5 endorsements for Microsoft Office 5 Microsoft Office Endorsed by Simran Kaur, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Teamwork See 5 endorsements for Teamwork 5 Teamwork Simran Kaur and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests The Canadian CPA 13,492 members Grow. 879 followers Instant Impact 42,777 followers PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC US) 81,172 members CPP Investment Board 32,720 followers Dennis K. BermanDennis K. Berman is a LinkedIn Influencer Financial Editor of the Wall Street Journal 152,256 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Zhang Equity Research Analyst at Fidelity International Fidelity International Fudan University Shanghai Suburb, China 138 138 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Keith has a account Keith Banks President, U.S. Trust, Head of Merrill Lynch & U.S. Trust CIO and Investment Solutions Group U.S. Trust Columbia University in the City of New York New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Since 2008, I have been the president of U.S. Trust, which provides integrated investment, trust, banking and lending services to wealthy and ultra-wealthy clients. U.S. Trust clients are served by teams of experienced advisors offering a range of financial services, including investment management, financial and succession planning, philanthropic and specialty asset management, family office services, custom credit solutions, wealth structuring and family trust stewardship. I also serve as head of the Chief Investment Office (CIO) and the Investment Solutions Group (ISG) for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management and U.S. Trust. Together, the combined CIO and ISG teams deliver a disciplined investment process through industry-leading platforms, product capabilities and investment insights aligned to the goals-based approach and client experience framework. Previously, I was a member of the Global Diversity & Inclusion Council. During my tenure at Bank of America, I served as president of Global Wealth & Investment Management and president and CIO of Columbia Management. I joined Bank of America in 2004, following FleetBoston Financial’s merger with Bank of America. Previously, I held the roles of CIO and CEO of FleetBoston Financial’s asset management organization after joining the company in 2000. Prior to joining FleetBoston, I was a managing director and head of U.S. equity for JP Morgan Investment Management. During my 16-year career at JP Morgan, I served as global head of equity research, head of U.S. equity research and a portfolio manager, and equity research analyst for the chemical and textile industries. I began my career as an equity analyst at Home Insurance in 1981. I earned my bachelor’s degree in economics with high honors and Phi Beta Kappa from Rutgers University, and an MBA in finance from Columbia Business School. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Keith’s Articles & Activity 3,493 followers From Generation Gap to Generational Collide: An Opportunity for the Ages Keith Banks on LinkedIn See 15 more articles From Generation Gap to Generational Collide: An Opportunity for the Ages Keith shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Wealth Management See 47 endorsements for Wealth Management 47 Wealth Management Endorsed by Zakir N. (Zak) Odhwani and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Keith’s colleagues at U.S. Trust Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 41 endorsements for Investments 41 Investments Endorsed by Paul Cummings and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Keith’s colleagues at U.S. Trust Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 30 endorsements for Equities 30 Equities Endorsed by 6 of Keith’s colleagues at U.S. Trust Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Michael Davies, CFA Chief Strategy Officer at Arkados Group, Inc. March 24, 2017, Michael was a client of Keith’s Mike is skilled at extracting insight and identifying technology trends. He provides investment research and financial models that help with decision making. Interests Columbia University in the City of New York 257,522 followers Investment Management professionals 35,482 members James GormanJames Gorman is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO at Morgan Stanley 162,956 followers Larry FinkLarry Fink is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO at BlackRock 550,051 followers Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts 11,280 followers Anthony ScaramucciAnthony Scaramucci is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur 214,620 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daria has a account Daria Yurova Financial Analyst at Intel Intel Corporation University of San Francisco San Francisco Bay Area 288 288 connections Send InMail ► Master in Financial Analysis, CFA LII Candidate ► 1st place in CFA Investment Research Challenge 2015/2016 in North California, Global Final 2016 ► Experienced in EXCEL, Bloomberg Terminal, FactSet, familiarity with STATA, SQL, Tableau, R See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 26 endorsements for Financial Analysis 26 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Sameh Soliman and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Daria’s colleagues at CFA Institute Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 16 endorsements for Financial Modeling 16 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Daria’s colleagues at CFA Institute Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 16 endorsements for Valuation 16 Valuation Marshall Brown and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Interests University of San Francisco Dons Helping Dons 4,397 members University of San Francisco School of Management 2,916 members San Francisco State University 195,816 followers Market Street Partners 912 followers ICMA Executive Education 1,054 members Citi 1,270,366 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ahmed has a account Ahmed H. Kamal, CFA Senior Equity Research Analyst at Rasmala Rasmala CFA Institute Egypt 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail CFA charterholder & Economics Graduate with 5+ years of experience in Banking & Non Banking FIs, now pursuing a decent career in Asset Management mostly in Equities. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Ahmed’s Activity 1,223 followers Global Economic Outlook, June 2017 - OECD Ahmed liked The fDi Report 2017 https://lnkd.in/gRijH7r Ahmed liked Today, both hard and soft US data fell short of expectations. With the gap within the two remaining considerable, the question remains as to how they will eventually converge. #economy #markets #housing #sentiment #business #confidence Ahmed liked Africa Development Club in Cairo to welcome our Attijariwafa bank Egypt colleagues Ahmed liked Dubai banking giant appoints first female Emirati as CEO Ahmed liked Market dynamics over the past couple of years is proving that the major part of the problem is on the demand side, and that even though controls on the supply side would help in stabilizing prices in the short term, they are far from effective in the long term. Traditional producers no longer have the upper hand in controlling the market, and until we see a sustained improvement in global energy demand, oil prices will remain weak and vulnerable to short-term market data. Read the rest of the story here: https://lnkd.in/gHYTutf Ahmed liked See all activity Skills Financial Analysis Financial Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research Equity Research Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation Equity Valuation Click and drag to reorder skills Finance Finance Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Gulfbankers Executive Search 20,609 members EY 1,747,044 followers Institute of International Finance 2,501 followers Sigma Capital Holding 781 followers Mubadala 68,681 followers Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank - Egypt 40,204 followers See all See all following
More Actions Scott has a account Scott Soler Managing Member at Jackson Hill Advisors, LLC Jackson Hill Advisors, LLC The Wharton School Houston, Texas Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail The SEC and FINRA prohibit an RIA from displaying recommendations and endorsements on my LinkedIn profile. Highlights Skills Due Diligence Due Diligence Click and drag to reorder skills Private Equity Private Equity Click and drag to reorder skills Investments Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests The Wharton School 185,683 followers The Wharton School 158,698 followers Texas A&M University 341,687 followers Ray DalioRay Dalio is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & Chief Investment Officer at Bridgewater Associates, L.P. 280,886 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,242,519 followers Texas A&M University 358,379 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nicholas has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Nicholas Shabason Private Equity Analyst at Leaf Capital Leaf Capital Cape Town Area, South Africa 10 10 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Haller Finance and Accounting Analyst at Clarke Capital Partners PwC Brigham Young University Salt Lake City, Utah 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Incoming Accounting Summer Analyst Company Name PwC Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Lisbon Area, Portugal Finance and Accounting Analyst Company Name Clarke Capital Partners Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Private Equity Extern Company Name Linsalata Capital Partners Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Mayfield Heights, OH Linsalata Capital Partners is a mid-cap PE fund, managing $1bn in assets. -Drive key valuation diligence on potential investments between the IOI and LOI transaction stages including primary research-based market studies and identifying competitive landscapes. Research Analyst Intern Company Name Clarke Capital Partners Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 3 mos Clarke Capital Partners is a family office investment firm, focused on alternative assets, hedge funds, early stage university-licensed/acquired technologies, and growth equity.-Research products, vast competition, customer interest, and growth potential for acquisition; report findings to management -Coordinate directly with management of portfolio companies to organize, present, and execute various deals and projects-Asses market size, growth trends, potential pivoting opportunities, and distribution channels Sales and Customer Service Representative Company Name InfoTrax Systems Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Trained 300+ customers on how to effectively use the internet-based messaging service and other virtual office featuresActed as first point of contact for potential customers and sold 100+ new accountsRetained 300+ associates in our company from over 30 multi-level marketing businessesWorked extensively as a team to discover a variety of ways to improve the service and make it more functional for customers based on client feedback Education Brigham Young University Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2019 Activities and Societies: BYU Finance Society Volunteer Experience Volunteer Representative Company Name The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Dates volunteered Mar 2012 – Mar 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Featured Skills & Endorsements Leadership See 11 endorsements for Leadership 11 Leadership Endorsed by Jaden Beckstrand and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Clarke Capital Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Office 10 Microsoft Office Endorsed by Vanessa Goh, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Clarke Capital Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 9 endorsements for Public Speaking 9 Public Speaking Endorsed by Jaden Beckstrand, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Clarke Capital Partners Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Interests Segment News Media, LLC 9 followers PwC 1,355,226 followers Clarke Capital Partners 261 followers Solamere Capital, LLC 474 followers InfoTrax Systems 346 followers DW Healthcare Partners 375 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Zhang Equity Research Analyst at Fidelity International Fidelity International Fudan University Shanghai Suburb, China 138 138 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Scott has a account Scott Soler Managing Member at Jackson Hill Advisors, LLC Jackson Hill Advisors, LLC The Wharton School Houston, Texas Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail The SEC and FINRA prohibit an RIA from displaying recommendations and endorsements on my LinkedIn profile. Highlights Skills Due Diligence Due Diligence Click and drag to reorder skills Private Equity Private Equity Click and drag to reorder skills Investments Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests The Wharton School 158,698 followers Texas A&M University 358,379 followers Ray DalioRay Dalio is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & Chief Investment Officer at Bridgewater Associates, L.P. 280,886 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,242,519 followers The Wharton School 185,683 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,446,041 followers See all See all following
More Actions Keith has a account Keith Banks President, U.S. Trust, Head of Merrill Lynch & U.S. Trust CIO and Investment Solutions Group U.S. Trust Columbia University in the City of New York New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Since 2008, I have been the president of U.S. Trust, which provides integrated investment, trust, banking and lending services to wealthy and ultra-wealthy clients. U.S. Trust clients are served by teams of experienced advisors offering a range of financial services, including investment management, financial and succession planning, philanthropic and specialty asset management, family office services, custom credit solutions, wealth structuring and family trust stewardship. I also serve as head of the Chief Investment Office (CIO) and the Investment Solutions Group (ISG) for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management and U.S. Trust. Together, the combined CIO and ISG teams deliver a disciplined investment process through industry-leading platforms, product capabilities and investment insights aligned to the goals-based approach and client experience framework. Previously, I was a member of the Global Diversity & Inclusion Council. During my tenure at Bank of America, I served as president of Global Wealth & Investment Management and president and CIO of Columbia Management. I joined Bank of America in 2004, following FleetBoston Financial’s merger with Bank of America. Previously, I held the roles of CIO and CEO of FleetBoston Financial’s asset management organization after joining the company in 2000. Prior to joining FleetBoston, I was a managing director and head of U.S. equity for JP Morgan Investment Management. During my 16-year career at JP Morgan, I served as global head of equity research, head of U.S. equity research and a portfolio manager, and equity research analyst for the chemical and textile industries. I began my career as an equity analyst at Home Insurance in 1981. I earned my bachelor’s degree in economics with high honors and Phi Beta Kappa from Rutgers University, and an MBA in finance from Columbia Business School. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Keith’s Articles & Activity 3,493 followers From Generation Gap to Generational Collide: An Opportunity for the Ages Keith Banks on LinkedIn See 15 more articles From Generation Gap to Generational Collide: An Opportunity for the Ages Keith shared this See all activity Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Michael Davies, CFA Chief Strategy Officer at Arkados Group, Inc. March 24, 2017, Michael was a client of Keith’s Mike is skilled at extracting insight and identifying technology trends. He provides investment research and financial models that help with decision making. Interests Rutgers University 303,127 followers Bank of America 801,546 followers Angela AhrendtsAngela Ahrendts is a LinkedIn Influencer Senior Vice President, Apple Retail 665,241 followers Finance Club 1,037,800 members Jamie DimonJamie Dimon is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 526,752 followers Columbia University in the City of New York 257,522 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nicholas has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Nicholas Shabason Private Equity Analyst at Leaf Capital Leaf Capital Cape Town Area, South Africa 10 10 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Interests Leaf Capital 125 followers
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Moskowitz Equity Analyst Barclays University of Notre Dame San Francisco, California 437 437 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 21 endorsements for Financial Modeling 21 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Sam Doctor and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Mark’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Capital Markets See 19 endorsements for Capital Markets 19 Capital Markets Endorsed by 4 of Mark’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 16 endorsements for Equities 16 Equities Endorsed by Amit Daryanani, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mark’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests J.P. Morgan 833,601 followers University of Notre Dame 127,056 followers Barclays 469,026 followers University of Notre Dame 111,899 followers
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Haller Finance and Accounting Analyst at Clarke Capital Partners PwC Brigham Young University Salt Lake City, Utah 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Leadership See 11 endorsements for Leadership 11 Leadership Endorsed by Jaden Beckstrand and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Clarke Capital Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 10 endorsements for Microsoft Office 10 Microsoft Office Endorsed by Vanessa Goh, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Clarke Capital Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 9 endorsements for Public Speaking 9 Public Speaking Endorsed by Jaden Beckstrand, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Michael’s colleagues at Clarke Capital Partners Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Clarke Capital Partners 261 followers Solamere Capital, LLC 474 followers Brigham Young University 214,273 followers InfoTrax Systems 346 followers DW Healthcare Partners 375 followers Linsalata Capital Partners 57 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jolin has a account Jolin ZHANG Senior Analyst (L/S Hedge Fund) Elements Advisors Fudan University Hong Kong 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 1 endorsement for Equity Research 1 Equity Research Liza Boltz has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Management Investment Management No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Equities Equities No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Asian Investors Group 27,689 members Bill GrossBill Gross is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO of Idealab 328,595 followers AIESEC 31,782 members Hedge Fund Managers (7,500+) 11,405 members Elements Advisors 12 followers Ray DalioRay Dalio is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & Chief Investment Officer at Bridgewater Associates, L.P. 280,886 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Bailey, CFA, FRM, CAIA, CMT Senior Investment Director at Children's Medical Center Children's Medical Center Yale University Dallas/Fort Worth Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Financial leader with over seventeen years of experience in financial analysis, financial modeling, investment management, industry analysis and report writing. Strong analytical background with the capability of evaluating different types of industries, companies, and investments. Strong computer/spreadsheet skills, excellent at multi-tasking and managing of investment staff, and working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment. Specialties: Alternative Investments, Hedge Funds, Private Equity, Due Diligence, Technical Analysis, Investment solutions & strategies, Public Equities, Fixed Income, Economic Analysis, Risk Management, Modeling, and Deal Sourcing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Interests Global Association of Risk Professionals (GARP) 42,051 members Algorithmic Traders Association: CTA & Quant Funds System Trading | Stocks, Futures, Forex, Options 175,276 members Marketing and Networking for Financial Advisors 30,738 members Total Trading 2,440 members Marketing & Networking for Business Professionals & Doctors 106,981 members Children's Health 16,267 followers See all See all following
More Actions Natasha has a account Natasha Lamb Managing Partner, Director of Equity Research & Shareholder Engagement, Portfolio Manager, Arjuna Capital Arjuna Capital Bainbridge Graduate Institute Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Natasha Lamb is the Director of Equity Research and Shareholder Engagement and a Portfolio Manager at Arjuna Capital, an investment advisor focused on sustainable and impact investing. Specializing in the integration of sustainability and shareholder value creation, Natasha integrates Environmental Social and Governance (ESG) factors into fundamental investment decisions, while engaging corporate leadership to improve performance through shareholder proposals, dialog, and public policy advocacy. Previously, Natasha was Vice President, Shareholder Advocacy and Corporate Engagement and an Equity Analyst at Trillium Asset Management. Natasha contributes thought leadership to the Guardian; as a Ceres Coalition member, advising corporate leadership; through the United Nations’ UNEP FI Climate Change Working Group; and as a founding organizer of Greater Boston Slow Money. In 2013 Natasha was nominated for the SRI service award for engaging natural gas companies on high global warming potential methane emissions. In 2014, her landmark negotiation with Exxon Mobil led to the company’s first public report on global warming and carbon asset risk. Natasha teaches sustainable investing at Bainbridge Graduate Institute where she sits on the Board Finance Committee. She is a trustee of The Food Project. Natasha holds an M.B.A in Sustainable Business from Bainbridge Graduate Institute, a pioneer in sustainable business education, and received her B.A. cum laude from Mount Holyoke College. Specialties: Sustainable and Responsible (SRI) Investing, Shareholder Engagement, Environmental Social & Governance (ESG) Analysis, Sustainability Consulting, Marketing Design & Presentation, Project Management, Sales See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Natasha’s Activity 532 followers ExxonMobil Dealt 'Watershed' Blow as Climate Change Proposal Wins Majority Backing Natasha liked Meet The New Breed Of Activist Investors Who Are Trying To Give Silicon Valley A Conscience Natasha liked Trump is out of touch with investors re #ParisAgreement. #ExxonVote underlines business case for #ClimateAction. See my interview on Business News Network, Canada's CNN. Natasha shared this See all activity Recommendations Received (5) Given (2) Heather Gahan Owner, Earthsake October 11, 2012, Heather managed Natasha directly Natasha is in the small group of the "very best" hires at Earthsake. I would clone every employee after her if I could. She was an exceptional communicator, very well organized, innovative and collaborative on projects, and she created lasting, memorable experiences for our customers with her outstanding service.I recommend Natasha Lamb with the highest regards. Shelley Alpern Social Research & Advocacy at Clean Yield Asset Management August 9, 2010, Shelley worked with Natasha in different groups Natasha is exceptionally smart, motivated and innovative. She is very generous about sharing knowledge, and has a sunny personality and sense of humor that make her a pleasure to work with. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Meryl Hunter Director of Engagement at Spokin April 12, 2012, Natasha managed Meryl directly Meryl is smart, engaging, and simply a pleasure to work with. She contributed greatly to Trillium's stock discovery and recommendation process, through both financial due diligence and sustainability analysis, at what we consider a very high level internship. Meryl brings insight, work ethic, enthusiasm, and great sense of perspective and humor -- attributes which will serve her greatly in whatever work she chooses to pursue. Alison Haight Associate Director, Global Support Services at Harvard University December 16, 2009, Natasha was senior to Alison but didn’t manage directly Alison was an incredible resource during her time at Trillium. Her diligence and work ethic set her apart in what we consider a very high level internship. Alison was productive, a pleasure to work with, and a strong contributor to our equity analysis team. Her thoughtful nature, intelligence, and dedication will serve her well in whatever work she pursues. Interests Responsible Investor 5,280 members Slow Money Institute 986 followers BASIC (Building a Sustainable Investment Community) 628 members Pinchot Programs at Presidio Graduate School 1,493 followers Impact Investing Forum 26,357 members ESG Investing 16,997 members See all See all following
More Actions Daria has a account Daria Yurova Financial Analyst at Intel Intel Corporation University of San Francisco San Francisco Bay Area 288 288 connections Send InMail ► Master in Financial Analysis, CFA LII Candidate ► 1st place in CFA Investment Research Challenge 2015/2016 in North California, Global Final 2016 ► Experienced in EXCEL, Bloomberg Terminal, FactSet, familiarity with STATA, SQL, Tableau, R See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 26 endorsements for Financial Analysis 26 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Sameh Soliman and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Daria’s colleagues at CFA Institute Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 16 endorsements for Financial Modeling 16 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Daria’s colleagues at CFA Institute Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 16 endorsements for Valuation 16 Valuation Marshall Brown and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests BMO Capital Markets 32,327 followers Red Square International - Recruitment of Russian Speaking Professionals Worldwide 22,008 members GQR Global Markets 69,085 followers Canaccord Genuity Inc. 10,367 followers Investment Professionals Network - Asset Management, Trading & Hedge Funds 17,723 members Compass Analytics, LLC 3,953 followers See all See all following
More Actions Les has a account Les Sulewski Equity Research Associate at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Marist College Greater New York City Area 356 356 connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Equity Research Analysts 20,871 members Marist College 38,862 followers The Family Office Club - #1 Largest Family Office Association | Ultra-Wealthy Wealth Management 126,213 members Larry FinkLarry Fink is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO at BlackRock 550,051 followers NYSSA (The Official Group) 6,005 members Jamie DimonJamie Dimon is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 526,752 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jessica has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Jessica Chipman Director at KLR Group KLR Group, LLC Tulane University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Interests Tulane University 78,936 followers KLR Group, LLC 1,252 followers Zen Hospice Project 613 followers Tulane University 74,922 followers
More Actions Junliang has a account Junliang (Junliang Liu) Liu Equity Research Intern at JGR Capital Partners JGR Capital Partners University of Michigan Greater Detroit Area 89 89 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Office 1 Microsoft Office Jiabin Zhu has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics Statistics No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Stata Stata No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests United Shore 6,066 followers China Renaissance 华兴资本 7,786 followers Accenture 2,761,014 followers China Agricultural University 22,217 followers University of Michigan 368,679 followers McKinsey & Company 1,398,433 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hồng has a account Hồng Thanh -- Vietnam 4 4 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Les has a account Les Sulewski Equity Research Associate at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Marist College Greater New York City Area 356 356 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 15 endorsements for Equity Research 15 Equity Research Endorsed by 8 of Les’ colleagues at Sidoti & Company Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 13 endorsements for Equities 13 Equities Endorsed by 7 of Les’ colleagues at Sidoti & Company Click and drag to reorder skills Trading See 10 endorsements for Trading 10 Trading Endorsed by 2 of Les’ colleagues at Sidoti & Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,595 members Equity Research Analyst Career Opportunities 2,813 members Equity Research Training and Job Search 2,277 members NYSSA (The Official Group) 6,005 members Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members Marist College 38,862 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jessica has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Jessica Chipman Director at KLR Group KLR Group, LLC Tulane University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 31 endorsements for Valuation 31 Valuation Endorsed by David Heikkinen and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jessica’s colleagues at KLR Group, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills Alternative Investments See 9 endorsements for Alternative Investments 9 Alternative Investments Endorsed by 2 of Jessica’s colleagues at Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 20 endorsements for Equities 20 Equities Endorsed by Jaime Gualy, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jessica’s colleagues at KLR Group, LLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Tulane University 74,922 followers Tulane University 78,936 followers KLR Group, LLC 1,252 followers Zen Hospice Project 613 followers
More Actions Junliang has a account Junliang (Junliang Liu) Liu Equity Research Intern at JGR Capital Partners JGR Capital Partners University of Michigan Greater Detroit Area 89 89 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Office 1 Microsoft Office Jiabin Zhu has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics Statistics No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Stata Stata No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Accenture 2,761,013 followers JGR Capital Partners 1,407 followers FTI Consulting 48,606 followers United Shore 6,066 followers McKinsey & Company 1,398,433 followers 中国农业大学 20,462 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Oatman, CFA Energy Investment Banker Simmons & Company International | Energy Specialists of Piper Jaffray Texas A&M University Houston, Texas Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Ryan’s Activity 805 followers Wind and solar in March accounted for 10% of U.S. electricity generation for first time - U.S. EIA Today in Energy Ryan shared this How Blackstone’s CEO Made It Through Wall Street’s Most Turbulent Decade Ryan liked This is a very telling chart for investment generalists - it captures the true MAGNITUDE of the tight oil and gas (primarily shale) boom in the United States. The impact has been significant on everything from consumer inflation (via lower gasoline prices) to currency (reduced trade deficits) to geopolitics (OPEC, Russia, Iran, Iraq, Saudi, Venezuela). When Capitalism works (which is not always), this is what it looks like: Ryan liked As U.S. airlines carry more passengers, jet fuel use remains well below its previous peak - EIA Ryan shared this The secrets of America's highest-income county - Houston Chronicle Ryan shared this Where Refiners Are Allocating Their 2017 Capex Dollars | RBN Energy Ryan shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 22 endorsements for Equity Research 22 Equity Research Endorsed by Phil Skolnick and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ryan’s colleagues at Canaccord Genuity Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 19 endorsements for Financial Modeling 19 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Manav Gupta and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ryan’s colleagues at Canaccord Genuity Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 16 endorsements for Valuation 16 Valuation Endorsed by Manav Gupta and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ryan’s colleagues at Canaccord Genuity Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Hart Energy 4,509 followers Wood Mackenzie 46,329 followers Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,544,983 followers Independent Petroleum Association of America - IPAA 1,611 followers Trinity University 26,962 followers Simmons & Company International® | Energy Specialists of Piper Jaffray® 2,520 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anand has a account Anand Srinivasan Global TMT Sector Head & Senior Technology Analyst, Bloomberg Intelligence Bloomberg LP Iowa State University New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail • Strategy, finance and technology expert proficient in identifying attractive growth opportunities • Seasoned technology sector analyst with seventeen years of research and investment experience • Investment professional with a successful track record • Articulate public speaker and frequent contributor on television and radio See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Anand’s Articles & Activity 1,257 followers Join Bloomberg Intelligence's Technology Webinar - Thursday June 30th at 10 AM EST - http://bit.ly/2947LzL Anand Srinivasan on LinkedIn See 1 more article Join us today at 3 PM EST for a Bloomberg Intelligence Webinar on Private, Public Clouds & Everything In Between - With Special Guest Chandra Ranganathan, Head of Global IT Infrastructure and Cloud Ops @ Symantec - https://lnkd.in/dkY6ukz Anand shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 67 endorsements for Financial Modeling 67 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Mark Sue and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Anand’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 56 endorsements for Portfolio Management 56 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Inder M. Singh and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Anand’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 44 endorsements for Valuation 44 Valuation Endorsed by Vincent G. Piazza, CFA and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Anand’s colleagues at Bloomberg LP Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Patrick Fu (傅維明) Managing Partner & Portfolio Manager at Sequoia Capital Global Equities February 2, 2010, Patrick reported directly to Anand Anand is a great portfolio manager, analyst, mentor and friend. He has the unique talent to combine detailed, bottoms-up analysis without losing sight of the broader picture and the contribution of a stock to overall portfolio construction. He is incredibly generous with his time and advice -- rare in investment management -- and created a collegial and easy environment in which to debate investment ideas. He is an excellent communicator and has deep industry and financial expertise in the TMT space. Anand would be a true asset to any firm. Jake Vukelic Project Manager & Product Development Professional February 11, 2009, Anand worked with Jake in different groups Jake is a diligent and thorough professional. His marketing effort was critical to my product and the quality and integrity of his work is great. Interests Lou AdlerLou Adler is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO, best-selling author, created Performance-based Hiring. Recent book: The Essential Guide for Hiring & Getting Hired 1,124,108 followers Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members Jamie DimonJamie Dimon is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 526,752 followers Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,306 followers Satya NadellaSatya Nadella is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Microsoft 1,403,651 followers Ben HorowitzBen Horowitz is a LinkedIn Influencer Horowitz at Andreessen Horowitz 222,416 followers See all See all following
More Actions Fahad has a account Fahad Rauf Senior Investment Analyst at Insight Securities (Pvt.) Limited Insight Securities (Pvt.) Limited Oxford Brookes University Pakistan 466 466 connections Send InMail Chartered Accountant having more than three years of professional experience in financial services sector of Pakistan. Currently serving as a senior investment analyst at Insight Securities, covering Fertilizer and oil and gas exploration sector. Prior to this I was associated with renowned asset management firms in research and finance roles. Posses sound knowledge of business valuation methods, International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), International Accounting Standards (IAS) and International Standards for Audit (ISA). Key skill areas include: Business Analysis, Equity research, Corporate Finance and Financial Reporting. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 15 endorsements for Finance 15 Finance Endorsed by 5 of Fahad’s colleagues at UBL Fund Managers Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 9 endorsements for Microsoft Office 9 Microsoft Office Endorsed by 3 of Fahad’s colleagues at UBL Fund Managers Click and drag to reorder skills Auditing See 9 endorsements for Auditing 9 Auditing Endorsed by 4 of Fahad’s colleagues at UBL Fund Managers Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Dubai Jobs & Careers | UAE | Middle East [Biggest Group] 277,205 members Cisco 1,460,658 followers Deutsche Bank 567,786 followers Jobs in Middle East Region 2,017 members The Wall Street Journal 2,524,102 followers Qineqt Inc. 16,679 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nikhil has a account Nikhil Gupta Stock Analyst at Seeking Alpha Seeking Alpha Jaypee Institute of Information Technology New Delhi Area, India 85 85 connections Send InMail Professional Financial Analyst whose work on stocks, forex, macroeconomics, Bitcoin, commodities has been published on www.seekingalpha.com, www.newsbtc.com, www.richtopia.com, www.stockinvestingbasics.net and www.stocktradingcenters.com. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Nikhil’s Activity 86 followers Denmark expresses concern over violence in Bangladesh Nikhil shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 2 endorsements for Research 2 Research Óscar Carrascosa Baños and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Technical Analysis See 1 endorsement for Technical Analysis 1 Technical Analysis Prashant Duhoon has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Fundamental Analysis See 1 endorsement for Fundamental Analysis 1 Fundamental Analysis Prashant Duhoon has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 1 more View 1 more skill Interests Morgan Stanley 590,771 followers Jaypee University of Information Technology 14,094 followers Jaypee Institute of Inormation Technology 13,324 followers Trefis 6,776 followers Jaypee University of Information Technology 14,599 followers
More Actions Conor has a account Conor Harnett Senior SME Segment Manager du The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants United Arab Emirates 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail My career objective is to use my proven commercial leadership ability to add value to a forward-thinking organization. Accomplished 10-year career, proven to be adaptable and effective, working in completely different industries and markets. Prior to entering the Telecom market, spent several years in Investment Banking, working for Investec Plc. Worked in roles such as Equity Analyst, Corporate Finance, Institutional Sales, Corporate Segment P&L Owner, Strategic Business Partner and Commercial Marketing. Persuasive and determined leader with a proven track record in achieving positive business results by deploying strategic initiatives across several regions, including Europe and Middle East, developing strategic business alliances, identifying new markets, sales opportunities and developing business processes. Demonstrated the ability to substantially grow company revenues in a declining market, as Corporate Segment Manager in Vodafone Ireland, surpassing budget expectations for 3 consecutive years. In 2015, seconded to lead the Northern Europe revenue recovery program for Vodafone Group. In 2016, headhunted to develop SME Enterprise division for du Qualified as Chartered Management Accountant (CIMA) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Strategy See 14 endorsements for Business Strategy 14 Business Strategy Endorsed by 8 of Conor’s colleagues at Vodafone Click and drag to reorder skills Business Development See 1 endorsement for Business Development 1 Business Development David Hamill has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Financial Planning See 1 endorsement for Strategic Financial Planning 1 Strategic Financial Planning Audrey Curran has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 39 more View 39 more skills Interests Three. 32,697 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Vodafone 846,032 followers IDA Ireland 60,494 followers GAA 8,992 followers The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants 64,731 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Goldsmith Equity Research Associate at UBS UBS Columbia Business School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Two+ years of sell-side equity research experience with a focus on Hardlines/Broadlines retail. Specific sub-sectors include home improvement, dollar stores, mass merchants, auto parts, home furnishings, mattresses, sporting goods, consumer electronics, and office supply. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 20 endorsements for Financial Modeling 20 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Luis Galarza, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Société Générale Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 8 endorsements for Corporate Finance 8 Corporate Finance Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at Toys"R"Us Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 7 endorsements for Financial Analysis 7 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Joseph Wurzburg, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Interests Emory University - Goizueta Business School 21,268 followers Emory University - Goizueta Business School 23,601 followers Columbia Business School 83,293 followers Emory University's Goizueta Business School 14,246 members Columbia Business School Class of 2013 750 members UBS 456,539 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brandon has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Brandon Bingham Equity Research - Oilfield Services Simmons & Company International | Energy Specialists of Piper Jaffray Baylor University Houston, Texas 500+ 500+ connections InMail CFA Level III Candidate Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 8 endorsements for Financial Analysis 8 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Thomas Wilson, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 6 endorsements for Microsoft Office 6 Microsoft Office Joshua Cogar and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 6 endorsements for Finance 6 Finance Joshua Cogar and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Rocky Mountain Benefits Group Inc. 6 followers Baylor University 88,917 followers QEP Resources 11,903 followers Credit Suisse 453,196 followers Financial Analyst Club Worldwide 168,703 members Parsley Energy 7,459 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hồng has a account Hồng Thanh -- Vietnam 4 4 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Nathan has a account Nathan Judge Head of Investor Relations Azure Power Texas Christian University Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 88 88 connections Send InMail 20 years of experience interacting with and educating investors about companies’ fundamentals, strategic direction, background, key drivers, financial results and valuation. Was #1 ranked sell side analyst by European investors. Managed over 1,000 investor roadshow meetings for senior corporate management representing over 100 companies. Provided market intelligence to senior management about investor concerns, feedback on company strategies, industry and financial trends as well as competitor actions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 4 endorsements for Financial Analysis 4 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Nathan’s colleagues at Atlantic Equities Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 4 endorsements for Financial Modeling 4 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Bruce Connery, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Nathan’s colleagues at Atlantic Equities Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 4 endorsements for Investments 4 Investments Endorsed by 2 of Nathan’s colleagues at Atlantic Equities Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Rorrie Mars North American Analyst at Polar Capital August 25, 2016, Nathan worked with Rorrie in the same group I worked with Nathan for seven years at Atlantic Equities where he covered US Utilities. Nathan always had clearly though out and compelling stock recommendations. He is tireless worker while being very engaging and enthusiastic. A pleasure to work with. Edward Lewis Institutional Equity Sales at Atlantic Equities August 24, 2016, Nathan worked with Edward in the same group I worked with Nathan for over 12 years at Cazenove and then Atlantic Equities where he covered the US Utilities sector. His passion for equity research was and remains second to none with Nathan single-minded in his mission to seek out the best ideas for his clients. If that meant working harder than anyone else in the office then so be it! Nathan was highly professional throughout when dealing with clients (a marketing machine) and with companies and I think it's a measure of the high regard that he was held that at one stage Atlantic Equities was hosting senior management roadshows for all the major US utilities through Europe. Finally, what really counts in a day-to-day office environment, he's a real team player and always prepared to go the extra mile. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Bruce Connery Senior Investor Relations Professional with Extensive Experience in Energy August 16, 2016, Bruce was a client of Nathan’s I worked with Bruce for many years and would highly recommend him. He was an invaluable resource that I could rely on for better understanding corporate strategy, modeling, and the many M&A transactions that companies did. He would be an asset to any team. Interests The Piacente Group 485 followers Azure Power 5,550 followers Texas Christian University 61,115 followers Finance Club 1,037,800 members Atlas Search 11,423 followers NeuLion 2,776 followers See all See all following
More Actions Francis has a account Francis Lanctot Investment Analyst, Growth Markets at Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (CDPQ) Université de Sherbrooke Montreal, Canada Area 341 341 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 10 endorsements for Investments 10 Investments Jade Pellerin and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 9 endorsements for Financial Modeling 9 Financial Modeling Jade Pellerin and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 7 endorsements for Corporate Finance 7 Corporate Finance Jade Pellerin and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Bimcor Inc. 527 followers Columbia University in the City of New York 286,883 followers Montrusco Bolton 507 followers Université de Sherbrooke 87,130 followers Canadian Capital Markets Networking 1,270 members CFA Montréal 2,116 members See all See all following
More Actions Ed has a account Ed Groshans Managing Director, At an Anonymous Research Firm Height Analytics Boston University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I have a strong work ethic with ability to work in a team environment and on solo projects. I have managed small groups as a business unit and for projects. I have superb presentation skills and am comfortable presenting to large groups as well as in one on one situations. I have over 20 years of experience in the financial services industry with a strong background in banks, specialty finance, REITs, and mortgage companies. Specialties: Marketing, modeling, industry and company reports. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 33 endorsements for Valuation 33 Valuation Endorsed by Scott Valentin and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ed’s colleagues at Height Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 23 endorsements for Portfolio Management 23 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Barry Cohen and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ed’s colleagues at Height Securities Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 21 endorsements for Investments 21 Investments Endorsed by James Hanna and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ed’s colleagues at Omega Advisors Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Interests Height Securities 342 followers Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members Boston University 266,566 followers Pepperdine Private Capital Markets Project 12,899 members Binghamton University School of Management 10,124 followers Binghamton University School of Management 9,994 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium John Denny-Brown Business Development, Tech industry, at GLG GLG (Gerson Lehrman Group) INSEAD Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Over 10 years strategy & finance experience in the tech and broader TMT sector. Enjoy researching and analyzing industry segments, companies and business models. I got my start working at Motorola up until the Google acquisition; post-MBA I've focused on internet/software at an investment bank and worked in the start-up world. In my current role at GLG I'm biz dev for our tech clients on the west coast. Feel free to message, happy to connect. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow John’s Activity 1,608 followers Head of Enterprise John liked See all activity Experience Business Development Company Name GLG (Gerson Lehrman Group) Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Los Angeles Area Business development, focusing on tech clients on the west coast. GLG is a technology-enabled platform that connects top professionals with experts. We connect our clients to 500,000 Council Members, subject matter experts across every industry, to conduct primary research and inform business decisions. More than 1,400 companies use GLG to help solve complex strategic and operational challenges, test hypotheses, gain market feedback, and seek mentorship, all within our rigorous compliance framework. https://glg.it Founding team member Company Name BK Litec Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Los Angeles Area Recruited by founders to be first outside hire; primary focus is CFO and also Head of Biz Dev/Consumer Product. Leveraging tech industry expertise to launch consumer IoT product (product development, biz dev, marketing). At the end of 2016, transitioned to an advisory role to the CEO/Board.BK Litec leverages its strong LED IP to take on a new approach to IoT proliferation. We are transforming commoditized light sockets into access points for security, media, entertainment, ecommerce and more. BK Litec was founded in 2015 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California, with additional R&D resources in Seoul, Korea. One of the portfolio companies at the Los Angeles cleantech incubator (LACI) at the La Kretz Innovation Campus:http://laincubator.orghttp://bklitec.com Associate, Internet & Software coverage Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed 2013 – 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Equity research, focusing on: (1) evaluating both companies and broader industry trends/landscape, (2) building operating and financial models, (3) determining valuation and (4) communicating insights and investment recommendations to clients (buyside, sales team and traders).Covered Internet & Software companies, including online marketplaces, e-commerce, gaming and various software; lead coverage analyst for 4 stocks: Just Eat, Bwin.Party, Betfair, Paddy Power. Co-covered 12 additional tech stocks, including: Amadeus, SAP, Dassault, Sage and Telecity. IPO experience for Rocket Internet and Windeln.Originally started on the Travel & Leisure (Consumer) team - where I launched BofAML's coverage of the Online Gaming sector in Europe. MBA summer associate Company Name Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 2 mos Location London, United Kingdom Only summer associate selected for BofA Merrill Lynch equity research London office in 2012. Supported Travel & Leisure and Transport teams. Accepted full-time offer at end of summer. Manager, strategy & business development Company Name Motorola Mobility Dates Employed 2004 – 2011 Employment Duration 7 yrs Location Chicago & Philadelphia Various roles, including strategy/business development, FP&A manager and lead financial analyst for mobile devices supply chain during the run-up to the spinoff of Motorola Mobility ('Mobile Devices' and 'Home' business units). In my final year at Motorola, spent my time collaborating with cross-functional teams (product, sales, marketing, R&D finance etc) throughout product development and go-to-market strategy processes for N. America smartphone & tablet portfolio. Built business cases to determine financial/strategic rationale and presented findings to sr. leadership. e.g. key products in development (e.g. Xoom, Droid, ATRIX, RAZR) during the run up to the $12.5bn acquisition by Google.Originally joined Motorola in a post-university rotational program (class of 2004). During internal audit/consulting group rotation, led 3-6 person teams, often coordinating project work across regions; worked in 10 countries and in every business unit across the company. Education INSEAD Degree Name MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Fontainebleau, France & Singapore Indiana University - Kelley School of Business Degree Name BS Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Sigma Chi Ecole Supérieure de Commerce de Rouen Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2002 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Strategy See 18 endorsements for Strategy 18 Strategy Endorsed by Mayer Becker, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of John’s colleagues at Motorola Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 15 endorsements for Financial Modeling 15 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Pathum Dissanayake and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at Motorola Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 12 endorsements for Valuation 12 Valuation Endorsed by Tushar Jain, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Goldsmith Equity Research Associate at UBS UBS Columbia Business School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Two+ years of sell-side equity research experience with a focus on Hardlines/Broadlines retail. Specific sub-sectors include home improvement, dollar stores, mass merchants, auto parts, home furnishings, mattresses, sporting goods, consumer electronics, and office supply. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 20 endorsements for Financial Modeling 20 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Luis Galarza, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at Société Générale Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 8 endorsements for Corporate Finance 8 Corporate Finance Endorsed by 3 of Michael’s colleagues at Toys"R"Us Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 7 endorsements for Financial Analysis 7 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Joseph Wurzburg, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Columbia Business School 74,056 followers UBS 456,539 followers New York Chapter of Emory Alumni 2,707 members Columbia Business School Class of 2013 750 members Deepak Chopra MD (official)Deepak Chopra MD (official) is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chopra Foundation 5,024,522 followers Emory University - Goizueta Business School 23,601 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alberto has a account Alberto Gandolfi Managing Director, Equity Research at Goldman Sachs UBS London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 13 endorsements for Valuation 13 Valuation Endorsed by Geoff Robinson CA FCA MCSI and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Alberto’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 9 endorsements for Equities 9 Equities Endorsed by David Chermont and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Alberto’s colleagues at J.P. Morgan Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 9 endorsements for Financial Modeling 9 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Geoff Robinson CA FCA MCSI, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alberto’s colleagues at UBS Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Monica Martín Ochaita Investor Relations February 25, 2010, Alberto worked with Monica but at different companies Monica is a highly talented and energetic professional. Contagious enthusiasm, industry knowledge and solid presentation skills are her key strengths Interests Harvard Business Review 4,252,603 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,822 followers Solar Energy Network 135,330 members Energy Storage Professionals Networking Group 1,959 members Energy & Utilities Network 247,478 members Linked:Energy (Energy industry expertise) 335,198 members See all See all following
More Actions Nathan has a account Nathan Judge Head of Investor Relations Azure Power Texas Christian University Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 88 88 connections Send InMail 20 years of experience interacting with and educating investors about companies’ fundamentals, strategic direction, background, key drivers, financial results and valuation. Was #1 ranked sell side analyst by European investors. Managed over 1,000 investor roadshow meetings for senior corporate management representing over 100 companies. Provided market intelligence to senior management about investor concerns, feedback on company strategies, industry and financial trends as well as competitor actions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 4 endorsements for Financial Analysis 4 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Nathan’s colleagues at Atlantic Equities Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 4 endorsements for Financial Modeling 4 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Bruce Connery, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Nathan’s colleagues at Atlantic Equities Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 4 endorsements for Investments 4 Investments Endorsed by 2 of Nathan’s colleagues at Atlantic Equities Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Rorrie Mars North American Analyst at Polar Capital August 25, 2016, Nathan worked with Rorrie in the same group I worked with Nathan for seven years at Atlantic Equities where he covered US Utilities. Nathan always had clearly though out and compelling stock recommendations. He is tireless worker while being very engaging and enthusiastic. A pleasure to work with. Edward Lewis Institutional Equity Sales at Atlantic Equities August 24, 2016, Nathan worked with Edward in the same group I worked with Nathan for over 12 years at Cazenove and then Atlantic Equities where he covered the US Utilities sector. His passion for equity research was and remains second to none with Nathan single-minded in his mission to seek out the best ideas for his clients. If that meant working harder than anyone else in the office then so be it! Nathan was highly professional throughout when dealing with clients (a marketing machine) and with companies and I think it's a measure of the high regard that he was held that at one stage Atlantic Equities was hosting senior management roadshows for all the major US utilities through Europe. Finally, what really counts in a day-to-day office environment, he's a real team player and always prepared to go the extra mile. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Bruce Connery Senior Investor Relations Professional with Extensive Experience in Energy August 16, 2016, Bruce was a client of Nathan’s I worked with Bruce for many years and would highly recommend him. He was an invaluable resource that I could rely on for better understanding corporate strategy, modeling, and the many M&A transactions that companies did. He would be an asset to any team. Interests Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC 746 followers Atlas Search 11,423 followers Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members Janney Montgomery Scott LLC 6,808 followers NeuLion 2,776 followers Texas Christian University 61,115 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brandon has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Brandon Bingham Equity Research - Oilfield Services Simmons & Company International | Energy Specialists of Piper Jaffray Baylor University Houston, Texas 500+ 500+ connections InMail CFA Level III Candidate Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 8 endorsements for Financial Analysis 8 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Thomas Wilson, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 6 endorsements for Microsoft Office 6 Microsoft Office Joshua Cogar and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finance See 6 endorsements for Finance 6 Finance Joshua Cogar and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Denbury Resources Inc. 17,427 followers PDC Energy, Inc. 10,068 followers Whiting Petroleum Corporation 22,331 followers Piper Jaffray 17,884 followers Credit Suisse 453,198 followers Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 120,974 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ed has a account Ed Groshans Managing Director, At an Anonymous Research Firm Height Analytics Boston University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I have a strong work ethic with ability to work in a team environment and on solo projects. I have managed small groups as a business unit and for projects. I have superb presentation skills and am comfortable presenting to large groups as well as in one on one situations. I have over 20 years of experience in the financial services industry with a strong background in banks, specialty finance, REITs, and mortgage companies. Specialties: Marketing, modeling, industry and company reports. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Interests Binghamton University School of Management 10,124 followers Treasury Technology Network 44,529 members Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members Boston University 281,126 followers Pepperdine Private Capital Markets Project 12,899 members Boston University 266,566 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ozan has a account Ozan Asim Equity Research Analyst at Fidelity International Fidelity Worldwide Investment Imperial College London London, United Kingdom 395 395 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 18 endorsements for Equity Research 18 Equity Research Endorsed by Kai Korschelt and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Ozan’s colleagues at Fidelity International Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 8 endorsements for Equities 8 Equities Endorsed by Fiorangelo Salvatorelli, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Ozan’s colleagues at Fidelity International Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Valuation See 7 endorsements for Equity Valuation 7 Equity Valuation Neil Madden and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Imperial College London 156,145 followers Wellington College of Education 4,823 followers Wellington College of Education 4,888 followers Imperial College London 141,177 followers Eight Roads 1,362 followers Fidelity International 69,402 followers
More Actions Anthony J. has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Anthony J. D'Asaro Investment Analyst at Jackson Jackson University of California, Berkeley - Walter A. Haas School of Business Chicago, Illinois 500+ 500+ connections InMail Investment professional with 5 years of experience in portfolio strategy & manager due diligence; Real estate investor in Chicago's Logan Square and Northwest Corridor. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Investments See 45 endorsements for Investments 45 Investments Endorsed by Wolfgang G. Kruning and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Anthony J.’s colleagues at Morningstar Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 27 endorsements for Equities 27 Equities Endorsed by 2 of Anthony J.’s colleagues at Morningstar Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 26 endorsements for Financial Analysis 26 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Kevin Hsu and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Anthony J.’s colleagues at Morningstar Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) C.J. Rendic CEO at Parallel Advisors LLC September 20, 2012, C.J. managed Anthony J. directly A.J. interned for Parallel Advisors in the summer of 2012. He was extremely mature and professional for his age and assimilated easily into the daily operations of our firm. A.J. provided us with technical and administrative assistance that added value to the firm. It was a pleasure to work with him due to his passion for investing, depth of knowledge, and pragmatic mindset. He was an asset to Parallel’s Investment Committee and his work had a direct impact on our investment strategy. There is no doubt A.J. is motivated to succeed and was one of the best interns we have hired in our summer internship program. Liz McKinley CEO, Founder, Entrepreneur September 7, 2012, Liz managed Anthony J. directly AJ is probably one of the most highly intelligent young men I have ever met. Quiet, calm, incredibly smart – he just “gets it”. Anthony’s job title was Accounting Clerk but our nickname for his job was “Floater” because he floated around to various departments assisting as needed. He has been a “Floater” and participated as back up for almost every accounting job in our company. His quickness and ability to grasp all facets of the business (even the subtleties which often take years of experience) AJ understands and applies. I have mentored many young people through the years - AJ is special. At one point I asked him to update our corporate webpage, AJ went home and taught himself html code so that he complete the task! I am very interested to see what AJ ultimately ends up doing with his life. I have no doubt that he will accomplish spectacular things. Liz McKinley hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Driehaus Capital Management LLC 4,622 followers Capital Group | American Funds 58,035 followers University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business 46,174 followers University Club of Chicago 1,090 followers Morningstar 62,974 followers UC Berkeley Committee on Student Fees 22 members See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Johnson Investment research Barclays Capital Harvard Law School Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Finance, marketing and strategy background. Focus on turnarounds and distressed companies. Highlights Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Piyush Sharma Co-founder and Portfolio Manager at Metis Capital Management April 25, 2008, Piyush reported directly to Brian I was fortunate to get the opportunity to work with Brian at Sanford Bernstein. Over my last 8 years in the industry, I can think of few individuals who are smart, exhibit great leadership traits and are joyable people to work with. Brian was right at the top of that list. Robert Baldock MD at Clustre - The Innovation Brokers May 8, 2006, Robert managed Brian directly Brian worked for me for a number of years. He demonstrated a very deep understanding of the Financial Services industry and showed an amazing flair for conceiving new and innovative business strategies and models View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Robert Baldock MD at Clustre - The Innovation Brokers May 5, 2006, Brian reported directly to Robert Robert was a brilliant and impactful leader at Accenture. His knowledge of meshing information technology with business needs helped many clients build competitive advantage. He also attracted and mentored a strong group of executives. Interests Mary BarraMary Barra is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at General Motors 552,637 followers Harvard Law School 65,798 followers Fontinalis Partners, LLC 537 followers Harvard Law School 56,149 followers Alex MolinaroliAlex Molinaroli is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer at Johnson Controls 68,907 followers Maryann KellerMaryann Keller is a LinkedIn Influencer Principal at Maryann Keller & Associates LLC 62,473 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alvin has a account Alvin Huang Equity Research Summer Analyst at Credit Suisse Credit Suisse Georgetown University Washington, District Of Columbia 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am currently a rising senior at Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business and I plan on majoring in Finance and OPIM (Operations & Information Management) with a minor in English. I enjoy working with numbers, especially through the lenses of finance and sports. Through my current internship at a private wealth advisory, I've been able to learn about the wealth management industry and work on projects involving client account management and operational efficiency. I always seek to create meaningful relationships with those around me, and I have demonstrated an aptitude for quick learning, leadership and working in teams. In my spare time, I'm a huge NFL/NBA fan and an avid hip-hop listener. Feel free to reach me at ah1153@georgetown.edu with any questions/opportunities. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Customer Service See 7 endorsements for Customer Service 7 Customer Service Seri L. and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 13 endorsements for Leadership 13 Leadership Endorsed by 6 people who know Leadership Click and drag to reorder skills Social Media See 13 endorsements for Social Media 13 Social Media Endorsed by Gianna Pisano, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Don Caruso Talented Sales leader and Operations executive who gets the job done! September 11, 2015, Don managed Alvin directly Alvin was an intern for me this summer and performed above my expectations. Over a 2 month period Alvin performed analysis on our data, heat mapped our top customers and worked on many projects. I was very impressed with his analytical, presentation and communication skills. Over a short period of time I trained Alvin to become a Salesforce.com administrator and trusted him with key projects performed in my organization. Hard working and trustworthy, It is with extreme confidence I would recommend Alvin for any job within an organization. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Kevin O'LearyKevin O&#39;Leary is a LinkedIn Influencer Contributor/Investor at CNBC 729,154 followers Aberdeen Asset Management 45,414 followers Bank of America Merrill Lynch 95,985 followers UBS 456,539 followers BlackRock 335,680 followers Xilinx 74,443 followers See all See all following
More Actions Saurabh has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Saurabh Bardhan Student at K J Somaiya Institute of Management Studies and Research Equity Levers K.J. Somaiya Institute Of Management Studies and Research Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Saurabh’s Activity 521 followers SBI keen to take card arm public over the medium term Saurabh liked Shatabdi Express reached Pune right at 0030 hrs having got about an hour late that day sometime in May 2016. I came out of station and took an Auto Rickshaw. Out of habit, I started a small talk with the Driver: "What time do you go home? it's already 00.45 a.m?"I asked him. "Sir , I will return about 0400(a.m.) in the morning. " " Why do you drive in the night?" "Sir during the day I work in a company as a helper." "What are the timings? " "Sir, 0900 to 0600 p.m." " When do you rest?" "Sir I sleep from 0415 to 0730 a.m. & then from 07.30 p.m. till 10.30 p.m. after taking dinner early. And start auto-rickshaw by 11.00 p.m." " But then why so much effort?" "Sir, I have a son and a daughter. I want them to go to good schools and educate them well so that they will do better. Oh, the fees nowadays! So I have to do it; for them. In the night I earn more. That too is the reason, sir." "God bless you and your children!!"I said . I was wondering about all the talk on Work-Life Balance. Do you think a session on W/L balance would have helped him? He didn't need it. He was happy with his eyes set on his goal, all fired-up. Oh, how contextual everything is! Particularly W/L Balance. RS ( I have edited the post as I found leaving it open-ended meant failing to reach out properly.) Saurabh liked Is the BSE Sensex really overvalued? Saurabh shared this What should a financial model for solar look like? For me the first word that comes to mind when I think of solar is not renewable, not energy, not even returns. The word I associate foremost with solar is “simple”. Think about it, it’s the only form of electricity generation that doesn’t involve any moving parts (at least in its most basic form). I love peeling away layers and simplifying any thought, analysis or process. So I’m bemused when I see overly complicated financial analyses for solar. And I cringe when I see a financial analysis for solar shoehorned into a financial model for thermal. Not sure where this complication stems from but give me a relevant, easy to understand and actionable analysis any day. Introducing unrequired or thermal inspired complexity into the mix is just a giant diversionary smokescreen. There are only a handful of variables that are material for flexing to determine the shape and position of the returns curve for solar. And note that understanding this returns curve is key in a reverse auction situation (India), far more than in the case of FiT (pretty much RoW). Watch this space for a more detailed piece with my views on “Solar Financial Modeling” in the coming weeks following my recent Two Part series on “India Solar Tariffs”. Saurabh liked Me and my friend decided to travel in 'Auto' for a change. In an Auto Stand, we told an auto driver where we want to reach. He claimed 120 rupees for the same. We said, the place is very near by and he can come for 80 rupees. The first driver rejected our offer and the second one was adamant on 90 rupees. The third one in the Q agreed for 80 rupees. After getting into the auto, I asked him, 'Others are particular on their rates but you instantly agreed for our rate?'. He said, 'The auto stand gets very less customers because of Ola, Uber kind of services. I can't over rule before they both say No. The moment they said no, I grabbed the opportunity. These drivers will wait for hours together to get their 120 rupees. But I have now come for 80 rupees and while return, I will again find customer for another 80 rupees. So I will earn more than those stubborn drivers. Also what i negotiated with you can be adjusted with another customer. I will keep myself busy, at the same time flexible with customers and earn what I want. While getting down, I shake hands with the Management Guru in the Kakhi Uniform. Saurabh liked "What's your company's vision for the next 5 years?" Every time a potential employee or a new client or even some angels asks this question, I have to explain this to them: A vision is a long term plan. Any company goes through the famous 'J' curve when it starts off. You start low, dabble with ideas and go still lower along the J curve. You quickly morph and experiment with your services, throw beta versions and agile MVPs into the market, set up a voracious customer feedback loop in place and then figure out the correct revenue and market fit. It is AFTER all of this that you can plausibly have a concrete long term vision. Anything before that cannot really be termed as a 'vision'. Those are necessary short term tasks that you, along with your team, follow in order to GET a vision. Saurabh liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 6 endorsements for Financial Analysis 6 Financial Analysis Yuvaraj Pawar and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 5 endorsements for Equities 5 Equities Yuvaraj Pawar and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Derivatives See 3 endorsements for Derivatives 3 Derivatives Vishesh Pillai and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jayanti Asthana GE Capital & SBI Card | Product & Co-Brand Marketing June 16, 2017, Jayanti and Saurabh were students together Saurabh is an adept young leader and a highly focused individual possessing brilliant Analytical and Quantitative skills.We have worked in various projects amd B School & Corporate Case Study Competitions together.His quest for knowledge is stimulating.Has been demanding to all the practical limits and his passion to deliver engagements is seamless.I appreciate his intuition and proactive attitude, which is best suited for Financial Services Sector.It was great to work with him. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 254,724 followers Business Insider 2,757,132 followers Strategic & Management Consultants 28,661 members HSBC 1,029,059 followers Nomura 85,000 followers Narendra ModiNarendra Modi is a LinkedIn Influencer Prime Minister of India 2,176,025 followers See all See all following
More Actions Khuong has a account Khuong Chau Operations Manager Freedom Australia CATC Design School Sydney, Australia 45 45 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Mayur has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Mayur Agarwal Experience in Project/Corporate Finance, Investment Analysis, Credit Analysis, within Infrastructure, Energy & Power ICICI Bank N.L. Dalmia Institute of Management Studies & Research Toronto, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail A passionate and articulate CFA Level 2 with over eight years of experience in Project Finance, Mergers & Acquisitions, Credit and Investment Analysis. Expertise in detailed due diligence, project/credit appraisals and documentation for project finance / M&A / Investment transactions including evaluations and global acquisition opportunities. Excellent financial modeling and analytical skills gained through successful investment research with an ability to deliver comprehensive communication and client management skills. Currently looking for suitable opportunity in the Greater Toronto Area. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 25 endorsements for Financial Modeling 25 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Dennis Foo and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mayur’s colleagues at TATA Power Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 9 endorsements for Valuation 9 Valuation Endorsed by Dennis Foo, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mayur’s colleagues at TATA Power Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance See 9 endorsements for Corporate Finance 9 Corporate Finance Endorsed by Dennis Foo and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Interests Empower Energies, Inc. 534 followers MENA Private Equity 9,404 members Oil and Gas Jobs ASIA Singapore Australia Malaysia Indonesia Vietnam Russia China Gulf Dubai Qatar 58,107 members HeadHonchos.com 508,370 followers Aon 145,516 followers PKC Advisory 4,875 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ted has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Ted Tabasso Head of Sales / Chief Operating Officer Zelman & Associates University of San Diego Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Capital Markets See 66 endorsements for Capital Markets 66 Capital Markets Endorsed by John Molinelli and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Ted’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 60 endorsements for Hedge Funds 60 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Ted O'Connor and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Ted’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 53 endorsements for Equities 53 Equities Endorsed by Ted O'Connor and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Ted’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Great Wolf Lodge 6,782 followers J. Goldman & Co., L.P. 4,511 followers Hedge Fund Professionals Worldwide Network 29,662 members University of Delaware 127,747 followers Chief Information Officer (CIO) Network - The Group for CIOs 231,193 members Ted LeonsisTed Leonsis is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chairman, CEO, Monumental Sports & Entertainment; Co-Founder, Revolution Growth 56,504 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Johnson Investment research Barclays Capital Harvard Law School Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Finance, marketing and strategy background. Focus on turnarounds and distressed companies. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Strategy See 19 endorsements for Business Strategy 19 Business Strategy Endorsed by Bruce Bendix, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Brian’s colleagues at Accenture Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 14 endorsements for Strategy 14 Strategy Endorsed by Dan Elron and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Brian’s colleagues at Accenture Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 11 endorsements for Management 11 Management Endorsed by Mike Koshev, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brian’s colleagues at Accenture Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Piyush Sharma Co-founder and Portfolio Manager at Metis Capital Management April 25, 2008, Piyush reported directly to Brian I was fortunate to get the opportunity to work with Brian at Sanford Bernstein. Over my last 8 years in the industry, I can think of few individuals who are smart, exhibit great leadership traits and are joyable people to work with. Brian was right at the top of that list. Robert Baldock MD at Clustre - The Innovation Brokers May 8, 2006, Robert managed Brian directly Brian worked for me for a number of years. He demonstrated a very deep understanding of the Financial Services industry and showed an amazing flair for conceiving new and innovative business strategies and models View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Robert Baldock MD at Clustre - The Innovation Brokers May 5, 2006, Brian reported directly to Robert Robert was a brilliant and impactful leader at Accenture. His knowledge of meshing information technology with business needs helped many clients build competitive advantage. He also attracted and mentored a strong group of executives. Interests Private Equity, M&A, and Venture Capital Investments 323,292 members Portfolio Managers, Research, Capital Markets & Consulting Professionals 23,867 members Adam GrantAdam Grant is a LinkedIn Influencer Author: GIVE AND TAKE, ORIGINALS, OPTION B; Wharton professor; NYT writer 1,428,746 followers Stanford University 374,332 followers Harvard Law School 65,798 followers Alex MolinaroliAlex Molinaroli is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer at Johnson Controls 68,907 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alvin has a account Alvin Huang Equity Research Summer Analyst at Credit Suisse Credit Suisse Georgetown University Washington, District Of Columbia 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail I am currently a rising senior at Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business and I plan on majoring in Finance and OPIM (Operations & Information Management) with a minor in English. I enjoy working with numbers, especially through the lenses of finance and sports. Through my current internship at a private wealth advisory, I've been able to learn about the wealth management industry and work on projects involving client account management and operational efficiency. I always seek to create meaningful relationships with those around me, and I have demonstrated an aptitude for quick learning, leadership and working in teams. In my spare time, I'm a huge NFL/NBA fan and an avid hip-hop listener. Feel free to reach me at ah1153@georgetown.edu with any questions/opportunities. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Interests Google 4,935,234 followers PwC 1,355,230 followers Janus Henderson U.S. 17,652 followers Apple 3,466,326 followers KKR & Co. L.P. 60,188 followers Invesco US 56,797 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael David Partner at Partners Private Equity LLC Partners Private Equity LLC University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area 127 127 connections Send InMail Mike David is a Partner of Partners Private Equity LLC (PPE). Partners Private Equity is focused on acquisitions of established lower middle market businesses in sectors such as manufacturing, value added distribution and business services. In general we want to invest in companies that we can visit in a day trip by either road or air. We are primarily focused on middle market buyout transactions but will also pursue opportunistic special situations opportunities in unique circumstances. Transaction types include leveraged buyouts, corporate carve-outs, restructurings and selective minority investments. In general, our goal in any of these transaction types is to acquire an ownership stake in a viable, established business at a fair valuation. Prior to joining PPE, Mr. David was the founder and Managing Partner of Endurance Capital Advisors, LLC, an Akron, Ohio-based investment firm focused on publicly-traded small capitalization companies. Mr. David was responsible for all aspects of fund management, including capital raising, investment due diligence and selection, and portfolio management. Mr. David previously was Senior Vice President of CapitalWorks, LLC, a Cleveland, Ohio-based private equity firm specializing in middle market buyout transactions. At CapitalWorks, Mr. David was responsible for investment analysis, due diligence, portfolio management and performance reporting. Mr. David also led the firms’ efforts in starting and managing a long/short hedge fund. Mr. David’s career prior to CapitalWorks included managing the investment office for a high net worth family, Vice President of Finance & Accounting for a big-box sporting goods retail chain and Vice President of Quad-C, Inc., a private equity fund based in Charlottesville, VA. Mr. David received his BBA from Kent State University and his MBA from The University of Michigan. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Private Equity See 4 endorsements for Private Equity 4 Private Equity Endorsed by Brendan Anderson, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 4 endorsements for Investments 4 Investments James P Bentley and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Buyouts See 3 endorsements for Buyouts 3 Buyouts Matthew David and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Interests Kent State University 154,283 followers Kent State University 149,008 followers University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business 52,724 followers University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business 51,068 followers
More Actions Ted has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Ted Tabasso Head of Sales / Chief Operating Officer Zelman & Associates University of San Diego Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Capital Markets See 66 endorsements for Capital Markets 66 Capital Markets Endorsed by John Molinelli and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Ted’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Hedge Funds See 60 endorsements for Hedge Funds 60 Hedge Funds Endorsed by Ted O'Connor and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Ted’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 53 endorsements for Equities 53 Equities Endorsed by Ted O'Connor and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Ted’s colleagues at Deutsche Bank Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Credit Suisse Group (Credit Suisse Bank Network, Credit Suisse Alumni, CS Alumni, CS Group, CSFB) 12,167 members Friends of the New York Hedge Fund Roundtable 501 members The Family Office Club - #1 Largest Family Office Association | Ultra-Wealthy Wealth Management 126,213 members DB Alumni Group (Unofficial) 9,694 members Surveyor Capital 747 followers University of Delaware 123,851 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tomi has a account Tomi Filipič ART | DTP | GFX | CGI | CAD komposit Electrotechnical school Slovenia 114 114 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Tomi’s Activity 113 followers Panasonic, official supplier of Tara Expeditions Tomi liked Having a sustainable mobile device strategy isn't just about protecting your technology budget, you should be considering the environment AND your bottom line. https://lnkd.in/gahJGGt Tomi liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Graphic Design See 12 endorsements for Graphic Design 12 Graphic Design Denis Đalapa and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Inkscape See 4 endorsements for Inkscape 4 Inkscape Miran Loncaric and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills GIMP See 4 endorsements for GIMP 4 GIMP Simon Kojc and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Designers Talk: Graphic, web, digital design and creative professionals group 207,295 members Blue Lagoon Iceland 478 followers Diorama Projects 11 followers InDesign Users 14,639 members Toughbook Benelux 104 followers Eesti Disaini Maja / Estonian Design House 53 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sam has a account Sam Poser Managing Director Susquehanna International Group, LLP (SIG) Pitzer College Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Sam’s Activity 2,176 followers Disney Lines Up ‘Cars 3’ ‘Fashion Pit Stop’ Pop-up With Sportie LA Sam commented See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 13 endorsements for Analysis 13 Analysis John Scott and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Brandon Strahl Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Sandpiper Of California/ Piper Gear USA October 26, 2008, Sam worked with Brandon in different groups Brandon has excellent knowledge of the footwear industry, specifically the athletic and fashion athletic businesses, He has deep understanding of trends, sales, sourcing and business marketing and mangement Kevin Long Supply chain/operations & process improvement SME October 26, 2008, Sam worked with Kevin in different groups Kevin has much knowledge about logistics systems and how they interact with the merchandising systems. He is very easy to work with, and has a strong sense of urgency. Interests Sporting Goods Intelligence 15,910 members Modell's Sporting Goods 6,844 followers Footwear Industry 42,606 members Washington University in St. Louis 109,073 followers Retail Industry Professionals Group 615,623 members Textile, Apparel, Footwear & Fashion - Sales Marketing Sourcing Retail Jobs Media Events HR Textiles 227,382 members See all See all following
More Actions Christopher has a account Christopher Moore Equity Analyst at Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments University of Oxford - Said Business School London, United Kingdom 236 236 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Amit Kumar has a account Amit Kumar Yadav, CFA,CIPM Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Deutsche Bank Keller Graduate School of Management of DeVry University New York, New York 141 141 connections Send InMail Lead Business Analyst ,Fixed Income Securities Also a yoga practitioner at Pure Yoga in New York. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Amit Kumar’s Activity 141 followers Programme Manager and Senior Research Associates for Cleaner Brick Production Programme Amit Kumar liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 6 endorsements for Business Analysis 6 Business Analysis Nivit Yadav and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Interests Keller Graduate School of Management of DeVry University 69,954 followers Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur 49,912 followers Populus Group H-1B / Green Card Services 1,066 members Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur 42,906 followers Mohamed El-ErianMohamed El-Erian is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz; 1,284,823 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,943,563 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bree has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Bree Sterne MBA Candidate at The Wharton School TPG Global University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 6 endorsements for Financial Modeling 6 Financial Modeling Endorsed by John Bay, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 3 endorsements for Valuation 3 Valuation John Bay, CFA and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg See 2 endorsements for Bloomberg 2 Bloomberg Endorsed by John Bay, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests The Wharton School 185,686 followers Harvard University 607,449 followers Circle of Women Alumni 52 members TPG Global 36,095 followers Behalf 4,652 followers Wharton Leadership Venture Fellow Alumni 126 members See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Chin Stock Analyst at Citigroup Citigroup Duke University Greater New York City Area 1 1 connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Duke University 140,493 followers University of California, Berkeley 524,473 followers Duke University 150,787 followers University of California, Berkeley 499,166 followers Citi 1,270,372 followers
More Actions Saurabh has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Saurabh Bardhan Student at K J Somaiya Institute of Management Studies and Research Equity Levers K.J. Somaiya Institute Of Management Studies and Research Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Saurabh’s Activity 521 followers SBI keen to take card arm public over the medium term Saurabh liked Shatabdi Express reached Pune right at 0030 hrs having got about an hour late that day sometime in May 2016. I came out of station and took an Auto Rickshaw. Out of habit, I started a small talk with the Driver: "What time do you go home? it's already 00.45 a.m?"I asked him. "Sir , I will return about 0400(a.m.) in the morning. " " Why do you drive in the night?" "Sir during the day I work in a company as a helper." "What are the timings? " "Sir, 0900 to 0600 p.m." " When do you rest?" "Sir I sleep from 0415 to 0730 a.m. & then from 07.30 p.m. till 10.30 p.m. after taking dinner early. And start auto-rickshaw by 11.00 p.m." " But then why so much effort?" "Sir, I have a son and a daughter. I want them to go to good schools and educate them well so that they will do better. Oh, the fees nowadays! So I have to do it; for them. In the night I earn more. That too is the reason, sir." "God bless you and your children!!"I said . I was wondering about all the talk on Work-Life Balance. Do you think a session on W/L balance would have helped him? He didn't need it. He was happy with his eyes set on his goal, all fired-up. Oh, how contextual everything is! Particularly W/L Balance. RS ( I have edited the post as I found leaving it open-ended meant failing to reach out properly.) Saurabh liked Is the BSE Sensex really overvalued? Saurabh shared this What should a financial model for solar look like? For me the first word that comes to mind when I think of solar is not renewable, not energy, not even returns. The word I associate foremost with solar is “simple”. Think about it, it’s the only form of electricity generation that doesn’t involve any moving parts (at least in its most basic form). I love peeling away layers and simplifying any thought, analysis or process. So I’m bemused when I see overly complicated financial analyses for solar. And I cringe when I see a financial analysis for solar shoehorned into a financial model for thermal. Not sure where this complication stems from but give me a relevant, easy to understand and actionable analysis any day. Introducing unrequired or thermal inspired complexity into the mix is just a giant diversionary smokescreen. There are only a handful of variables that are material for flexing to determine the shape and position of the returns curve for solar. And note that understanding this returns curve is key in a reverse auction situation (India), far more than in the case of FiT (pretty much RoW). Watch this space for a more detailed piece with my views on “Solar Financial Modeling” in the coming weeks following my recent Two Part series on “India Solar Tariffs”. Saurabh liked Me and my friend decided to travel in 'Auto' for a change. In an Auto Stand, we told an auto driver where we want to reach. He claimed 120 rupees for the same. We said, the place is very near by and he can come for 80 rupees. The first driver rejected our offer and the second one was adamant on 90 rupees. The third one in the Q agreed for 80 rupees. After getting into the auto, I asked him, 'Others are particular on their rates but you instantly agreed for our rate?'. He said, 'The auto stand gets very less customers because of Ola, Uber kind of services. I can't over rule before they both say No. The moment they said no, I grabbed the opportunity. These drivers will wait for hours together to get their 120 rupees. But I have now come for 80 rupees and while return, I will again find customer for another 80 rupees. So I will earn more than those stubborn drivers. Also what i negotiated with you can be adjusted with another customer. I will keep myself busy, at the same time flexible with customers and earn what I want. While getting down, I shake hands with the Management Guru in the Kakhi Uniform. Saurabh liked "What's your company's vision for the next 5 years?" Every time a potential employee or a new client or even some angels asks this question, I have to explain this to them: A vision is a long term plan. Any company goes through the famous 'J' curve when it starts off. You start low, dabble with ideas and go still lower along the J curve. You quickly morph and experiment with your services, throw beta versions and agile MVPs into the market, set up a voracious customer feedback loop in place and then figure out the correct revenue and market fit. It is AFTER all of this that you can plausibly have a concrete long term vision. Anything before that cannot really be termed as a 'vision'. Those are necessary short term tasks that you, along with your team, follow in order to GET a vision. Saurabh liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 6 endorsements for Financial Analysis 6 Financial Analysis Yuvaraj Pawar and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 5 endorsements for Equities 5 Equities Yuvaraj Pawar and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Derivatives See 3 endorsements for Derivatives 3 Derivatives Vishesh Pillai and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jayanti Asthana GE Capital & SBI Card | Product & Co-Brand Marketing June 16, 2017, Jayanti and Saurabh were students together Saurabh is an adept young leader and a highly focused individual possessing brilliant Analytical and Quantitative skills.We have worked in various projects amd B School & Corporate Case Study Competitions together.His quest for knowledge is stimulating.Has been demanding to all the practical limits and his passion to deliver engagements is seamless.I appreciate his intuition and proactive attitude, which is best suited for Financial Services Sector.It was great to work with him. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Artha Venture Services 959 followers Finance Plus: Private Equity, Venture Capital and M&A news 570,595 members EY 1,747,050 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,524,128 followers UBS 456,540 followers Nomura 85,001 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ziqi has a account Ziqi Yan Msc, Financial Engineering BOC International Carnegie Mellon University - Tepper School of Business Pudongxin District, Shanghai, China 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Yan Ziqi is currently MSc Financial Engineering participant at Nanyang Business School. He has diverse experiences in sell-side and buy-side equity research, quantitative trading and risk management. He has been the co-founder and CEO of Liulan China invest corporation, which focuses on investment activities in education projects. Ziqi attained double bachelor degrees in International Business and Finance at Zhongnan University of Economics and Law. He had published articles related to Venture Capital and QDII risk management in China’s academic periodicals. On his personal front, Ziqi played football at University level and is an avid supporter of Arsenal Football Club. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements C++ See 13 endorsements for C++ 13 C++ Endorsed by Ting Yue Liow, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills R See 12 endorsements for R 12 R Xiao Zhang and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills VBA See 8 endorsements for VBA 8 VBA Jiajing Chen and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Dong Wu MSc, Finance August 1, 2016, Dong and Ziqi were students together I have studied with Yan for 4 years at Zhongnan University of Economics and Law, collaborating closely on several academic and business project teams. Yan’s ability to juggle multiple projects was unlike any I’ve seen before and made a dramatic difference in the productivity level of our team. He would be a valuable asset to any team. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Sequoia Capital China 11,399 followers Banco Santander 391,777 followers Deutsche Bank 567,788 followers 中银国际证券有限责任公司 407 followers IDG Ventures India 2,668 followers Founder Securities Co., Ltd. 1,079 followers See all See all following
More Actions Philip has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Philip Van Deusen Former Director of Research at Tigress Financial Partners Tigress Financial Partners New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 326 326 connections InMail See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Philip’s Activity 326 followers Demand, not supply, is the great unknown for lithium and cobalt: Andy Home Philip liked Apollo Management is seeking a junior Project Manager with HR and/or Diversity/Inclusion experience to work with the Apollo Veterans Initiative team. This role would be full time and the individual would work out of the Midtown NYC office. A military background is highly desired due to the subject matter expertise required. Approximately 3 years of work experience or relevant military experience is required. I can provide further details to individuals who may be strong candidates. #HRprojectmanager #Military #MilitarySpouse #Veterans #Hiring Philip liked Legendary Investor Jim Rogers Warns That The Worst Stock Market Crash In Your Lifetime Is Coming 'This Year Or Next' Philip liked a comment See all activity Experience Director of Equity Research Company Name Tigress Financial Partners Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Member FINRA/MSRB/SIPC Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Tigress Financial Partners Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Member FINRA/MSRB/SIPC Equity Research Analyst Company Name Momentum Trading Partners, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2008 – May 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location New York Junior Equity Trader for Institutional Equity Desk Company Name GFI Group Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location New York Education New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Corporate Finance, Strategy, Leadership & Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2018 Activities and Societies: Stern Investment Management & Research Society, Graduate Finance Association, Stern Private Equity Club State University of New York at Stony Brook Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study History Grade 3.96 Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Selected as a candidate for the Fullbright Scholarship (5/03), Phi Alpha Theta (Int’l Honor Society in History), Certificate of Undergraduate Excellence and Achievement, Dean’s List (Fall 01-Spring 03) Volunteer Experience Longhouse Reserve Junior Comittee Company Name Longhouse Reserve Dates volunteered Jun 2010 – Present Volunteer duration 7 yrs 1 mo Event Coordinator Company Name Project Sunshine Dates volunteered Jan 2006 – Jan 2008 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 15 endorsements for Financial Analysis 15 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Jean Ergas and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Philip’s colleagues at Tigress Financial Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg Terminal See 11 endorsements for Bloomberg Terminal 11 Bloomberg Terminal Endorsed by 3 of Philip’s colleagues at Tigress Financial Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 10 endorsements for Financial Modeling 10 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 4 of Philip’s colleagues at Tigress Financial Partners Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Philip has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Series 16 Series 55 Series 63 Series 7 Series 86 Series 87 Interests Illumina 94,689 followers GRAIL, Inc. 4,801 followers NYU Stern School of Business 100,904 followers Stony Brook University 111,853 followers Locke Careers, Inc. 8,976 followers Terramark DataCenters 520 followers See all See all following
More Actions Arum has a account Arum Kempster International Relations and Politics Graduate Journal of Inquiries University of Oxford London, Greater London, United Kingdom 261 261 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Arum’s Activity 261 followers UCL - London's Global University Arum liked Privilege to host again the Civil Service Summer Diversity Internship Programme for diverse and talented university students - our largest ever, with over 350 offers made. The opening reception is at the wonderful Durbar Court. Arum liked Major parties across Europe have selected Members to be representatives at the European Union's Parliament Summer Conference in Brussels ! I have been selected to be 1 of the representatives from the United Kingdom. This 3 day conference at the end of June, will be a chance for me to have talks with other representatives from European Union countries discussing a liberal and democratic stance to politics and our future relationship with Europe!!! Arum shared this See all activity Experience Editor, Politics Company Name Journal of Inquiries Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location London, United Kingdom Customer Care Executive Company Name HelloFresh Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location London, Greater London, United Kingdom Delegate of the United Kingdom Company Name International Federation Of Liberal Youth Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Jun 2017 Employment Duration 1 mo Location European Parliament, Brussels Capital Region, Belgium 3 days conference as a representative of the United Kingdom to represent the views of the liberal youth at the European Parliament. Researcher Company Name A.C.Grayling Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location London, United Kingdom Policy and Analysis Summer Intern Company Name UK Ministry of Defence Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location London, United Kingdom See more positions Education University of Oxford Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study English Local History Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2019 Unconditional offer to start in October 2017 New College of the Humanities Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study International Relations and Affairs Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2017 Cheltenham Ladies College Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2014 Activities and Societies: A head prefect, Head of Model United Nations society, Head of Politics society, Politics Representative, Athletics, Squash, Hockey and Rounders team. Volunteer Experience Community Volunteer Company Name Battledown Animal Shelter Dates volunteered Jun 2013 – Apr 2014 Volunteer duration 11 mos Cause Animal Welfare Volunteer at battledown animal shelter. Volunteer Teacher Company Name Battledown School Dates volunteered Sep 2013 – Jun 2014 Volunteer duration 10 mos Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Arum has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Fast Track Award Exhibition Scholarship NCH Beale Scholarship -Cheltenham Ladies College Best Chair, Beale Debating Competition. Arum has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Korean Spanish Arum has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Financial Trading Diploma Digital Marketing Diploma Interests The Economist 4,117,003 followers Liz RyanLiz Ryan is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO, Human Workplace; Author, "Reinvention Roadmap" 2,247,030 followers BBC News 2,349,412 followers QA Media Limited 230 followers New College of the Humanities 668 followers Pride in London 631 followers See all See all following
More Actions Shujin has a account Shujin Chen Equity Research Analyst (H-share financial) at HuaTai Securities HuaTai Securities Co.,Ltd. Fudan University Hong Kong 383 383 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Director Company Name HuaTai Securities Co.,Ltd. Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Hong Kong Equity ResearchHead of H-share financial sector Research Director Company Name DBS Vickers Securities Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Hong Kong Equity ResearchHead of China/HK financial sector AVP Company Name Barclays Capital Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Hong Kong Equity Research, China, HK, Singapore banking sector Senior Analyst Company Name Accenture Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Shanghai City, China Assisted senior analyst in Deutche Bank to draft report on China/HK insurance companies and diversified financial institutions Analyst Company Name IMC Pan Asia(China) Management Co., Ltd. Dates Employed 2008 – 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr Direct investment department See more positions Education Fudan University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Vice President, Astronomy Association University at Buffalo School of Management, The State University of New York Degree Name MS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 Financial engineering track Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests DBS Vickers Securities 3,800 followers Consumer and Investment Banking Asian Professionals 701 members Fudan University 106,722 followers 复旦大学 101,992 followers Finance Club 1,037,800 members University at Buffalo School of Management, The State University of New York 24,302 followers See all See all following
More Actions Amit Kumar has a account Amit Kumar Yadav, CFA,CIPM Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Deutsche Bank Keller Graduate School of Management of DeVry University New York, New York 141 141 connections Send InMail Lead Business Analyst ,Fixed Income Securities Also a yoga practitioner at Pure Yoga in New York. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Amit Kumar’s Activity 141 followers Programme Manager and Senior Research Associates for Cleaner Brick Production Programme Amit Kumar liked See all activity Experience Business Analyst Company Name Deutsche Bank Dates Employed May 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Business Analyst Company Name Oracle Financial Services (Jersey) Ltd Dates Employed Apr 2003 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Education Keller Graduate School of Management of DeVry University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Finance, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2013 Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Mercy Memorial School Field Of Study Mathematics and Computer Science Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Analysis See 6 endorsements for Business Analysis 6 Business Analysis Nivit Yadav and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Nathan Ronen, CFA CFA Lead Instructor at NYSSA August 10, 2016, Amit Kumar was a client of Nathan’s Hi Nathan,Just wanted to say thanks for all the helping in clearing the CFA Level 3 exam. The structure you provided to the course material really helped us track our strength and weakness in various material and eventually helping us improve.Could not stress the benefit of two workshop near the end which not only gave the required confidence but also introduced us to various types of questions in terms of difficulty and wording.The whole classroom package along with video option made the learning smooth and interesting.In the end it is definitely possible to clear the exam in first exam, if students just follow your instructions of taking 10 practice exam , and keep the momentum till the end.One again , thanks. Accomplishments Amit Kumar has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Certificate in Investment Performance Measurement (CIPM) Bluemix Essentials Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Amit Kumar has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Interests Deutsche Bank Asia-Pacific Networking Group 3,794 members Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,446,084 followers Genpact Headstrong Capital Markets 53,346 followers Keller Graduate School of Management 67,456 followers Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur 42,906 followers Populus Group H-1B / Green Card Services 1,066 members See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Wheeler US bank analyst at Atlantic Equities Atlantic Equities Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail A veteran of the City of London, who has worked in or around the bank sector for over 36 years.Has a deep knowledge of the global bank sector which is shared with investors and a broader audience through media appearances. On Twitter @Talkingbraces Selected media appearances: http://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2016-02-09/banks-feel-book-value-pressure-from-balance-sheets http://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2015-05-20/bank-sanctions-feel-like-slap-on-the-wrists-wheeler http://www.bloomberg.com/video/bnp-paribas-s-reputation-needs-rebuilding-wheeler-zkwLH1iMQoGENP6SJamWzQ.html http://www.bloomberg.com/video/ubs-investment-bank-spinoff-in-2017-wheeler-says-fBigDXdDTgKLEFis7cejRA.html http://video.cnbc.com/gallery/?video=3000160079 http://www.bloomberg.com/video/wheeler-kitchen-sink-quarter-for-deutsche-bank-I~Zg5Y5QSGepGWn7v1tmng.html http://www.bloomberg.com/video/a-tough-turnaround-for-morgan-stanley-1eo2d7UmR5S9bPjzl3ILcQ.html See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience US bank analyst Company Name Atlantic Equities Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location City of London Following the large US banks (JPM, C, WFC, BAC, GS, MS, PNC, USB, FRC and AXP), while keeping an eye on the global investment banking and wealth management industries.Atlantic Equities is a US equity research house based in London and serving European clients. It was formed in September 2003 by an established team from Cazenove. Director Company Name Mediobanca Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location London SW1 Prime responsibility for following the US and European investment banks in addition to the UK banks. Coverage includes Deutsche Bank, Credit Suisse, UBS, Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase, Morgan Stanley, HSBC, Standard Chartered, Lloyds Banking Group, Royal Bank of Scotland and Barclays. Research Analyst Banks Company Name MainFirst Bank AG Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location London W1 Following the European Investment Banks and Wealth Managers and running the bank equity research team. Personal coverage of UBS, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Julius Baer, EFG Inbternational, Partners Group and GAM Holding . Senior Managing Director Company Name Bear Stearns Dates Employed Sep 2004 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Canary Wharf Head of European Bank Equity Research, personally covering UBS, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Commerzbank, Deutsche Postbank, Erste Bank, Raiffiesen International and ABN AMRO Managing Director Company Name Fox-Pitt, Kelton Dates Employed Apr 1998 – Aug 2004 Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Held various positions including Head of European ECM, Head of European and Asian Corporate Finance and Head of Equities See more positions Education Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales Degree Name FCA Dates attended or expected graduation 1972 – 1977 East Barnet Grammar School Dates attended or expected graduation 1965 – 1972 Featured Skills & Endorsements Investment Banking See 33 endorsements for Investment Banking 33 Investment Banking Endorsed by Carlos Holtermueller and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Chris’ colleagues at Mediobanca Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 26 endorsements for Equities 26 Equities Endorsed by Ivan Simetovic and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Chris’ colleagues at Mediobanca Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 21 endorsements for Equity Research 21 Equity Research Endorsed by Roger Hirst, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Chris’ colleagues at Mediobanca Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Andrea Piantino Operation Director at Mediobanca November 17, 2014, Andrea worked with Chris in the same group Andrea is a very effective Operations Manager. He remains calm in the frenetic world of investment banking and always gets the job done...even when out of the office. I appreciated his support. Oliver Rolfe Founder & Managing Director at Spartan Partnership - Executive Search (Equities Headhunter - Recruitment) UK, EU, Asia & US July 15, 2011, Chris was a client of Oliver’s I have known Oliver for a while now and have worked with him in my own career, having placed me previosuly. He is clearly building a broad network of contacts and is very diligent in making introductions to candidates and where appropriate, helping to close the hiring process. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Chris has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project UBS: "Pull the trigger on an IB spin-off" Interests Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales 35,395 followers Equity Research Analysts - A New Beginning - by Spartan Partnership 2,550 members Atlantic Equities 156 followers Delta Capita 1,163 followers Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales 37,228 followers Deutsche Bank 567,788 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Chin Stock Analyst at Citigroup Citigroup Duke University Greater New York City Area 1 1 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Vice President - Research Company Name Citigroup Dates Employed Aug 2001 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 11 mos VP - Finance Company Name iBenefits Dates Employed Jul 1998 – Jul 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo CPA Company Name KPMG Dates Employed Aug 1995 – Jun 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Education Duke University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 UC Berkeley Degree Name BS Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Delta Sigma Pi Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of California, Berkeley 499,166 followers University of California, Berkeley 524,473 followers Duke University 150,787 followers Duke University 140,493 followers Citi 1,270,372 followers
More Actions Hassan has a account Hassan Abbas Senior Project Manager at 10Pearls 10Pearls Bahria University Pakistan 149 149 connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Hassan’s Activity 148 followers Crain’s Washington, D.C., spoke with 10Pearls' CEO Imran Aftab to learn more about 10Pearls, their recent hackathon for female engineers, and women in tech. 10Pearls Shines a Light on Women in Tech https://lnkd.in/dsYrqfd Hassan shared this See all activity Experience Senior Project Manager Company Name 10Pearls Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Karachi, Pakistan Project Manager Company Name 10Pearls Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Karachi, Pakistan Project Manager/Founder Company Name YB Tech Solutions Dates Employed May 2011 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Software Engineer Company Name Kolachi Advanced Technologies Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Education Bahria University Degree Name Bachelor of Software Engineering Field Of Study Computer Software Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 4 endorsements for Management 4 Management Endorsed by 2 of Hassan’s colleagues at Kolachi Advanced Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills JavaScript See 3 endorsements for JavaScript 3 JavaScript Zack Mazhar and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 3 endorsements for Project Management 3 Project Management Muhammad Ahmed and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Hassan has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization YB Tech Solutions Interests Bahria University 29,606 followers Kolachi Advanced Technologies 552 followers Bahria University 32,994 followers Jobhint 65 followers 10Pearls 5,482 followers
More Actions Philip has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Philip Van Deusen Former Director of Research at Tigress Financial Partners Tigress Financial Partners New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 326 326 connections InMail See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Philip’s Activity 326 followers Demand, not supply, is the great unknown for lithium and cobalt: Andy Home Philip liked Apollo Management is seeking a junior Project Manager with HR and/or Diversity/Inclusion experience to work with the Apollo Veterans Initiative team. This role would be full time and the individual would work out of the Midtown NYC office. A military background is highly desired due to the subject matter expertise required. Approximately 3 years of work experience or relevant military experience is required. I can provide further details to individuals who may be strong candidates. #HRprojectmanager #Military #MilitarySpouse #Veterans #Hiring Philip liked Legendary Investor Jim Rogers Warns That The Worst Stock Market Crash In Your Lifetime Is Coming 'This Year Or Next' Philip liked a comment See all activity Experience Director of Equity Research Company Name Tigress Financial Partners Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Member FINRA/MSRB/SIPC Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Tigress Financial Partners Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Member FINRA/MSRB/SIPC Equity Research Analyst Company Name Momentum Trading Partners, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2008 – May 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location New York Junior Equity Trader for Institutional Equity Desk Company Name GFI Group Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location New York Education New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Corporate Finance, Strategy, Leadership & Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2018 Activities and Societies: Stern Investment Management & Research Society, Graduate Finance Association, Stern Private Equity Club State University of New York at Stony Brook Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study History Grade 3.96 Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Selected as a candidate for the Fullbright Scholarship (5/03), Phi Alpha Theta (Int’l Honor Society in History), Certificate of Undergraduate Excellence and Achievement, Dean’s List (Fall 01-Spring 03) Volunteer Experience Longhouse Reserve Junior Comittee Company Name Longhouse Reserve Dates volunteered Jun 2010 – Present Volunteer duration 7 yrs 1 mo Event Coordinator Company Name Project Sunshine Dates volunteered Jan 2006 – Jan 2008 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 15 endorsements for Financial Analysis 15 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Jean Ergas and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Philip’s colleagues at Tigress Financial Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg Terminal See 11 endorsements for Bloomberg Terminal 11 Bloomberg Terminal Endorsed by 3 of Philip’s colleagues at Tigress Financial Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 10 endorsements for Financial Modeling 10 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 4 of Philip’s colleagues at Tigress Financial Partners Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Philip has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Series 16 Series 55 Series 63 Series 7 Series 86 Series 87 Interests Locke Careers, Inc. 8,976 followers Terramark DataCenters 520 followers Foundation Medicine 14,487 followers Stony Brook University 117,818 followers Synchronoss Technologies 14,700 followers Odeon Capital Group 875 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rahul has a account Rahul Chopra Sr.Vice President & Business Head Roofing Everest Industries Ltd New Delhi Area, India 66 66 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Sr.Vice President & Head Roofing Business Company Name Everest Industries Ltd Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location New Delhi Area, India Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Hossein has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Hossein Karami Investment Analyst at Griffon Capital Griffon Capital Sharif University of Technology Iran 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Senior Financial Analyst with driven to make continuous improvements in the efficiency and accuracy. Organized and enthusiastic professional, with the capacity to fill several financial and investment roles. Precise and extremely ethical in all work-related projects, contributing immediately to corporate financial goals and objectives. Highly motivated and hard worker which has passed CFA level I and II exam and FRM level I at first attempt on December 2015 and June 2016 and November 2016. Analytical in handling confidential and sensitive financial data, specifically of portfolio structure. Solutions-focused, with proven collaborative skills and ability to lead cross functional teams. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Hossein’s Activity 1,187 followers Iran: The Future is so bright I have to wear shades https://lnkd.in/fer-PTA Hossein shared this See all activity Experience Investment Analyst Company Name Griffon Capital Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Iran Griffon Capital is an Asset Management and Private Equity group focused on the Iranian market. Set up by a highly qualified team of senior international investment bankers and asset managers along with local experts with deep understanding of Iran. As an asset management analyst these were my experiences:▪ Developed forecasting tools and dashboards to analyze revenue variance, business pipeline and industry trends.▪ Monitored and analyzed financial, statistical and operational data trends▪ Created and maintained precise and accurate models, charts and reports▪ Consolidated financial data and materials for key leadership meetings▪ Created monthly earning presentations and monthly investor presentations▪ Developed, produced and analyzed financial statements by region▪ Identified risks associated with projects, contract approvals and other client accounting issues▪ Ran and analyzed monthly revenue risk reports for the executive team▪ Built and maintained databases for forecasting future financial performance▪ Analyzed industry trends and compiled market research data to inform planning and strategy▪ Developed spreadsheet models for diverse projects and analysis Investment Development Analyst Company Name Ayandeh Bank - بانک آینده Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Tehran, Iran ▪ Prepared and presented a business plan for a multi-million dollar investment company to Minister of Culture and Islamic Guidance ▪ Monitored and analyzed financial, statistical data trends Financial Analyst Company Name Novin Investment Bank Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos ▪ Developed precise models for forecasting companies’ future earnings ▪ Developed Islamic financial instruments in association with SEO and IFB▪ Monitored and analyzed market risk and credit risk metrics▪ Valuated and registered companies with TSE Education Sharif University of Technology Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 University of Tehran Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 32 endorsements for Finance 32 Finance Endorsed by Behzad Golkar and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Hossein’s colleagues at Griffon Capital Click and drag to reorder skills Risk Management See 28 endorsements for Risk Management 28 Risk Management Endorsed by Amirreza Shafaat, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Hossein’s colleagues at Griffon Capital Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 14 endorsements for Valuation 14 Valuation Endorsed by mohadese razaqi and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Hossein’s colleagues at Griffon Capital Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Amir Gerami Asl Senior M&A and Valuation Analyst, Ph.D. in Finance, MBA May 29, 2017, Amir worked with Hossein in the same group Amir is a delight to work with - his energy and enthusiasm is contagious and makes sure he is never short of spectacular ideas. He has a very good knowledge and understanding about Business, finance, and economics. Accomplishments Hossein has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Passed FRM Level I CFA Level III Candidate - June 2017 Hossein has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Persian Interests University of Art, Tehran 16,952 followers Fluent Inc. 4,048 followers Aspire Zone Foundation 6,253 followers Sharif University of Technology 41,510 followers Sharif University of Technology 47,113 followers CFA Institute 165,490 followers See all See all following
More Actions Karamo has a account Karamo Ceesay High Yield Credit Trader at Odeon Capital Group Odeon Capital Group Hunter College Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Credit Trader Company Name Odeon Capital Group Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research Analyst Company Name Odeon Capital Group Dates Employed May 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Credit Research Intern Company Name Odeon Capital Group Dates Employed Jan 2015 – May 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location New York, New York Equity Research Intern Company Name Buckingham Capital Management, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, New York Student Research Associate Company Name The Buckingham Research Group Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location New York, New York See more positions Education Hunter College Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Political Science, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 Activities and Societies: Investment & Trading Society, Economics Club, Pre-Law Society Trinity College-Hartford Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Political Science and Government Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 Activities and Societies: Trinity College Investment Club Middlesex School See more education Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Karamo has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Series 63 Series 7 Karamo has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Leon G. Cooperman Scholar Karamo has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project NYSSA CFA Institute Research Challenge Interests Hunter College Economics Club 234 members Trinity College-Hartford 21,714 followers Odeon Capital Group 875 followers Prep for Prep Alums 919 members Hunter College 91,750 followers Hunter College Alumni Network 4,788 members See all See all following
More Actions Avishkar has a account Avishkar Nagaser Financial Services Professional Gold Fields Ltd. University of KwaZulu-Natal Johannesburg Area, South Africa 244 244 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience EVP: Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs Company Name Gold Fields Ltd. Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Equity research analyst Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed 2012 – 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity research analyst Company Name Macquarie Group Dates Employed Feb 2007 – May 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Education University of KwaZulu-Natal Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Business/Commerce, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Avishkar has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Afrikaans English Interests GOLD FIELDS 43,996 followers University of KwaZulu-Natal 92,430 followers University of KwaZulu-Natal 87,327 followers
More Actions Eric Hankun has a account Eric Hankun Luo Equity Research Summer Analyst at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley The University of Hong Kong Hong Kong 321 321 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Equity Research Summer Analyst Company Name Morgan Stanley Dates Employed Jun 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Hong Kong China Consumer Founder Company Name Hanerest Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Hong Kong Research on macro, business and quantitative strategies; managed a private investment and business portfolio. http://hanerest.com/ Global Markets Semester Analyst Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Feb 2017 – May 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Hong Kong EDG Structuring Asia - Product Development GroupDelta One Trading - Developed Markets Asia Part-time Equity Research Analyst Company Name Petrel Capital Management Limited Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Hong Kong Greater China Equities Research; Small-Caps, Health Care Financing, Internet; Global Markets Summer Intern Company Name Bank of China (Hong Kong) Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Hong Kong FX TradingFixed Income TradingChina Financial Institutions Sales See more positions Education The University of Hong Kong Degree Name Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2017 University of Toronto Field Of Study Rotman Commerce Program (Exchange) Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2015 Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 5 endorsements for Research 5 Research Lea Zhang and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 4 endorsements for Equity Research 4 Equity Research Lea Zhang and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 3 endorsements for Accounting 3 Accounting Xu Chen and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Eric Hankun has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Member of Beta Gamma Sigma C.V. Starr Scholarship Dean's Honour List (2014-2015; 2015-2016) Zhiyuan Scholarship Eric Hankun has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese (Cantonese) Chinese (Mandarin) English Interests CNNMoney 1,147,198 followers Mashable 813,068 followers FTSE Russell 11,054 followers Harvard Business Review 4,252,622 followers Enhanced Investment Products 505 followers Morgan Stanley 590,772 followers See all See all following
More Actions Janica has a account Janica Ignatius Analyst at Tilakonsultit TM2 Oy Tilakonsultit TM2 Oy Hanken Svenska handelshögskolan Finland 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Analyst Company Name Tilakonsultit TM2 Oy Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Tilakonsultit TM2 is a six-person advisory company providing services in architecture, planning and management consulting. We have a talented mix of specialists with strong backgrounds in varying fields of the real estate sector ranging from interior design, project management, developing request for proposal documentation and bid evaluation work to financial modeling. We utilize our wide knowledge base according to client needs. Our mission is to help clients optimize efficient use of facilities and consult in strategic management and development of facilities. We have focused our expertise on serving the public sector. My role within Tilakonsultit is mainly to provide advisory services requiring financial modeling and/or optimizing of resources. Our management consulting service provides clients with analysis to support in strategic decision making. We have the capability to perform detailed analysis of our client's entire real estate portfolio. By calculating life span costs of alternative strategic decisions, we provide valuable information to our clients. Based on the data produced through our analysis, we are able to objectively evaluate whether facilities are in efficient use and determine if the real estate portfolio contains excess capacity. We provide our clients with concrete advice regarding which pieces of real estate serve a core purpose in producing the services required of the municipality and pin point those where cost savings are achievable.My main tasks include:- Building from scratch the models that form the basic tools of our management consulting service- Project work, from start to finish, including collecting data to writing client reports- Presenting results to clients and third parties (political decision makers)- Taking initiative in day-to-day tasks related to running a small company such as producing marketing material and updating the company home page- Contacting potential clients and managing existing client relationships Junior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Carnegie Investment Bank Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Helsinki Area, Finland Carnegie is one of the leading investment banks in the Nordic region and a market leader in investment banking, securities and private banking. Carnegie employs 620 persons in seven countries. All in all, Carnegie employs approximately 55 equity analysts that monitor more than 300 companies in the Nordic region that together account for more than 95 per cent of the value of the Nordic Exchanges. Carnegie is ranked as the leading equity research firm in the Nordic region.During my time at Carnegie I worked as a junior equity analyst in Finnish research team consisting of seven analysts. I started off assisting more senior colleagues in their research and by the end of my stay at Carnegie I was covering five companies: Orion (pharmaceutical company), Oriola (pharmaceutical product retail and wholesale), Marimekko (textile and clothing), HKScan (food industry), Atria (food industry). My main tasks included:- Financial modeling and valuation- Providing clients with investment recommendations- Market research- Writing research reports- Communicating with investors- Following industry trends, macroeconomic conditions and company related news flow Analyst Trainee Company Name Inspira Oy Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Helsinki Area, Finland Financial Advisory Services Inspira Ltd is a subsidiary of Municipality Finance Plc. Municipality Finance is a credit institution owned by the local government. Inspira offers advisory services in various areas of finance, helping to find the right financial solutions for customers. Clients consist of the public sector and private companies offering their services to the public sector. Inspira carries out financial restructuring as well as mergers and acquisitions for its clients and acts as a financial advisor in various investment projects.During my time at Inpsira I was one of three advisors mainly working within our investment projects business area. I gained valuable insight in financial modeling and as a new employee I started off by building two financial models from scratch. The tools were used to analyse and compare the life span costs of alternative real estate strategies. My main tasks included:- Building financial models (Excel) from scratch and conducting financial analysis- Market research- Producing presentation material - Presenting the results of my analysis to clients- Building Excel tools for clients Junior Advisor Company Name Newsec Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Helsinki Area, Finland Along side my studies I worked as a junior advisor at Newsec, a specialized commercial property firm with 1 000 professionals in 32 offices, serving most of the leading property owners, investors, and corporations in the region. Newsec provides a wide range of services in areas such as asset management, advisory, and transactions. My role was within the Corporate Solutions team which provides strategic advisory services and strategic real estate management for corporate real estate occupiers. Typical projects include strategic real estate development and research, work environment analysis and development, tenant representation and lease agreement controlling.My main tasks included:- Building and maintaining client Excel tools - Analysing large sets of client data and producing automated reports- Producing presentation material- Presenting results to clients and taking part in client meetings- Writing weekly newsletters to clients- Work environment analysis - Conducting surveys directed at real estate occupiers- Determination and calculation of appropriate KPIs to support client’s real estate management needs Master's thesis intern Company Name Nordea Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Helsinki Area, Finland In 2011, I wrote my master's thesis (Ms.Sc. Tech.) for Nordea, the largest financial services group in Northern Europe. During this time, I was employed as a summer intern for three months. The title of my thesis is "Rating the Sustainability of Apartment Buildings, Determining Appropriate Criteria". It includes a literature review of existing rating tools, results of interviews conducted with experts in the industry, and a suggestion of rating criteria to be used by Nordea as part of the lending process. See more positions Education Hanken Svenska handelshögskolan Degree Name Master of Science (Econ.) Field Of Study Finance Grade GPA: 87/100 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Thesis: Calculating a Real Estate Market Index Aalto University Degree Name Master of Science (Tech.) Field Of Study Real Estate Economics Grade GPA: 3.5/5 Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2012 Major: Real Estate ManagementMinor: Economic LawThesis: Rating the Sustainability of Appartment Buildings, Determining Appropriate Criteria Borgå Gymnasium Degree Name High School Grade GPA of high school diploma 9.4/10 Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Aalto University 37,381 followers Hanken Svenska handelshögskolan 11,764 followers
More Actions Kaitlin has a account Kaitlin Parrish Business Valuation Intern at Deloitte Deloitte Vanderbilt University - Owen Graduate School of Management Nashville, Tennessee 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Kaitlin’s Activity 652 followers Local Student Graduates from Centre College Kaitlin liked Dear LinkedIn friends, I would like to refer a brilliant talent Bo Pei to you. He used to intern at Deloitte Valuation Team, has experiences in Complex Security Valuation and took CFA level 3 in June 2017. With solid backgrounds of financial markets and programming, he is currently open to credit risk, market risk and model validation positions in greater New York City area. If you happen to look for candidates in risk analytics or would like to contact Bo for further details, please feel free to reach out him via peibo0318@gmail.com. Sincerely appreciate it! Kaitlin liked See all activity Experience Business Valuation Intern Company Name Deloitte Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Communications and Market Analyst Intern Company Name Bryson Estates Dates Employed May 2015 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Cincinnati Area, KY Financial Services Intern Company Name Waddell and Reed Financial Services Dates Employed May 2014 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Education Vanderbilt University - Owen Graduate School of Management Degree Name Master of Accountancy Field Of Study Valuation Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 • Coursework to include: Financial Modeling, Investments, Financial Reporting, Taxation, Corporate Value Management, Law and Business, Strategic Management Centre College Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Economics and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Activities and Societies: Omicron Delta Kappa, Omicron Delta Epsilon, Student Government Association, Centre College Investment Society, Alpha Delta Pi Volunteer Experience Item Organizer Company Name Blessings in a Backpack Dates volunteered Mar 2011 – Sep 2016 Volunteer duration 5 yrs 7 mos Cause Poverty Alleviation I consolidated the donated food and organized them into students' backpacks. Volunteer Company Name Ronald McDonald House Charities Dates volunteered Feb 2013 – May 2016 Volunteer duration 3 yrs 4 mos Cause Children Volunteer through Alpha Delta Pi Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 11 endorsements for Financial Analysis 11 Financial Analysis Endorsed by German Vidaurre, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 11 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 11 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by Henry Retersdorf, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kaitlin’s colleagues at Deloitte Click and drag to reorder skills Stata See 9 endorsements for Stata 9 Stata Jiawei Gu and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kaitlin has 9 courses 9 Expand courses section Courses Corporate Finance Econometrics Empirical Analysis Financial Accounting Macroeconomics Managerial Finance Microeconomics Money and Banking Theory of Investments Kaitlin has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Kaitlin has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Bloomberg Market Concepts Interests Vanderbilt University 103,976 followers Equity Research Analyst Career Opportunities 2,813 members Bryson Estates 13 followers Business Analytics, Big Data, and Artificial Intelligence 183,733 members Deloitte US 2,316 followers Forbes Leadership 60,464 members See all See all following
More Actions Walter has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Walter Pritchard Technology Research Citi Pomona College San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail 18 years of experience at the intersection of software, finance and capital markets. Through my career I have built relationships with hundreds of companies and investors at all levels of their organization. This has helped me to gain a thorough understanding of what makes companies successful and what drives the investment process in venture, private equity and public markets. My experience includes: Financial modeling, translation of accounting methods, forecasting, benchmarking and other analysis Evaluation of corporate strategy, competitive positioning, sales / go to market strategy, return on investments and revenue / cost model dynamics Primary research to built proprietary view of industry drivers and company operations Investor positioning and communication, understanding of various investment styles Driving process and execution of deliverables with short deadlines while working in a global team setting Strong communication, presentation and public speaking skills See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director, Global Software Analyst Company Name Citi Dates Employed 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Senior analyst responsible for global Software sector in equity research. Universe of 25 companies includes infrastructure / systems and applications software and experience with both consumer, enterprise and verticals, SaaS and traditional on-prem. Current coverage includes Adobe, CA Technologies, Check Point Software, Citrix, FireEye, Fortinet, Intuit, J2 Global, Microsoft, Microstrategy, Oracle, Palo Alto Networks, Red Hat, SAP, salesforce.com, Secureworks, ServiceNow, Symantec, Tableau, Talend, VMware, VeriSign, Web.com, Workday. Managing Director Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed 2004 – 2009 Employment Duration 5 yrs Senior Analyst responsible for infrastructure software and storage coverage. Vice President Company Name SoundView Technology Group Dates Employed 1998 – 2004 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Joined SoundView in Investment Banking and moved into equity research in 2000 to assist an analyst covering the IT security sector. Became senior analyst in early 2002 covering IT security and expanded coverage more broadly into infrastructure software. Education Pomona College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Activities and Societies: Kappa Delta Fraternity, Sophomore Senator, Residence Halls and Sports Commissioner Significant coursework in economics, accounting and mathematics. Volunteer Experience Pack Committee Chair, Den Leader Company Name Cub Scout Pack 59 Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 10 mos Cause Children Assistant Scoutmaster Company Name Boy Scout Troop 59 Dates volunteered Sep 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 10 mos Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 95 endorsements for Financial Modeling 95 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Ehud Gelblum and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Walter’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 51 endorsements for Equity Research 51 Equity Research Endorsed by Ehud Gelblum and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Walter’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills SaaS See 51 endorsements for SaaS 51 SaaS Endorsed by Travis Reed and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Victor Raisys Senior Software Technology Executive | Strategy | Operations | Business Portfolio Management June 14, 2009, Victor worked with Walter in the same group Victor brought a great perspective to his role as an analyst, having many years of industry experiance at Microsoft. Likewise, I'd magine the analyst experience has been valuable taking it back to Microsoft. He would bring a great background where a combination of marketing, understanding of financials and valuation and strategy is necesssary. Nikolay Beliov Technology Research November 3, 2008, Walter managed Nikolay directly Nikolay possesses a great combination of analytical ability and a creative approach to problem solving that made him a great fit for equity research. He worked on multiple projects at the same time and was able to focus on each in order to be a very productive member of the team. Over the 2.5 years he worked with me, he became a subject matter expert in the areas of storage, infrastructure management and security. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Walter has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards CFA Charterholder Eagle Scout Walter has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests CIO Forum 223,510 members VentureBeat 285,800 followers UserVoice 7,161 followers MIT Technology Review 190,342 followers International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme Graduates 4,156 members Pomona College 17,111 followers See all See all following
More Actions Philip has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Philip Van Deusen Former Director of Research at Tigress Financial Partners Tigress Financial Partners New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Greater New York City Area 326 326 connections InMail See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Philip’s Activity 326 followers Demand, not supply, is the great unknown for lithium and cobalt: Andy Home Philip liked Apollo Management is seeking a junior Project Manager with HR and/or Diversity/Inclusion experience to work with the Apollo Veterans Initiative team. This role would be full time and the individual would work out of the Midtown NYC office. A military background is highly desired due to the subject matter expertise required. Approximately 3 years of work experience or relevant military experience is required. I can provide further details to individuals who may be strong candidates. #HRprojectmanager #Military #MilitarySpouse #Veterans #Hiring Philip liked Legendary Investor Jim Rogers Warns That The Worst Stock Market Crash In Your Lifetime Is Coming 'This Year Or Next' Philip liked a comment See all activity Experience Director of Equity Research Company Name Tigress Financial Partners Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater New York City Area Member FINRA/MSRB/SIPC Senior Equity Research Analyst Company Name Tigress Financial Partners Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Member FINRA/MSRB/SIPC Equity Research Analyst Company Name Momentum Trading Partners, LLC Dates Employed Jul 2008 – May 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location New York Junior Equity Trader for Institutional Equity Desk Company Name GFI Group Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Jul 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location New York Education New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Field Of Study Corporate Finance, Strategy, Leadership & Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2018 Activities and Societies: Stern Investment Management & Research Society, Graduate Finance Association, Stern Private Equity Club State University of New York at Stony Brook Degree Name Bachelor of Arts Field Of Study History Grade 3.96 Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Selected as a candidate for the Fullbright Scholarship (5/03), Phi Alpha Theta (Int’l Honor Society in History), Certificate of Undergraduate Excellence and Achievement, Dean’s List (Fall 01-Spring 03) Volunteer Experience Longhouse Reserve Junior Comittee Company Name Longhouse Reserve Dates volunteered Jun 2010 – Present Volunteer duration 7 yrs 1 mo Event Coordinator Company Name Project Sunshine Dates volunteered Jan 2006 – Jan 2008 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Analysis See 15 endorsements for Financial Analysis 15 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Jean Ergas and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Philip’s colleagues at Tigress Financial Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Bloomberg Terminal See 11 endorsements for Bloomberg Terminal 11 Bloomberg Terminal Endorsed by 3 of Philip’s colleagues at Tigress Financial Partners Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 10 endorsements for Financial Modeling 10 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 4 of Philip’s colleagues at Tigress Financial Partners Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Philip has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Series 16 Series 55 Series 63 Series 7 Series 86 Series 87 Interests Moogfest 603 followers Stony Brook University 117,818 followers Pacific Biosciences 10,776 followers Synchronoss Technologies 14,700 followers Illumina 94,689 followers Bentley Associates 1,440 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hossein has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Hossein Karami Investment Analyst at Griffon Capital Griffon Capital Sharif University of Technology Iran 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Senior Financial Analyst with driven to make continuous improvements in the efficiency and accuracy. Organized and enthusiastic professional, with the capacity to fill several financial and investment roles. Precise and extremely ethical in all work-related projects, contributing immediately to corporate financial goals and objectives. Highly motivated and hard worker which has passed CFA level I and II exam and FRM level I at first attempt on December 2015 and June 2016 and November 2016. Analytical in handling confidential and sensitive financial data, specifically of portfolio structure. Solutions-focused, with proven collaborative skills and ability to lead cross functional teams. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Hossein’s Activity 1,187 followers Iran: The Future is so bright I have to wear shades https://lnkd.in/fer-PTA Hossein shared this See all activity Experience Investment Analyst Company Name Griffon Capital Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Iran Griffon Capital is an Asset Management and Private Equity group focused on the Iranian market. Set up by a highly qualified team of senior international investment bankers and asset managers along with local experts with deep understanding of Iran. As an asset management analyst these were my experiences:▪ Developed forecasting tools and dashboards to analyze revenue variance, business pipeline and industry trends.▪ Monitored and analyzed financial, statistical and operational data trends▪ Created and maintained precise and accurate models, charts and reports▪ Consolidated financial data and materials for key leadership meetings▪ Created monthly earning presentations and monthly investor presentations▪ Developed, produced and analyzed financial statements by region▪ Identified risks associated with projects, contract approvals and other client accounting issues▪ Ran and analyzed monthly revenue risk reports for the executive team▪ Built and maintained databases for forecasting future financial performance▪ Analyzed industry trends and compiled market research data to inform planning and strategy▪ Developed spreadsheet models for diverse projects and analysis Investment Development Analyst Company Name Ayandeh Bank - بانک آینده Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Tehran, Iran ▪ Prepared and presented a business plan for a multi-million dollar investment company to Minister of Culture and Islamic Guidance ▪ Monitored and analyzed financial, statistical data trends Financial Analyst Company Name Novin Investment Bank Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos ▪ Developed precise models for forecasting companies’ future earnings ▪ Developed Islamic financial instruments in association with SEO and IFB▪ Monitored and analyzed market risk and credit risk metrics▪ Valuated and registered companies with TSE Education Sharif University of Technology Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 University of Tehran Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 32 endorsements for Finance 32 Finance Endorsed by Behzad Golkar and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Hossein’s colleagues at Griffon Capital Click and drag to reorder skills Risk Management See 28 endorsements for Risk Management 28 Risk Management Endorsed by Amirreza Shafaat, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Hossein’s colleagues at Griffon Capital Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 14 endorsements for Valuation 14 Valuation Endorsed by mohadese razaqi and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Hossein’s colleagues at Griffon Capital Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Amir Gerami Asl Senior M&A and Valuation Analyst, Ph.D. in Finance, MBA May 29, 2017, Amir worked with Hossein in the same group Amir is a delight to work with - his energy and enthusiasm is contagious and makes sure he is never short of spectacular ideas. He has a very good knowledge and understanding about Business, finance, and economics. Accomplishments Hossein has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Passed FRM Level I CFA Level III Candidate - June 2017 Hossein has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Persian Interests University of Art, Tehran 16,952 followers دانش آموختگان روزبه 105 members Mike BloombergMike Bloomberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur, philanthropist, and three-term mayor of New York City 801,033 followers ASME (American Society of Mechanical Engineers) 246,652 members London Business School 162,081 followers The HEINEKEN Company 428,660 followers See all See all following
More Actions Karamo has a account Karamo Ceesay High Yield Credit Trader at Odeon Capital Group Odeon Capital Group Hunter College Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Credit Trader Company Name Odeon Capital Group Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Greater New York City Area Equity Research Analyst Company Name Odeon Capital Group Dates Employed May 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Greater New York City Area Credit Research Intern Company Name Odeon Capital Group Dates Employed Jan 2015 – May 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location New York, New York Equity Research Intern Company Name Buckingham Capital Management, Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location New York, New York Student Research Associate Company Name The Buckingham Research Group Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location New York, New York See more positions Education Hunter College Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Political Science, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 Activities and Societies: Investment & Trading Society, Economics Club, Pre-Law Society Trinity College-Hartford Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Political Science and Government Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 Activities and Societies: Trinity College Investment Club Middlesex School See more education Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Karamo has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Series 63 Series 7 Karamo has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Leon G. Cooperman Scholar Karamo has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project NYSSA CFA Institute Research Challenge Interests NESCAC 12,615 members African Capital Markets 3,259 members Hunter College 91,750 followers Hunter College Economics Club 234 members Odeon Capital Group 875 followers Robinhood 15,179 followers See all See all following
More Actions Avishkar has a account Avishkar Nagaser Financial Services Professional Gold Fields Ltd. University of KwaZulu-Natal Johannesburg Area, South Africa 244 244 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience EVP: Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs Company Name Gold Fields Ltd. Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Equity research analyst Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed 2012 – 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Equity research analyst Company Name Macquarie Group Dates Employed Feb 2007 – May 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Education University of KwaZulu-Natal Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Business/Commerce, General Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Avishkar has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Afrikaans English Interests University of KwaZulu-Natal 92,430 followers GOLD FIELDS 43,996 followers University of KwaZulu-Natal 87,327 followers
More Actions Walter has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Walter Pritchard Technology Research Citi Pomona College San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail 18 years of experience at the intersection of software, finance and capital markets. Through my career I have built relationships with hundreds of companies and investors at all levels of their organization. This has helped me to gain a thorough understanding of what makes companies successful and what drives the investment process in venture, private equity and public markets. My experience includes: Financial modeling, translation of accounting methods, forecasting, benchmarking and other analysis Evaluation of corporate strategy, competitive positioning, sales / go to market strategy, return on investments and revenue / cost model dynamics Primary research to built proprietary view of industry drivers and company operations Investor positioning and communication, understanding of various investment styles Driving process and execution of deliverables with short deadlines while working in a global team setting Strong communication, presentation and public speaking skills See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director, Global Software Analyst Company Name Citi Dates Employed 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Senior analyst responsible for global Software sector in equity research. Universe of 25 companies includes infrastructure / systems and applications software and experience with both consumer, enterprise and verticals, SaaS and traditional on-prem. Current coverage includes Adobe, CA Technologies, Check Point Software, Citrix, FireEye, Fortinet, Intuit, J2 Global, Microsoft, Microstrategy, Oracle, Palo Alto Networks, Red Hat, SAP, salesforce.com, Secureworks, ServiceNow, Symantec, Tableau, Talend, VMware, VeriSign, Web.com, Workday. Managing Director Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed 2004 – 2009 Employment Duration 5 yrs Senior Analyst responsible for infrastructure software and storage coverage. Vice President Company Name SoundView Technology Group Dates Employed 1998 – 2004 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Joined SoundView in Investment Banking and moved into equity research in 2000 to assist an analyst covering the IT security sector. Became senior analyst in early 2002 covering IT security and expanded coverage more broadly into infrastructure software. Education Pomona College Degree Name BA Field Of Study Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Activities and Societies: Kappa Delta Fraternity, Sophomore Senator, Residence Halls and Sports Commissioner Significant coursework in economics, accounting and mathematics. Volunteer Experience Pack Committee Chair, Den Leader Company Name Cub Scout Pack 59 Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 10 mos Cause Children Assistant Scoutmaster Company Name Boy Scout Troop 59 Dates volunteered Sep 2016 – Present Volunteer duration 10 mos Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 95 endorsements for Financial Modeling 95 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Ehud Gelblum and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Walter’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 51 endorsements for Equity Research 51 Equity Research Endorsed by Ehud Gelblum and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Walter’s colleagues at Citi Click and drag to reorder skills SaaS See 51 endorsements for SaaS 51 SaaS Endorsed by Travis Reed and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Victor Raisys Senior Software Technology Executive | Strategy | Operations | Business Portfolio Management June 14, 2009, Victor worked with Walter in the same group Victor brought a great perspective to his role as an analyst, having many years of industry experiance at Microsoft. Likewise, I'd magine the analyst experience has been valuable taking it back to Microsoft. He would bring a great background where a combination of marketing, understanding of financials and valuation and strategy is necesssary. Nikolay Beliov Technology Research November 3, 2008, Walter managed Nikolay directly Nikolay possesses a great combination of analytical ability and a creative approach to problem solving that made him a great fit for equity research. He worked on multiple projects at the same time and was able to focus on each in order to be a very productive member of the team. Over the 2.5 years he worked with me, he became a subject matter expert in the areas of storage, infrastructure management and security. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Walter has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards CFA Charterholder Eagle Scout Walter has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish Interests Ben HorowitzBen Horowitz is a LinkedIn Influencer Horowitz at Andreessen Horowitz 222,417 followers Cloudera 79,265 followers International Baccalaureate 55,654 members DocuSign 38,400 followers Mark V. HurdMark V. Hurd is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Oracle 433,681 followers ReadWrite 50,743 followers See all See all following
More Actions Adam J. has a account Adam J. Peck, CFA Founder and CIO Riverwater Partners LLC University of Wisconsin-Madison Milwaukee, Wisconsin 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Adam J. Peck, CFA has been in the investment industry since 1999. He is currently the CIO at Riverwater Partners LLC. Previously, he was a partner at Heartland Advisors, a multi-billion value boutique based in Milwaukee, where he managed two small cap value mutual funds. Prior to moving his family to Milwaukee, Adam lived in Miami, FL where he worked in investment management for both Northern Trust and Coral Gables Trust. Adam attained his MBA from the University of Wisconsin in the Applied Security Analysis Program as well as a Bachelor of Science degree in International Relations - Environmental Sciences. Adam has appeared on CNBC, Bloomberg TV & Radio, and Fox Business News. He has also been featured in the Wall Street Journal, Barron’s, Bloomberg Business Week, and the New York Post, among other publications. He serves on the advisory board of the Applied Security Analysis Program at the University of Wisconsin, the board of Coral Gables Trust and is a trustee for the Milwaukee Repertory Theatre. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Adam J.’s Activity 1,037 followers Incredible experience at the US Open this week volunteering & training to score for Friday morning's 7:51 tee time (Sergio Garcia, Bubba Watson & Adam Scott). All Master's Champions! Adam J. liked I was happy to ride 45 miles with the Riverwater Partners team at the UPAF Ride for the Arts! Adam J. liked Riverwater Partners was featured in the Milwaukee Business Journal’s 2017 Guide to Wealth Management. Click the link to hear our current thoughts on the market and responsible investing. Adam J. shared this Enjoyed my 1st Water Summit. My favorite quote was from Andy Hobbs- Director of Environmental Quality @ Ford, "Good business decisions and good environmental decisions are not mutually exclusive." https://lnkd.in/eBzQnAw Adam J. shared this See all activity Experience Founder & CIO Company Name Riverwater Partners LLC Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Portfolio Manager Company Name Heartland Advisors, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 9 yrs 8 mos Education University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 NOLS Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Finance See 11 endorsements for Finance 11 Finance Endorsed by 2 of Adam J.’s colleagues at Heartland Advisors, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 11 endorsements for Financial Analysis 11 Financial Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Adam J.’s colleagues at Heartland Advisors, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Mutual Funds See 8 endorsements for Mutual Funds 8 Mutual Funds Endorsed by Ricardo Kuplich and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Adam J. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Chartered Financial Analyst Interests Schwab Advisor Services 12,738 followers Riverwater Partners LLC 46 followers Heartland Advisors, Inc. 981 followers CFA Institute Members 69,519 members RIAmarketplace.xyz™ 21,313 members CFA Institute Members Meditation Group 545 members See all See all following
More Actions Peter has a account Peter Rabover, CFA Portfolio Manager at Artko Capital LP Artko Capital LP University of Virginia - Darden Graduate School of Business Administration San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Value-oriented, buy-side analyst with over 10 years experience in fundamental equity research; with a CFA charter and a top MBA; proven value creation in team-oriented environments; identifying and selecting winning equity and fixed income investments. Specialties: accountancy, analysis, business plans, cash flow, cash management, due diligence, equities, finance, financial, financial analysis, focus, forecasting, industry analysis, inventory management, languages, marketing, meeting facilitation, modeling, equity research, buy-side research, russian fluent, strategic, valuation, See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Peter’s Activity 1,112 followers State Bank Financial to Acquire AloStar Bank of Commerce in Cash Deal Peter liked Yelp - Analyst/Senior Analyst, Business Operations & Strategy Peter liked Love it. Peter liked Singapore Government Taps Kurbo to Provide Mobile Health Coaching Peter liked Turbonomic 5.9 Introduces Public Cloud Cost Compare And Migration Scenarios Peter liked See all activity Experience Portfolio Manager Company Name Artko Capital LP Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Artko Capital is a limited partnership that focuses on investing in small/micro cap companies and special situation securities within a concentrated portfolio with a long term value oriented approach. Director of Research Company Name Artko Capital LLC Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location San Francisco, CA Provide fundamental investment research to a wide range of clients, from small hedge funds and family offices to large RIAs and mutual funds. The range of services provided is from initial opinions and recommendations on individual securities, to due diligence and valuation, to large industry thematic pieces. As a founder of Artko with over 10 years of equity research and M&A experience I have a strong track record of delivering alpha with my recommendations across many industries and sectors. While Artko is focused on value equity investments and special situations, the research scope is broad and we have provided M&A advisory and valuation services as well as consulting on entrepreneurial ventures. Research Analyst Company Name Scharf Investments, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Scotts Valley, CA/New York, NY Global Equity/Fixed Income, $5 billion AUM (SMA/Mutual Funds) - Long OnlyGeneralist - Sector lead for Energy and Financials; Other sectors include Defense, Retailers, Consumer Discretionary, Telecom, Industrials Equity Research - Cover 70+ stocks within 7-10 sectors/industries, in a long only, value oriented, global portfolio with a three to five year holding period. Conduct extensive research and present new ideas (equity and fixed income) to the Investment Committee, from short write ups to bigger industry oriented research projects. Introduced 3 new equity ideas into the portfolio in my first year.- Perform portfolio corporate governance responsibilities Fixed Income Research - research and present ideas to the Credit Investment Committee on fixed income instruments across corporate capital structures (corporates, MLPs, royalty trusts, REITs, preferreds, converts, warrants, etc), as well as municipal bonds and closed end fund structures for inclusion in our balanced fund portfolio. Research Analyst- Consultant Company Name Rainbow LP Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Researched and provided value oriented buy/short recommendations on emerging markets and domestic equities on a consulting engagement basis for a $250 million AUM long/short emerging markets fund. o Areas of focus: Russian Utilities, Mining, Logistics and Energy Serviceso Other consulting industry research projects: Domestic: Search Software, Cloud Computing; Retail; Commodity Royalty Trusts M&A Summer Associate - Business Development Company Name Global Tel*Link Dates Employed May 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Reston, VA • Completed three acquisitions that increased the EBITDA from $50 million to over a $100 million dollars, by working with two private equity owners, Veritas Capital and Goldman Sachs Capital. • Valued the acquisitions; modeled and forecasted all financial statements; performed sensitivity analysis and synergy adjustments; participated in all aspects of quality of earnings and tax analysis, due diligence, and financing negotiations. • Analyzed various venture investment opportunities in the telecom space from stand alone and strategic perspective; on a return and shut-down cost basis See more positions Education University of Virginia - Darden Graduate School of Business Administration Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Asset Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Darden Capital Management - Senior Portfolio Manager (Monticello Fund) Private Equity Club, Finance Club, Outdoors Club, Rugby Team Merit Scholarship Recipient, Co-Published a Darden Case: "Ratios Tell a Story: Industries In The Cross-Section" Duquesne University - AJ Palumbo School of Business Administration Degree Name BS Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Activities and Societies: • Major: Finance; Major GPA: 3.9/4.0; Cumulative GPA: 3.4/4.0 • Full-time scholarship wrestler and part-time employee while graduating college in three and one-half years • Club Participation: Duquesne Asset Management Group; President and Portfolio Manager • Kappa Sigma Phi Fraternity Harrison High School Volunteer Experience Big Brother Company Name Big Brothers Big Sisters of America Dates volunteered Sep 2005 – Present Volunteer duration 11 yrs 10 mos Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Valuation See 43 endorsements for Valuation 43 Valuation Endorsed by Carlos Barrozzi, CFA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Peter’s colleagues at Scharf Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 31 endorsements for Financial Analysis 31 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Marcus Wiggins, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Peter’s colleagues at Scharf Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 18 endorsements for Portfolio Management 18 Portfolio Management Endorsed by Khai Nguyen and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Peter’s colleagues at Scharf Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Jerry Beyke, CFA Senior Investment Analyst at Scharf Investments LLC April 1, 2014, Peter worked with Jerry in the same group Peter is an intelligent investment analyst. Peter enjoys digging into an industry and writing thorough encyclopedic reports on industries he follows. Peter has strong analytical skills, and he is very comprehensive, diligent, and conscientious in his research work. Peter likes to become an expert on the industries and companies he covers, and Peter is an independent thinker with the confidence to develop his own research conclusions. Andrew Ritter at Global Tel*Link March 14, 2013, Andrew managed Peter directly Pete was a superstar for us helping us close three M&A deals. He brought a range of skills to GTL including top flight analytic and modeling capabilities, he developed strong due diligence skills at an operating (vs. purely financial level), and had an executive presence that allowed me to send him to one targets office a few days before closing to be a working capital expert. His understanding of treasury operations help us save over $1M on that deal View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Nash Dykes, CFA Senior Investment Director at Cambridge Associates February 14, 2013, Peter worked with Nash but at different companies Nash and myself were both chosen for the prestigious and select Senior Portfolio Manager roles at Darden Capital Management, a student led, multi million dollar UVIMCO pension fund allocation funded, investment management company within the Darden School of Business at University of Virginia. I had the pleasure of working alongside Nash on many occasions as analyst and had the opportunity to see his research and portfolio management skills over the two years while at business school. Nash has a very comprehensive and analytical mindset that has brought fourth a number of successful equity and fixed income ideas that were thoroughly researched and presented with great clarity. Additionally, as an SPM Nash managed a group of four analysts and was an fantastic leader. If you have an opportunity to hire/work with Nash as an analyst or PM I highly recommend you take advantage of his work ethic and talent. Accomplishments Peter has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Kazakh Russian Peter has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Peter has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Down to Earth Energy Interests Global Investment Research 7,042 members Value Investing Congress 12,891 members Michael Page 1,085,395 followers Darden School of Business - Class of 2011 194 members California Alternative Investments Association ("CalALTs") (formerly the CHFA) 2,223 members Loomis, Sayles & Company 4,911 followers See all See all following
More Actions Whitney has a account Whitney Ijem Vice President at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan New York University New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience VP, Biotech Equity Research Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Biotech Equity Research Associate Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Biotech Equity Research Associate Company Name Canaccord Genuity Inc. Dates Employed May 2012 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Equity Research Intern - Pharmaceuticals Company Name J.P. Morgan Dates Employed Dec 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 6 mos Researcher Company Name New York University Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Thesis Research: Working to create a three dimensional patch of skeletal muscle tissue from stem cells isolated from adult porcine muscle. •Isolate, characterize and purify stem cells from adult porcine muscle tissue •Develop effective cell culture techniques for expansion and maintenance of cells in culture•Seed appropriate populations onto both an aligned two-dimensional collagen scaffold and three dimensional cone extruded collagen scaffold, induce differentiation, and monitor cell response. See more positions Education New York University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Biomaterials Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Washington University in St. Louis Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Biomedical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Mr. Wash U Executive Committee - Vice President and Head of External Fundraising, AIDS Initiative Committee, Senior Class Council Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Canaccord Genuity Inc. 10,367 followers Tissue Regeneration 7,163 members Morgan Stanley 590,772 followers New York University 434,832 followers Washington University in St. Louis 102,845 followers J.P. Morgan 833,603 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rick has a account Rick Rosania Portfolio Manager & Senior Research Analyst, Healthcare at The Boston Company Asset Management The Boston Company Asset Management Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management Boston, Massachusetts 21 21 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Director, Senior Research Analyst Company Name The Boston Company Asset Management Dates Employed Oct 2001 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 9 mos Location Boston Focus on the healthcare sector for domestic and international long only & global long / short portfolios Vice President, Strategic Planning & Business Development Company Name Mellon Institutional Asset Management Dates Employed Apr 1999 – Oct 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Greater Boston Area Vice President, Acquisitions Company Name Harborside Healthcare Dates Employed Apr 1998 – Apr 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Boston Area Manager, Business Development & Financial Analysis Company Name Liberty Mutual Dates Employed May 1996 – Apr 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Boston Area Senior Financial Analyst - Corporate Finance Company Name Liberty Mutual Dates Employed Sep 1995 – May 1996 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater Boston Area See more positions Education Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1990 Dartmouth College Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Skills Financial Analysis Financial Analysis Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management Portfolio Management Click and drag to reorder skills Corporate Finance Corporate Finance Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling Financial Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Dartmouth College 63,998 followers Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management 16,997 followers Dartmouth College Alumni 19,854 members Boston College - Alumni 4,854 members Dartmouth College 61,068 followers Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management 17,409 followers
More Actions Charles has a account Charles Rhyee Managing Director at Cowen and Company covering Digital Heath and the Pharma Supply Chain Cowen and Company Columbia University in the City of New York New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Cowen and Company Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Senior Equity Research Analyst covering the Healthcare Technology & Distribution space Executive Director Company Name Oppenheimer & Co. Dates Employed Nov 2006 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Senior Equity Research Analyst covering the Healthcare Technology & Distribution space Senior Equity Research Associate Company Name Credit Suisse Dates Employed Apr 2005 – Nov 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Senior Equity Research Associate Company Name Jefferies & Company Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Apr 2005 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Senior Equity Research Associate Company Name Schwab Soundview Capital Markets Dates Employed Nov 2003 – Nov 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater New York City Area See more positions Education Columbia University in the City of New York Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 30 endorsements for Equity Research 30 Equity Research Endorsed by Andrea Bici and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Charles’ colleagues at Cowen and Company Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 17 endorsements for Equities 17 Equities Endorsed by John Parks and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 15 endorsements for Valuation 15 Valuation Endorsed by Keith Maher and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills
More Actions Eric Hankun has a account Eric Hankun Luo Equity Research Summer Analyst at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley The University of Hong Kong Hong Kong 321 321 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Research See 5 endorsements for Research 5 Research Lea Zhang and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 4 endorsements for Equity Research 4 Equity Research Lea Zhang and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 3 endorsements for Accounting 3 Accounting Xu Chen and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Bain Capital 51,490 followers TED Conferences 5,511,747 followers Algorithmic Trading 77,770 members UBS 456,540 followers PandoDaily 22,934 followers Penelope TrunkPenelope Trunk is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Quistic 216,590 followers See all See all following
More Actions Patrick has a account Patrick Jones Equity Research Analyst at Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank London School of Economics and Political Science London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Patrick’s Activity 650 followers A battle for supremacy in the lithium triangle Patrick liked I'm excited to announce that at the end of this month, I'll be moving back to Sunny London. The last year has been phenomenal - I've had the pleasure of working on some of the most interesting and challenging projects I've come across in my life - and now I'm preparing for the next step. I plan to hit the ground running and want to set up as many meetings, coffees, and interviews as possible before I land. If anyone knows of a company looking to grow their marketing department or thinks of someone I ought to meet – please let me know in the comments or message me. Thanks! Patrick liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 12 endorsements for Equity Research 12 Equity Research Endorsed by 3 of Patrick’s colleagues at Nomura Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 10 endorsements for Financial Modeling 10 Financial Modeling Endorsed by 2 of Patrick’s colleagues at Nomura Click and drag to reorder skills Mining See 8 endorsements for Mining 8 Mining Benoît TRIOUX and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Norges Bank Investment Management 12,425 followers CRU 8,092 followers First Quantum Minerals LTD 85,928 followers Edison Investment Research 1,244 followers Investing in African Mining Indaba ® 1,594 members Anglo American 291,532 followers See all See all following
More Actions Adrian has a account Adrian Murray Territory Accounts at Reeds construction & engineering Reeds construction & engineering The Howard School Market Lavington, Wiltshire, United Kingdom 150 150 connections Send InMail Compact dealer for CAT & Tobroco-Giant . Head Office In Market Lavington , Based in Cardiff South Wales . Supplier to Construction, Agriculture , Civil Engineering , Plant Hire , Forestry , Waste & recycling and much more ........ Offering other Services ..Soil Stabilisation , Road Crushing , Service Engineering , DPF Cleaning . See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests GAP Group Limited 7,701 followers Balfour Beatty Infrastructure Inc. 2,414 followers ISS Facility Services UK 22,972 followers Dyer & Butler 3,143 followers FC Laser Ltd 172 followers Mitie 41,523 followers See all See all following
More Actions Philippine has a account Philippine Assémat-Tessandier Investment Banking Analyst at Morgan Stanley - Consumer, Retail and Luxury Group Morgan Stanley ESSEC - ESSEC Business School London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Skills French French Click and drag to reorder skills English English Click and drag to reorder skills Italian Italian Click and drag to reorder skills Finance Finance Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Università Bocconi Alumni 10,580 members Bocconi Alumni - Università Commerciale Luigi Bocconi 13,117 members Macquarie Group 156,043 followers Stanhope Capital 1,159 followers Christian Dior Couture 159,948 followers LUXURYRECRUIT for Fashion & Luxury Professionals 99,594 members See all See all following
More Actions Devdeep has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Devdeep Singh Senior Research Analyst - Corporate & Consulting Engagements at Trefis Trefis Kingston University Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 230 230 connections InMail I am a dynamic and performance-driven M.Sc. (Banking & Finance) from Kingston University, London and MBA (Finance) professional offering approximately seven years of experience in financial modelling, project management, financial analysis, consulting, equity research and account management roles. Currently I work on financial modelling, project management and consulting, and I love it! It's exciting to research various drivers for different businesses and play with them on Trefis tool to see how they make financial impact. Beyond work, I love to cook and travel whenever I can, meet new people and learn new things. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Stephen Swigut Director Corporate & Consulting Engagements at Trefis March 21, 2017, Stephen managed Devdeep directly I have had the pleasure to work with Devdeep on multiple projects both long and short over the past year. He is a very analytical and detail oriented individual who knows how to manage both internal and client expectations. He provides excellent analytical and model expertise on very complex engagements. These include for example, business driver analyses and pricing analyses for our important clients while also uncovering insights into our final recommendations. This has been indispensable for final project deliverables. Trupti Kamath, PMP Digital Marketing Manager at TE Connectivity March 6, 2017, Trupti was senior to Devdeep but didn’t manage directly Devdeep and I worked together at Trefis where I supervised and reviewed his articles and reports, covering a wide variety of stocks in different industries. He did a commendable job in putting his thoughts succinctly and to-the-point that was easy to read and thought-provoking at the same time. He was receptive to editorial feedback, and I saw a continuous improvement in his writing style and content quality during my time at Trefis. He’s a good financial analyst and will be an asset to any company he works for. Keep up the good work, Dev! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Kingston University - Company 108,210 followers Arthur D. Little 29,208 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,524,144 followers IBS Hyderabad 17,951 followers Kingston University - Company 104,219 followers Financial Times 2,239,718 followers See all See all following
More Actions Whitney has a account Whitney Ijem Vice President at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan New York University New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Interests Washington University in St. Louis 109,073 followers New York University 434,832 followers Morgan Stanley 590,773 followers Tissue Regeneration 7,163 members Washington University in St. Louis 102,845 followers J.P. Morgan 833,604 followers See all See all following
More Actions Charles has a account Charles Rhyee Managing Director at Cowen and Company covering Digital Heath and the Pharma Supply Chain Cowen and Company Columbia University in the City of New York New York, New York 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Columbia Alumni Association Network 55,902 members Columbia University in the City of New York 286,885 followers Median Technologies 2,269 followers Cowen and Company 5,939 followers Digital Health 68,042 members David L. Katz, MD, MPH, FACPM, FACP, FACLMDavid L. Katz, MD, MPH, FACPM, FACP, FACLM is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, True Health Initiative; CMO, FareWell; Senior Medical Advisor, Verywell.com 816,007 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rick has a account Rick Rosania Portfolio Manager & Senior Research Analyst, Healthcare at The Boston Company Asset Management The Boston Company Asset Management Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management Boston, Massachusetts 21 21 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Dartmouth College 61,068 followers Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management 16,997 followers Boston College - Alumni 4,854 members Dartmouth College Alumni 19,854 members Boston College - Wallace E. Carroll Graduate School of Management 17,409 followers Dartmouth College 63,998 followers
More Actions Anupama has a account Anupama Shukla Industry Analyst at Market Realist Market Realist CFA Level 2 Candidate Pune, Maharashtra, India 425 425 connections Send InMail Financial analyst Specialties: investment research, sector analysis, private equity, financial risk management Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests UX Pros: Largest User Experience Group: Usability Design Web UI Graphic Interactive Digital CX Jobs 94,862 members Linked:Energy (Energy industry expertise) 335,198 members New England Financial Players 6,587 members Financial Analysts & Modelers 34,246 members Risk Management Careers 19,588 members Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members See all See all following
More Actions Girdhar has a account Girdhar Maheshwari -- Jaipur, Rajasthan, India 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Rishabh has a account Rishabh Vaishnav Placement Council Member at Prin.L.N. Welingkar Institute of Management Development and Research Religare Prin.L. Welingkar Institute of Management Development and Research Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 194 194 connections Send InMail I am presently pursuing PGDM in Finance from We School Mumbai. Wish to pursue a career in Finance Industry. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Management See 3 endorsements for Management 3 Management Endorsed by Satnam Singh Tuteja, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 3 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 3 Microsoft Excel Arijit Majumder and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word See 3 endorsements for Microsoft Word 3 Microsoft Word Arijit Majumder and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests HDFC securities 9,455 followers J.P. Morgan 833,604 followers Friends of Harvard Business School (HBS) Executive Education 42,441 members PwC India 70,604 followers Welingkar Alumni Community 3,701 members RBS 314,451 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joshua has a account Joshua Zhang -- Cornell University Hong Kong 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Interests Cornell University 295,532 followers Cornell University 266,195 followers
More Actions Peter has a account Peter Rabover, CFA Portfolio Manager at Artko Capital LP Artko Capital LP University of Virginia - Darden Graduate School of Business Administration San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Value-oriented, buy-side analyst with over 10 years experience in fundamental equity research; with a CFA charter and a top MBA; proven value creation in team-oriented environments; identifying and selecting winning equity and fixed income investments. Specialties: accountancy, analysis, business plans, cash flow, cash management, due diligence, equities, finance, financial, financial analysis, focus, forecasting, industry analysis, inventory management, languages, marketing, meeting facilitation, modeling, equity research, buy-side research, russian fluent, strategic, valuation, See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Jerry Beyke, CFA Senior Investment Analyst at Scharf Investments LLC April 1, 2014, Peter worked with Jerry in the same group Peter is an intelligent investment analyst. Peter enjoys digging into an industry and writing thorough encyclopedic reports on industries he follows. Peter has strong analytical skills, and he is very comprehensive, diligent, and conscientious in his research work. Peter likes to become an expert on the industries and companies he covers, and Peter is an independent thinker with the confidence to develop his own research conclusions. Andrew Ritter at Global Tel*Link March 14, 2013, Andrew managed Peter directly Pete was a superstar for us helping us close three M&A deals. He brought a range of skills to GTL including top flight analytic and modeling capabilities, he developed strong due diligence skills at an operating (vs. purely financial level), and had an executive presence that allowed me to send him to one targets office a few days before closing to be a working capital expert. His understanding of treasury operations help us save over $1M on that deal View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Nash Dykes, CFA Senior Investment Director at Cambridge Associates February 14, 2013, Peter worked with Nash but at different companies Nash and myself were both chosen for the prestigious and select Senior Portfolio Manager roles at Darden Capital Management, a student led, multi million dollar UVIMCO pension fund allocation funded, investment management company within the Darden School of Business at University of Virginia. I had the pleasure of working alongside Nash on many occasions as analyst and had the opportunity to see his research and portfolio management skills over the two years while at business school. Nash has a very comprehensive and analytical mindset that has brought fourth a number of successful equity and fixed income ideas that were thoroughly researched and presented with great clarity. Additionally, as an SPM Nash managed a group of four analysts and was an fantastic leader. If you have an opportunity to hire/work with Nash as an analyst or PM I highly recommend you take advantage of his work ethic and talent. Interests Hedge Fund, Private Equity & Alternative Investments Networking Group - Powered by IvyExec.com 69,257 members CFA Institute Members 69,519 members The Wall Street Job Report 40,619 members 'Hoos in Finance 758 members GAP Placements 10,170 followers Gary VaynerchukGary Vaynerchuk is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO of VaynerMedia, Partner at Vayner/RSE, 4-Time NYT Bestselling Author 1,011,756 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alexandra has a account Alexandra Roche Doctor at Heatherwood and Wexham Park Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust Heatherwood and Wexham Park Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust St. George's, U. of London London, United Kingdom 217 217 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 7 endorsements for Equities 7 Equities Endorsed by Marco Weiss, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alexandra’s colleagues at Berenberg Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 6 endorsements for Investment Banking 6 Investment Banking Endorsed by 2 of Alexandra’s colleagues at Berenberg Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 5 endorsements for Equity Research 5 Equity Research Endorsed by 2 of Alexandra’s colleagues at Berenberg Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests UCL 199,550 followers Berenberg 6,217 followers St George's, University of London (for students and alumni) 6,921 followers St George's, University of London (for students and alumni) 7,169 followers Heatherwood and Wexham Park Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust 1,822 followers UCL 166,983 followers
More Actions Neil has a account Neil Gupte Investment analyst at Infina Infina Finance Private Limited Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow Mumbai Area, India 455 455 connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Mumbai 482,245 followers Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow 17,947 followers Infina Finance Private Limited 56 followers University of Mumbai 472,784 followers Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow 22,009 followers J.P. Morgan 833,604 followers See all See all following
More Actions Crystal has a account Crystal Lu Equity Research Associate at Credit Suisse Credit Suisse University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School New York, New York 352 352 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Financial Modeling See 4 endorsements for Financial Modeling 4 Financial Modeling Endorsed by James Kelly, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Crystal’s colleagues at Credit Suisse Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 1 endorsement for Data Analysis 1 Data Analysis Amit K. has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 1 endorsement for Research 1 Research Amit K. has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Deana Hill Business Professional at Morgan Stanley August 22, 2011, Deana was senior to Crystal but didn’t manage directly Crystal worked with me as a summer intern and helped me with several projects. She is extremely efficient with the computer, and was able to run investment performance reports for me with very little guidance. It's always nice when someone can just take a project and run with it. She did an excellent job and we were all very impressed with this young lady! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests The Wharton School 185,686 followers University of Pennsylvania Alumni 44,718 members Social Planning and Events Committee (SPEC) Alumni 61 members Credit Suisse 453,199 followers The Wharton School 158,698 followers
More Actions Shanshan has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Shanshan Xu M.D., Ph.D., M.B.A. MBA from MIT Sloan CIC Overseas Healthcare Innovation Fund Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Sloan School of Management Cambridge, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Interests StemCells, Inc. 2,600 followers MEDICAL SCIENCE LIAISON and MEDICAL AFFAIRS Networkers 25,858 members Jefferies 64,045 followers L'Oréal 1,084,033 followers Cardinal Health 162,374 followers San Francisco Bay Area UCI Alumni 1,439 members See all See all following
More Actions Wei Le has a account Wei Le Chung Student at National University of Singapore Island Asset Management Pte Ltd National University of Singapore Singapore 177 177 connections Send InMail Highlights Interests National University of Singapore 210,059 followers Island Asset Management LLC 5 followers National University of Singapore 186,741 followers Singapore Armed Forces 4,411 followers
More Actions Neil has a account Neil Gupte Investment analyst at Infina Infina Finance Private Limited Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow Mumbai Area, India 455 455 connections Send InMail Highlights Interests Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow 17,947 followers University of Mumbai 472,784 followers JP Morgan 10,880 members J.P. Morgan 833,604 followers Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow 22,009 followers Infina Finance Private Limited 56 followers See all See all following
More Actions Crystal has a account Crystal Lu Equity Research Associate at Credit Suisse Credit Suisse University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School New York, New York 352 352 connections Send InMail Highlights Interests The Wharton School 158,698 followers The Wharton School 185,686 followers Credit Suisse 453,199 followers Social Planning and Events Committee (SPEC) Alumni 61 members University of Pennsylvania Alumni 44,718 members
More Actions Alexandra has a account Alexandra Roche Doctor at Heatherwood and Wexham Park Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust Heatherwood and Wexham Park Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust St. George's, U. of London London, United Kingdom 217 217 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 7 endorsements for Equities 7 Equities Endorsed by Marco Weiss, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alexandra’s colleagues at Berenberg Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Banking See 6 endorsements for Investment Banking 6 Investment Banking Endorsed by 2 of Alexandra’s colleagues at Berenberg Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research See 5 endorsements for Equity Research 5 Equity Research Endorsed by 2 of Alexandra’s colleagues at Berenberg Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Heatherwood and Wexham Park Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust 1,822 followers UCL 166,983 followers St George's, University of London (for students and alumni) 6,921 followers St George's, University of London (for students and alumni) 7,169 followers UCL 199,550 followers Berenberg 6,217 followers
More Actions Wei Le has a account Wei Le Chung Student at National University of Singapore Island Asset Management Pte Ltd National University of Singapore Singapore 177 177 connections Send InMail Highlights Interests Island Asset Management LLC 5 followers National University of Singapore 186,741 followers Singapore Armed Forces 4,411 followers National University of Singapore 210,059 followers
More Actions Ryan has a account Ryan Sullivan President at Xenith Xenith Michigan State University Detroit, Michigan 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Follow Follow Ryan’s Activity 787 followers #HelloWorld. After getting so many inbound requests to do marketing work with multiple organizations, I've officially switched to running my business, Brave Ink LLC, full-time. I'm so grateful for not only this opportunity, but for all the amazing people in my life who have helped me get here. Check out my website (www.braveink.co), and don't hesitate to send any SMB companies looking for help with marketing or communications my way. Ryan liked Whiskey barge and "urban beach" coming to Detroit riverfront Ryan liked Dan Gilbert-backed football helmet maker is butting heads with big industry players Ryan shared this Renaissance Venture Capital Fund CEO named finalist for regional Entrepreneur of the Year award Ryan liked See all activity Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Vestar Capital Partners 1,092 followers Michigan State University 360,535 followers 2016 HBS YALP ALUMNI 40 members Michigan State University 347,411 followers Angela AhrendtsAngela Ahrendts is a LinkedIn Influencer Senior Vice President, Apple Retail 665,250 followers Michigan State University – The Eli Broad College of Business 2,991 followers See all See all following
More Actions Shanshan has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Shanshan Xu M.D., Ph.D., M.B.A. MBA from MIT Sloan CIC Overseas Healthcare Innovation Fund Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Sloan School of Management Cambridge, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Wei C. Wong Attorney and Counselor at Law January 24, 2014, Wei C. worked with Shanshan but at different companies Shanshan is always learning. Her interest and knowledge are broad and they all work together to her advantage in all of her endeavors. She is diligent, personable and frank -- great qualities indeed! Luke Peng CEO at AnyaUp, we are hiring: videographers, copywriters, growth hackers and marketers: email hello@anyaup.com. April 11, 2013, Shanshan and Luke were students together Yuyu struck me as a brilliant, energetic and hardworking young scholar while we were peer students taking the mathematical and computational biology class. He displayed qualities as meticulous and detail-oriented during the study course. And I found him equipped with strong analytical and quantitative skills. Yuyu was extremely knowledgeable in the computational biology field yet still maintains passionate and curious. He is also oftentime appreciated by peers as a fast learner and a delightful and collaborative team player. Yuyu's well-rounded interests in mathematics, programming and business always impress me and are reflected in his current professional achievements. His business acumen and managerial skills would be invaluable for any company he works with at present or in the future. Interests Autonomic Technologies 2,052 followers Accenture 2,761,019 followers HEOR (Health Economics Outcome Research) 5,844 members Owl Creek Asset Management 1,211 followers ClearView Healthcare Partners 2,676 followers GE Healthcare 532,673 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Chris Davis Co-Founder at Loot Crate Loot Crate Claremont McKenna College Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Currently working with an awesome team to grow Loot Crate, a monthly subscription service for the best geek and gaming gear. Check out our awesome community @ youtube.com/lootcrate and facebook.com/lootcrate. Highlights Interests Snack Food Industry 6,526 members Ilya PozinIlya Pozin is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-Founder @ Pluto TV | Advisor @ Coplex Ventures 691,027 followers Claremont McKenna College 13,791 followers dried fruit and nuts 5,554 members BevNET.com Beverage Industry & Entrepreneur Group 8,620 members FoundersCard 9,575 members See all See all following
More Actions Taavi has a account Taavi Lepmets Co Founder, Partner at Trind Ventures Tuleva Stockholm School of Economics Other 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail My professional experience has been accumulated from two opposite investment styles; early stage investing and value investing. The optimism in me has led me to many early stage growth companies as a founder, VC fund manager and council member. My realism has made me a keen value investor. I hope to keep learning about both, who knows, maybe there is a way to combine the two... See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Taavi’s Activity 615 followers Plugging Holes in Standalone Solutions Taavi liked Online sales and e-marketing internship for summer 2017 Taavi shared this A Web software developer / front end engineer needed for Summer 2017 Taavi shared this See all activity Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Sergey Sergeev Executive Director – MVM PROPERTY May 19, 2016, Sergey worked with Taavi in the same group Sergey is highly energetic and fun to work together with! He is professionally thorough, committed and always ready to lift the spirits of the team! Interests Stockholm School of Economics 30,059 followers Esther DysonEsther Dyson is a LinkedIn Influencer founder, HICCup/Way to Wellville 130,564 followers Rīgas Ekonomikas augstskola - Stockholm School of Economics in Riga 3,605 followers Value Investing group 731 members SoftComply 22 followers Estonian Connected Health Cluster 72 followers See all See all following
More Actions Allison has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Allison Landry Equity Research Analyst Credit Suisse Boston University Questrom School of Business New York, New York 331 331 connections InMail Fundamental equity research analyst focused on the development of long term, differentiated and profitable investment ideas, as well as shorter term tactical trading recommendations. Expertise in the railroad, trucking, airfreight and logistics industries, with extensive financial modeling and equity valuation analysis skills, developed through nearly 12 years of sell-side equity research at a large, global investment bank. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Global Equity Research 14,441 members Hedge Fund Group (HFG) Association: Alternative Investments, CTA Funds, & Fund of Funds 183,575 members Global Investment Research 7,042 members Credit Suisse Group (Credit Suisse Bank Network, Credit Suisse Alumni, CS Alumni, CS Group, CSFB) 12,167 members Boston University Questrom School of Business 38,311 followers Boston University Questrom School of Business 41,066 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alexia has a account Alexia Burland Howard Sell-side Equity Research Analyst for US Foods Sanford Bernstein INSEAD Greater New York City Area 387 387 connections Send InMail Currently sell-side Equity Research Analyst for US Foods sector at Sanford Bernstein. Formerly Strategy consultant with 10+ years experience in developing corporate and business level strategies for large companies, especially in the consumer products and retail sectors. See moreSee more of undefined summary Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Cambridge 331,248 followers University of Cambridge 293,210 followers INSEAD 217,918 followers Lora CecereLora Cecere is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO of Supply Chain Insights 196,350 followers AB Bernstein 12,844 followers INSEAD 175,811 followers
More Actions Harry has a account Harry DeMott General Partner Raptor Ventures Raptor Capital Management Princeton University Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Long time operator and investor in media, sports and entertainment. Investing across the capital structure, from cradle to grave (early stage VC to distressed debt), and getting actively involved on either the operational or board level. Looking for opportunities to drive revenue at the intersection of technology and traditional media or sports companies - with a focus on the utilization of data to drive personalized engagement. Fan Manager is a perfect example of this: taking a new and progressive technology and bringing it to bear on an industry that is in the process of professionalizing and being disrupted Specialties: Media: Both Old and New - Traditional and Disruptive across the capital structure, Venture Capital, Equities, Sports, Music, Entertainment, Ticketing, Gaming, Lodging, Travel and Leisure See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (2) Given (7) Erika Karp Founder and CEO, Cornerstone Capital Inc. August 5, 2010, Erika worked with Harry in different groups Harry is one on the most sensible, commercial, articulate analysts with whom I've worked over the years. His understanding of the markets, company business models, and structural issues in media have made him a great colleague. Joe Kennedy CEO Emeritus at Pandora Media, Inc. April 10, 2010, Joe worked with Harry but at different companies Harry is deeply knowledgeable and passionate about radio and media generally in both its traditional broadcast form and all of its new digital forms.His straight-shooting nature, intelligence and passion make him a pleasure to work with. Alicia Policinski CEO at Quottly, Inc. April 22, 2016, Harry was senior to Alicia but didn’t manage directly As the lead investor in Graph Science, I worked extremely closely with Alicia and can't recommend her highly enough. During her time as CEO, she moved the office, retained 100% of existing clients, grew sales, hired engineers and marketing execs, expanded a relationship with Facebook, and ultimately lead the company to a sale to Centro. Despite being resource constrained, she took all of this on, and did it while exhibiting excellent communications with the board, and exhibiting a spectacular attitude in all situations. She is a great executive, a great leader, and someone who can self start as well as adapt to highly changing situations. I'd like to find a way to work with her again. Alan Chan Cofounder & CEO at Joy April 30, 2014, Alan worked with Harry in the same group Why would I recommend Alan:It's got to be the glasses!I was the major investor in Bre.ad which Alan founded, and we saw it through together to the sale of the company to Yahoo. During all of this time, alan worked tirelessly to reach a great outcome for all - and his ability to get along with people and network is an asset that is incredibly impressive. He is honest and fair and has a bright future ahead no matter where he decides to apply himself. All in all a great guy to partner with, and a great guy to just be around. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Interests LayerVault 52 followers Krush Mobile 115 followers Sunil PaulSunil Paul is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-Founder & CEO at Sidecar 102,693 followers Mark SusterMark Suster is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner, Upfront Ventures 109,737 followers Hifi 90 followers Raptor Capital Management 399 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Scotti Research Analyst at Janus Capital Group Janus Capital Group University of Oxford Denver, Colorado 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests The University of Chicago 126,643 followers University of Oxford 324,087 followers Janus Henderson U.S. 17,652 followers The University of Chicago 117,304 followers ISI Group 2,178 followers University of Oxford 278,183 followers
More Actions Zeng has a account Zeng (Gary) Gan Incoming MT of Asset Management & Private Equity division at SPDB International Invest Bots Limited The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) Business School Hong Kong 96 96 connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests SPDB International 42 followers DBS Vickers Securities 3,800 followers South China University of Technology 37,803 followers 华南理工大学 34,874 followers China Securities Co., Ltd. 5,787 followers University of California, Los Angeles 479,059 followers See all See all following
More Actions Melissa has a account Melissa Gorham Executive Director at Morgan Stanley Equity Research Morgan Stanley Harvard Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Interests Harvard Business School Alumni (Official) 28,986 members Gary VaynerchukGary Vaynerchuk is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO of VaynerMedia, Partner at Vayner/RSE, 4-Time NYT Bestselling Author 1,011,758 followers Hortonworks 70,508 followers Deloitte Consulting Alumni 35,738 members Harvard Business School 254,536 followers Autodesk 203,539 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dan has a account Dan Sherwood Analyst at Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Fidelity Investments 311,712 followers Yale University 159,153 followers Yale University 153,676 followers The Wharton School 158,698 followers The Wharton School 185,686 followers Yale University Careers 154,367 followers
More Actions Melissa has a account Melissa Gorham Executive Director at Morgan Stanley Equity Research Morgan Stanley Harvard Business School Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests AOL Community 2,431 members Gary VaynerchukGary Vaynerchuk is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO of VaynerMedia, Partner at Vayner/RSE, 4-Time NYT Bestselling Author 1,011,759 followers Hortonworks 70,508 followers Emory Alumni Association 24,654 members Becky QuickBecky Quick is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-anchor of CNBC's Squawk Box from 6-9amET 233,323 followers AB Bernstein 12,844 followers See all See all following
More Actions Raphael (Rafe) has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Raphael (Rafe) Lewis Vice President Research Analyst at The Boston Company Asset Management, LLC The Boston Company Asset Management, LLC UMass-Boston Center For Collaborative Leadership Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections InMail Specialist in investigative-journalistic investment research. Generalist. Shoe-leather investigations, source-building, truth-seeking. Focused on differentiated, ethical, compliant information gathering. Connect with me using rafelewisresearch@gmail.com All Invitations to Connect Welcome LION – LinkedIn Open Networker See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests The Boston Company Asset Management, LLC 1,402 followers University College Alumni 482 members Herb GreenbergHerb Greenberg is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner at Pacific Square Research 333,262 followers New England Financial Players 6,587 members Alternative Investment Operational Due Diligence Group 4,553 members Columbia University - Graduate School of Journalism 13,159 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brittany has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Brittany Whitman Associate Equity Analyst at Longbow Research Longbow Research John Carroll University Cleveland, Ohio 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Follow Follow Brittany’s Activity 607 followers A Conversation with Sheryl Sandberg & Toby Cosgrove, MD Brittany liked Investor Relations Analyst Brittany liked Congratulations Adam Zelwin and Tyler Mihaila! Our new partners in Cleveland! Check them out here: http://pwc.to/2smsqre #TeamPwC Brittany liked See all activity Recommendations Received (6) Given (0) Stephanie McCord LD&T Sr Operations Manager at PepsiCo (PBC) April 18, 2013, Stephanie managed Brittany directly I had the opportunity to work with Brittany when she was interning with Hub Group. Brittany was an absolute pleasure to manage and was always an excellent team player. She built excellent rapport with both clients and vendors and became a true asset to the team! Michael Halperson Chief Executive Officer at Alosa Foundation April 15, 2013, Michael was senior to Brittany but didn’t manage directly Brittany Whitman and I worked together at The Cape Cod Sea Camps, where I serve as a Board member, vice president and treasurer. I have had the opportunity to observe her work in many situations for many summers, and feel qualified to comment on her work. She is bright, insightful, and industrious; she routinely accomplishes large quantities of superior work. She paid close attention to the health, safety and welfare of her children, and consistently went the extra mile to make sure the campers were properly cared for. She always put the needs of the campers first, and often stayed late or arrived early to make sure her job was completed properly. She is a team player, a quiet, effective leader who not only gets her own job done, but also inspires others in any group effort. She has a wonderful sense of humor, a warm, caring personality, and very strong seriousness of purpose. People enjoy working with her, respect her, and often comment on her excellent job performance. Anyone who gets her to be part of a team is very fortunate! View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests BURGER KING® 4,600 members Bright Pink 2,362 followers Multi-Unit Franchisee 10,554 members The Economist 4,117,068 followers Longbow Research 757 followers Cleveland Clinic 122,024 followers See all See all following
More Actions Philip has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Philip Timon Portfolio Manager at Owls Nest Partners Owls Nest Partners The Wharton School Greater Philadelphia Area 395 395 connections InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests The Wharton School 185,686 followers The Wharton School 158,698 followers Endowment Capital 25 followers The Castle (Psi Upsilon Fraternity - University of Pennsylvania) 199 members
More Actions Yatin has a account Yatin Suneja Director at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Syracuse University - Martin J. Whitman School of Management Greater New York City Area 387 387 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 27 endorsements for Equity Research 27 Equity Research Endorsed by Simos Simeonidis, PhD, MBA and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Yatin’s colleagues at Rodman & Renshaw Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 17 endorsements for Valuation 17 Valuation Endorsed by Simos Simeonidis, PhD, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Yatin’s colleagues at Cowen and Company Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 17 endorsements for Financial Modeling 17 Financial Modeling Endorsed by Simos Simeonidis, PhD, MBA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Yatin’s colleagues at Rodman & Renshaw Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Babson Capital Management 6,164 followers Investment Banking professionals 32,909 members Laurus Corporation 1,729 followers Brawn Globus Turnkey Solutions Pvt. Ltd. 254 followers Highland Capital Management, L.P. 5,651 followers Lord, Abbett & Co. LLC 10,285 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Scotti Research Analyst at Janus Capital Group Janus Capital Group University of Oxford Denver, Colorado 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests The University of Chicago 126,643 followers University of Oxford 278,183 followers The University of Chicago 117,304 followers ISI Group 2,178 followers Janus Henderson U.S. 17,652 followers University of Oxford 324,088 followers
More Actions Tania has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Tania Harsono, CFA Venturing deeper into the world of equity research Putnam Investments Columbia University in the City of New York Boston, Massachusetts 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Mergers & Acquisitions See 27 endorsements for Mergers & Acquisitions 27 Mergers & Acquisitions Vince Trantolo and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Economics See 14 endorsements for Economics 14 Economics Neal Dahya and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 14 endorsements for Financial Analysis 14 Financial Analysis Endorsed by Sikandar Hashmi, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Crofton House School Alumnae 339 members Putnam Investments 25,247 followers University of Cambridge 293,210 followers University of Oxford 324,088 followers AB Bernstein 12,844 followers CFA Program Candidates 215,086 members See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Whittock Oil & Gas Equity analyst Liberum - Investment Banking, Research, Sales and Trading The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) London, United Kingdom 95 95 connections Send InMail Oil & Gas Equity research analyst Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Bristol 123,434 followers The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) 236,084 followers Liberum - Investment Banking, Research, Sales and Trading 2,286 followers University of Bristol 117,008 followers The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) 272,642 followers
More Actions John has a account John Mirshekari Portfolio Manager at Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments University of Notre Dame Greater Boston Area 123 123 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Katie has a account Katie Cannan Quality and Compliance Liaison at LDA Life and Learning Services LDA Life and Learning Services Ontario, New York 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Sachit has a account Sachit Bajoria Equity Research New Berry Capitals Chartered Financial Analysts Institute (USA) Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Capital Markets See 4 endorsements for Capital Markets 4 Capital Markets Prerna Bajoria and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management See 3 endorsements for Portfolio Management 3 Portfolio Management Prerna Bajoria and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Analysis See 2 endorsements for Financial Analysis 2 Financial Analysis Prerna Bajoria and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Greenwich Partners 13,987 followers Churchill Capital 2,068 followers Behavioural Trading 17,490 members Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholders and CFA candidates 3,228 members MTS Health Partners, L.P. 7,677 followers University of Mumbai 482,246 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ola has a account Ola Williams -- United Kingdom 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights
More Actions Kristina has a influencer account Kristina Salen CFO, Etsy Cornerstone OnDemand Columbia Business School Brooklyn, New York Follow Following You are now following this person Highlights Kristina’s Articles & Activity 310,248 followers "Motherless Daughters": From Observing Life to Living It Kristina Salen on LinkedIn See 2 more articles GOP Just Says No To Debit-Card Fee Hike Kristina commented See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 33 endorsements for Equities 33 Equities Endorsed by Minyoung Sohn and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Kristina’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 31 endorsements for Valuation 31 Valuation Endorsed by James Ratcliffe and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Kristina’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 22 endorsements for Investments 22 Investments Endorsed by Eric Sheridan and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Kristina’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Eric RiesEric Ries is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Long-Term Stock Exchange 483,614 followers The B Team 6,391 members John DonahoeJohn Donahoe is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman of the Board at PayPal 248,222 followers Cornerstone OnDemand 47,621 followers Adena FriedmanAdena Friedman is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO of Nasdaq 349,658 followers Angela AhrendtsAngela Ahrendts is a LinkedIn Influencer Senior Vice President, Apple Retail 665,251 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jue has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Jue Huang Equity Research The Analyst - Independent Equity Research King's College London London, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections InMail Highlights Interests Private Wealth Management 100,214 members Kinnevik AB 3,184 followers Global Equity Research 14,441 members Qiwi 3,083 followers Mark MobiusMark Mobius is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, Templeton Emerging Markets Group at Franklin Templeton Investments 412,998 followers Nordion 1,727 followers See all See all following
More Actions Katie has a account Katie Cannan Quality and Compliance Liaison at LDA Life and Learning Services LDA Life and Learning Services Ontario, New York 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Eiffel(Zhiyu) has a account Eiffel(Zhiyu) Chen Intern at Fosun Group Fosun Group The Chinese University of Hong Kong Hong Kong 174 174 connections Send InMail Highlights Interests Fosun Group 27,777 followers Financial Times 2,239,735 followers S&P Global 64,514 followers Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (HKEX) 12,892 followers ICBC International 2,001 followers Alibaba Group 109,527 followers See all See all following
More Actions mallikarjun has a account mallikarjun reddy Technical Lead - Business Analysis at iNautix Technologies iNautix Technologies IFMR India 250 250 connections Send InMail Highlights Interests Gandhi Institute of Technology & Management (GITAM) University, Visakhapatnam 4,623 followers Gandhi Institute of Technology & Management (GITAM) University, Visakhapatnam 6,189 followers iNautix Technologies 17,728 followers
More Actions John has a account John Mirshekari Portfolio Manager at Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments University of Notre Dame Greater Boston Area 123 123 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Interests Fidelity Investments 311,712 followers University of Notre Dame 111,899 followers University of Notre Dame 127,056 followers
More Actions Jingzhen (Tim) has a account Jingzhen (Tim) Zhang Apple Store Leader Program Associate at Apple Chaoyang District, Beijing, China 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail ASLP in Apple Beijing, Class of 2016 Boston University. Experiences in retail, banking, marketing and startup business. Enthusiastic leader, quick learner and team person; good at communication and problem solving. Interested in acting, cuisine, Business strategy and outdoor activities. See moreSee more of undefined summary Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 23 endorsements for Teamwork 23 Teamwork Endorsed by Aizhou Liu, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Jingzhen (Tim)’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills Equity Research Analysis See 7 endorsements for Equity Research Analysis 7 Equity Research Analysis Athenia Qiu and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 4 endorsements for Financial Modeling 4 Financial Modeling Athenia Qiu and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests CSSA-Chinese Student and Scholar Associations-All in 全球中国学生学者联谊会 7,607 members Oriental Patron 1,044 followers Boston University 266,566 followers AMIGO LIMITED 2 followers Boeing 748,768 followers Boston University Questrom School of Business 41,066 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joseph has a account Joseph Michael Equity Research Analyst at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley CFA Institute Sydney, Australia 253 253 connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Edelenh Luu-Tran Executive Assistant | Personal Assistant | Dedicated to maximise an Executive Manager's performance and time July 30, 2015, Edelenh worked with Joseph in the same group I had the privilege of working with Edelenh for over five years and in that time I have known Edelenh to be well-organised, very helpful and highly proficient in Microsoft Excel and Word. Edelenh often worked behind the scenes ensuring that the Research department was well coordinated and new projects were rolled out seamlessly, allowing the analysts to focus on their role. Edelenh was a hard worker who was more concerned with continual improvement than recognition for her efforts. Interests Wilsons Advisory and Stockbroking 2,067 followers Macquarie University 115,585 followers James GormanJames Gorman is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO at Morgan Stanley 162,956 followers Morgan Stanley 590,773 followers Macquarie University 132,734 followers
More Actions Mukesh has a account Mukesh Purohit Financial Advisor at C.S Purohit & Associates C.S Purohit & Associates Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 12 12 connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions David has a account David Yan Student at Desautels Faculty of Management Desautels Capital Management McGill University - Desautels Faculty of Management Montreal, Quebec, Canada 188 188 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 6 endorsements for Teamwork 6 Teamwork Endorsed by Alice Zhang and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 5 endorsements for Microsoft Office 5 Microsoft Office Endorsed by Eric Han and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 5 endorsements for Customer Service 5 Customer Service Endorsed by Eric Han, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests McGill University 236,970 followers McGill University - Desautels Faculty of Management 4,729 followers Upper Canada College 2,169 followers Upper Canada College 3,442 followers McGill University - Desautels Faculty of Management 5,169 followers McCafferty & Company 128 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kristina has a influencer account Kristina Salen CFO, Etsy Cornerstone OnDemand Columbia Business School Brooklyn, New York Follow Following You are now following this person Highlights Kristina’s Articles & Activity 310,248 followers "Motherless Daughters": From Observing Life to Living It Kristina Salen on LinkedIn See 2 more articles GOP Just Says No To Debit-Card Fee Hike Kristina commented See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Equities See 33 endorsements for Equities 33 Equities Endorsed by Minyoung Sohn and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Kristina’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 31 endorsements for Valuation 31 Valuation Endorsed by James Ratcliffe and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Kristina’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Investments See 22 endorsements for Investments 22 Investments Endorsed by Eric Sheridan and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Kristina’s colleagues at Fidelity Investments Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Angie HicksAngie Hicks is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CMO at Angie's List 71,656 followers Columbia Business School, in New York City 2,606 members Facebook 1,566,328 followers Chad DickersonChad Dickerson is a LinkedIn Influencer Former Etsy CEO 236,766 followers Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,315 followers Max LevchinMax Levchin is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-Founder & CEO at Affirm, Inc 32,319 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lauren has a account Lauren Crawford Seeking employment opportunities On-Campus Promotions Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh Edinburgh, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Achievements include; BT YOUNG SCIENTIST COMPETITION - DUBLIN Team leader of a project entitled “Sanomatic,” which was selected to be show cased at the BT Young Scientist Exhibition. SENTINUS YOUNG INNOVATORS COMPETITION - BELFAST “Sanomatic” was the winner of the Fujitsu award for females in engineering and runner up in the Intermediate Technology category. ROTARY CLUB YOUTH LEADERSHIP COMPETITION Overall district winner of the County Fermanagh Rotary Club Youth Leadership Competition. GENERATION INNOVATION Nominated to become a member of Generation Innovation by Mount Lourdes. Generation Innovation is an initiative run by Catalyst. Inc, Northern Ireland, for students deemed most likely to succeed in the New Knowledge Economy. THE EDINBURGH APPRENTICE One of the top candidates of the Edinburgh Apprentice Business Competition 2014. Selected for The Edinburgh Apprentice Organisation Committee 2015. Primarily focused on marketing and seeking support and endorsement. See moreSee more of undefined summary Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 37 endorsements for Teamwork 37 Teamwork Endorsed by Pete McCarthy and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Lauren’s colleagues at Heriot-Watt University Trading and Investment Club Click and drag to reorder skills Entrepreneurship See 29 endorsements for Entrepreneurship 29 Entrepreneurship Endorsed by Andrew Fulton, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lauren’s colleagues at Heriot-Watt University Trading and Investment Club Click and drag to reorder skills Time Management See 25 endorsements for Time Management 25 Time Management Endorsed by Elisha Marsland and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (2) John Sanders Lecturer at Heriot-Watt University May 15, 2017, John was Lauren’s teacher Lauren is an enthusiastic student whose attendance and general conduct are exemplary. She is also highly intelligent, hardworking, reliable and conscientious individual. The deadlines for course assignments were all met and the standard of the work submitted was high due to competent analysis and good supporting research being carried out. Both her oral and written English are excellent. I have no doubt that she would be an excellent candidate for any position which she applies for. Pete McCarthy Associate at HOST Somerset November 11, 2016, Pete and Lauren were students together I met Lauren during her first year where she made regular contributions to the university's investment society. Her enthusiasm for business was clear to see, yet possessed a solid understanding of financial markets in relation to equity research. As the years have progressed she has consistently volunteered and put herself out there in organising events and supporting younger students. Lauren led her group stock pitch presentation which involved the 3D printing firm, Stratasys. With a recommendation to buy for the next 12-18 months based on fundamental financial analysis, her contribution was engaging and one could see that she enjoyed the challenge of presenting, taking questions and answering them in a structured manor. Lauren would be an asset to any team due to her positive can do mindset and her ability to think laterally when under pressure. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Pete McCarthy Associate at HOST Somerset January 6, 2017, Lauren and Pete were students together I met Pete at the University’s Trading and Investment club in 2013. Throughout my years in the club I have worked alongside Pete on a number of projects, the most notable of which being Equity Research analysis. As part of the club's committee, Pete was a guiding figure for teams conducting equity research. Many of the younger members were new to the concept and thus Pete provided knowledgeable insight, guidance and mentorship to students of all disciplines throughout the duration of the equity research. As part of the equity research judging panel, Pete was able to provide valuable feedback for individuals, including myself, in terms of how to better their financial analysis and understanding of the company.Pete has always gone above and beyond his required role in the Trading and Investment Club and undoubtedly a role model for the younger students. On occasions when members would have questions and queries about topics covered in talks, Pete was always happy to take the time to explain and discuss further. Pete’s passion for economics and finance is clear to see, both in academia and beyond. Pete’s regular talks at the weekly club meetings as well as his economics and finance focused blog put a refreshing spin on current financial affairs. Pete would be a valuable asset to any company due to his highly motivated mindset, passion, and desire to achieve. I have no doubt that he will be highly successful in his chosen career path. Alex Martin Digital Marketing Specialist at Your Business Freedom✔Lead Generator✔Social Media Marketer✔Growth Maximizer✔ September 9, 2016, Alex worked with Lauren in the same group Alex successfully headed a group of five equity analysts, myself included, for an equity research project based on a 3D printing company, namely, Stratasys. The research spanned a total of three months and at the end the findings were pitched for investment. Throughout the duration, Alex's proved to be an outstanding facilitator, displaying enthusiasm and contributing important analytical expertise and industry insight to the group. Undoubtedly, Alex played a key role in the team's success. Interests Sectra 5,410 followers Lough Erne Resort 142 followers Apple 3,466,341 followers Handelsbanken 38,263 followers iCUE - Innovative Careers University of Edinburgh 78 followers Globalplacement.com 16,059 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Glick E&P Equity Research at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan Tulane University - A.B. Freeman School of Business New Orleans, Louisiana 185 185 connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests J.P. Morgan 833,606 followers Tulane University - A.B. Freeman School of Business 17,274 followers Tulane University - A.B. Freeman School of Business 17,673 followers
More Actions Maximilian has a account Maximilian Arzt-Jones Studying at King's College London Deloitte Switzerland King's College London London, Greater London, United Kingdom 36 36 connections Send InMail - Highlights Follow Follow Maximilian’s Articles & Activity 36 followers First Access – Providing to SMEs Maximilian Arzt-Jones on LinkedIn See 2 more articles Great to see our MIT Fintech family. Sanjay Mathew It was pleasure welcome you to London! Ade Onigbanjo Maryam Hafeez Daniele Azzaro, MBA BEng Hoa Nguyen Lisa Rabbe David Wong Sophie Russell Colin Bennett Shahie Ali Oliver Cummings Thanks for joining dinner. Greetings to Angel Lorente. Maximilian liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests King's College London 159,015 followers King's College London 135,965 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology 342,323 followers Future Leaders - Alumni Group 29 members Deloitte Switzerland 12,768 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology 278,373 followers
More Actions Do has a account Do Kim BMO Capital Markets BMO Capital Markets Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 410 410 connections Send InMail Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 9 endorsements for Equity Research 9 Equity Research Endorsed by David Lebowitz MPH, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Do’s colleagues at Piper Jaffray Click and drag to reorder skills Biotechnology See 9 endorsements for Biotechnology 9 Biotechnology David McCormack and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Valuation See 8 endorsements for Valuation 8 Valuation Endorsed by David Lebowitz MPH, CFA, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Do’s colleagues at Piper Jaffray Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests BMO Capital Markets 32,327 followers The Johns Hopkins University 150,509 followers Nomura 85,002 followers The Johns Hopkins University 137,875 followers Piper Jaffray 17,885 followers Columbia Business School 83,294 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Yan Student at Desautels Faculty of Management Desautels Capital Management McGill University - Desautels Faculty of Management Montreal, Quebec, Canada 188 188 connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests McGill University 236,970 followers CICC 24,090 followers McCafferty & Company 128 followers McGill University - Desautels Faculty of Management 4,729 followers McGill University - Desautels Faculty of Management 5,169 followers Desautels Capital Management 254 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Glick E&P Equity Research at J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan Tulane University - A.B. Freeman School of Business New Orleans, Louisiana 185 185 connections Send InMail Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Tulane University - A.B. Freeman School of Business 17,673 followers J.P. Morgan 833,607 followers Tulane University - A.B. Freeman School of Business 17,274 followers
More Actions Lauren has a account Lauren Crawford Seeking employment opportunities On-Campus Promotions Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh Edinburgh, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail Achievements include; BT YOUNG SCIENTIST COMPETITION - DUBLIN Team leader of a project entitled “Sanomatic,” which was selected to be show cased at the BT Young Scientist Exhibition. SENTINUS YOUNG INNOVATORS COMPETITION - BELFAST “Sanomatic” was the winner of the Fujitsu award for females in engineering and runner up in the Intermediate Technology category. ROTARY CLUB YOUTH LEADERSHIP COMPETITION Overall district winner of the County Fermanagh Rotary Club Youth Leadership Competition. GENERATION INNOVATION Nominated to become a member of Generation Innovation by Mount Lourdes. Generation Innovation is an initiative run by Catalyst. Inc, Northern Ireland, for students deemed most likely to succeed in the New Knowledge Economy. THE EDINBURGH APPRENTICE One of the top candidates of the Edinburgh Apprentice Business Competition 2014. Selected for The Edinburgh Apprentice Organisation Committee 2015. Primarily focused on marketing and seeking support and endorsement. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Lauren’s Activity 507 followers We did it! We have now presented our master's thesis. The past four years at Linköping University have taught us the importance of hard work and dedication, while also bringing us a lot of new friends and fun memories. After a well-awaited reboot, we look forward to the journey that lies ahead. Maria will start off her career by moving out to London and I will be joining the Financial Services team at Accenture in Stockholm. And on that note, we're out! Lauren liked Delighted to be graduating with a First Class MA (Hons) International Business Management! Lauren shared this Looking for the following roles on immediate notice; 1. Designer X2. Preferably has front-end/CSS skills 2. Ruby on Rails Developer Open to both freelance or permanent roles. Lauren shared this See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 37 endorsements for Teamwork 37 Teamwork Endorsed by Pete McCarthy and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Lauren’s colleagues at Heriot-Watt University Trading and Investment Club Click and drag to reorder skills Entrepreneurship See 29 endorsements for Entrepreneurship 29 Entrepreneurship Endorsed by Andrew Fulton, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Lauren’s colleagues at Heriot-Watt University Trading and Investment Club Click and drag to reorder skills Time Management See 25 endorsements for Time Management 25 Time Management Endorsed by Elisha Marsland and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (2) John Sanders Lecturer at Heriot-Watt University May 15, 2017, John was Lauren’s teacher Lauren is an enthusiastic student whose attendance and general conduct are exemplary. She is also highly intelligent, hardworking, reliable and conscientious individual. The deadlines for course assignments were all met and the standard of the work submitted was high due to competent analysis and good supporting research being carried out. Both her oral and written English are excellent. I have no doubt that she would be an excellent candidate for any position which she applies for. Pete McCarthy Associate at HOST Somerset November 11, 2016, Pete and Lauren were students together I met Lauren during her first year where she made regular contributions to the university's investment society. Her enthusiasm for business was clear to see, yet possessed a solid understanding of financial markets in relation to equity research. As the years have progressed she has consistently volunteered and put herself out there in organising events and supporting younger students. Lauren led her group stock pitch presentation which involved the 3D printing firm, Stratasys. With a recommendation to buy for the next 12-18 months based on fundamental financial analysis, her contribution was engaging and one could see that she enjoyed the challenge of presenting, taking questions and answering them in a structured manor. Lauren would be an asset to any team due to her positive can do mindset and her ability to think laterally when under pressure. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Pete McCarthy Associate at HOST Somerset January 6, 2017, Lauren and Pete were students together I met Pete at the University’s Trading and Investment club in 2013. Throughout my years in the club I have worked alongside Pete on a number of projects, the most notable of which being Equity Research analysis. As part of the club's committee, Pete was a guiding figure for teams conducting equity research. Many of the younger members were new to the concept and thus Pete provided knowledgeable insight, guidance and mentorship to students of all disciplines throughout the duration of the equity research. As part of the equity research judging panel, Pete was able to provide valuable feedback for individuals, including myself, in terms of how to better their financial analysis and understanding of the company.Pete has always gone above and beyond his required role in the Trading and Investment Club and undoubtedly a role model for the younger students. On occasions when members would have questions and queries about topics covered in talks, Pete was always happy to take the time to explain and discuss further. Pete’s passion for economics and finance is clear to see, both in academia and beyond. Pete’s regular talks at the weekly club meetings as well as his economics and finance focused blog put a refreshing spin on current financial affairs. Pete would be a valuable asset to any company due to his highly motivated mindset, passion, and desire to achieve. I have no doubt that he will be highly successful in his chosen career path. Alex Martin Digital Marketing Specialist at Your Business Freedom✔Lead Generator✔Social Media Marketer✔Growth Maximizer✔ September 9, 2016, Alex worked with Lauren in the same group Alex successfully headed a group of five equity analysts, myself included, for an equity research project based on a 3D printing company, namely, Stratasys. The research spanned a total of three months and at the end the findings were pitched for investment. Throughout the duration, Alex's proved to be an outstanding facilitator, displaying enthusiasm and contributing important analytical expertise and industry insight to the group. Undoubtedly, Alex played a key role in the team's success. Interests Johnston Carmichael Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers 3,573 followers Softcat plc 12,690 followers SOPHIA Search 435 followers Diageo 583,591 followers RBS 2,243 followers Citi 1,270,371 followers See all See all following
More Actions Maximilian has a account Maximilian Arzt-Jones Studying at King's College London Deloitte Switzerland King's College London London, Greater London, United Kingdom 36 36 connections Send InMail - Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Massachusetts Institute of Technology 278,373 followers King's College London 135,965 followers Deloitte Switzerland 12,768 followers Future Leaders - Alumni Group 29 members King's College London 159,015 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology 342,323 followers
More Actions Do has a account Do Kim BMO Capital Markets BMO Capital Markets Columbia Business School Greater New York City Area 410 410 connections Send InMail Highlights Interests The Johns Hopkins University 150,509 followers Nomura 85,002 followers The Johns Hopkins University 137,875 followers BMO Capital Markets 32,327 followers Columbia Business School 74,054 followers Piper Jaffray 17,885 followers See all See all following
More Actions v has a account v archi -- Self-employed uniabuja nigeria Nigeria 16 16 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Interests Event Decor by Impressions 29 followers Airforce Base 374 followers Force 10 Recruitment 966 followers Electrical Design and Installation, Inc. 3,355 followers The Wedding Guru 30 followers Electrical Recruitment Specialists Ltd 7,198 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yue has a account Yue Tang Student at UNSW Australia APP Securities UNSW Australia Pyrmont, New South Wales, Australia 55 55 connections Send InMail A final year student at UNSW studying Commerce and Actuarial studies with majors in finance and business law. Enthusiastic to have workplace experience in market analysis or corporate finance. Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word Microsoft Word No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Stock Valuation Stock Valuation No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Persollo Pty Ltd 97 followers Entrepreneur Media 1,655,828 followers BBC News 2,349,446 followers PwC Australia 65,063 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,943,707 followers Business Insurance 225,747 followers See all See all following
More Actions Art has a account Art Washburn Wealth Manager and Investment Advisor Alpha Omega Wealth Management Virginia Commonwealth University - School of Business Richmond, Virginia Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail My team and I have work with families and individuals to assist in planning and managing their wealth. We also provide investment consulting to corporate investment committees for their 401k plans and foundation assets. Specialties: We manage 5 different model portfolios of stocks and bonds, based on risk tolerance. Our results have been verified and are in compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards, GIPS. See moreSee more of undefined summary Skills Investments Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Services Financial Services Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Planning Strategic Planning Click and drag to reorder skills Nonprofits Nonprofits Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Linda Vines Executive Director of Market Development Greater Virginia Market August 28, 2012, Art worked with Linda but at different companies Linda is excellent at building relationships with people, and is a valuable resource in the community. Her knowledge of different businesses has allowed her to be a very successful development professional. Her compassion for others and her ability to listen are unparalelled. I've worked with her at 2 National organizations for the past 12 years. Interests Kevin O'LearyKevin O&#39;Leary is a LinkedIn Influencer Contributor/Investor at CNBC 729,169 followers Sallie KrawcheckSallie Krawcheck is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Co-Founder of Ellevest 1,815,317 followers Jeff HadenJeff Haden is a LinkedIn Influencer Ghostwriter, Speaker, Inc. Magazine Contributing Editor 897,540 followers Virginia Commonwealth University - School of Business 11,555 followers Wake Forest University 52,577 followers Bill MarriottBill Marriott is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman of the Board at Marriott International 247,220 followers See all See all following
More Actions THAI has a account THAI NGUYEN Managing Director TCF Vietnam Vietnam 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights
More Actions Ying has a account Ying Zhou Yum China - Capital Market Yum! China The Chinese University of Hong Kong Xuhui District, Shanghai, China 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - In charge of listed company's share repurchase strategy & execution; - Assist CFO/Treasurer on overall capital return strategy; - Monitor company's credit profile and assist future debt issuance process; - Assist investor relations function and cash investment function on project basis. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 9 endorsements for Equity Research 9 Equity Research Endorsed by Jerry Yang and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ying’s colleagues at Barclays Investment Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Raymond Mobrez, Ph.D.{1500 +} and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 4 endorsements for Equities 4 Equities Raymond Mobrez, Ph.D.{1500 +} and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Equity Research Analyst TMT - Telecom, Media, Technology 8,805 members Banking Careers 625,922 members Equity Research - Powered by IvyExec.com 31,368 members 北京大学 127,493 followers Equity Research Analysts - A New Beginning - by Spartan Partnership 2,550 members Fosun Group 27,777 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Garrett Director - Investment Group at Brandes Investment Partners Brandes Investment Partners Columbia Business School Greater San Diego Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail A seasoned business executive with international experience on three continents. Extensive background in financial services with over 20 years as an investor with a particular emphasis on global value investing. Have developed well rounded business skills which can be translated into other areas of business management. Brings a fresh and unique perspective to problem solving and is a dedicated team player with a commitment to personal and professional development. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director - Investment Group Company Name Brandes Investment Partners Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Chief Executive Officer/Institutional Portfolio Manager Company Name Brandes Investment Partners (Asia) Pte. Ltd. Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Singapore Serve as an institutional client portfolio manager for International, Global and Emerging Market equity portfolios. Long standing member (15 years) of the Emerging Market Investment Committee (EMIC) which manages Emerging Market and Asia Pacific x Japan equity strategies. In addition to investment committee work, other responsibilities include client relations, consultant relations, business development, and brand building in key region for the group. Promoted from Executive Director to Chief Executive Officer in January 2015 with primary responsibility of building Asian presence for U.S. based parent company. Institutional Portfolio Manager Company Name Brandes Investment Partners Dates Employed Apr 2000 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 12 yrs 5 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Served as an institutional client portfolio manager for International, Global and Emerging Market equity portfolios. Key member of the Emerging Market Investment Committee (EMIC) which managed Emerging Market and Asia Pacific x Japan equity strategies. Former lead product coordinator for EMIC responsible for day to day administration of portfolios. Relocated to Singapore in August 2012 to open and establish new office. Emerging Markets Equity Analyst Company Name Dupont Capital Management Dates Employed Jun 1996 – Mar 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Responsible for seven Asian equity portfolios ($250 million) within Global Emerging Market Equity Portfolio. Perform fundamental research and analysis on existing and prospective equity investments. Recommend and implement ideas for inclusion/exclusion in individual country portfolios. Managed $25 million Asian Special Opportunities Fund in 1998 with absolute return of 80% Program Officer Company Name Black Entrepreneurship Enterprise Support Dates Employed Sep 1994 – Jul 1995 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Performed research and needs analysis of target organizations in SMME business development field. Designed credit and human resource development programs and managed internal management information and project planning systems. See more positions Education Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance/Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Robert Toigo Foundation Fellowship recipient. Selected for the Emerging Market Development Advisors Program (South Africa) for 1994-1995 school year. Member of the Investment Club, Hermes Society, Black Business Students Association Arizona State University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Finance/Real Estate Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1989 Activities and Societies: Intercollegiate Athletics - Participated on 1987 Rose Bowl championship team, Attained recognition for Citibank Athletic Honor Roll and was Pac-10 Student-Athlete Medalist Skills Investments Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Equities Equities Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management Portfolio Management Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Management Investment Management Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Naz Athina Kallel Founder of Save Good Food I Farm To Chef I San Diego's First Marketplace For Ugly & Excess Food July 31, 2013, Naz worked with Chris in the same group Naz was great to work with. She has a great attitude and enjoys interacting with people.....a skill that should be in great demand. Naz was very knowledgeable and was willing to work hard to accomplish her goals. Accomplishments Chris has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests Arizona State University College of Law 30,686 followers Arizona State University College of Law 30,545 followers Arizona State University 405,291 followers CFA Institute Members 69,519 members Save Good Food (Parent Company is EuHerd LLC) 34 followers Arizona State University West 32,156 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sebastián has a account Sebastián González Orellana Research Lead en Evalueserve Evalueserve Universidad de Santiago de Chile Chile 256 256 connections Send InMail English-Spanish-Japanese translator with experience in secondary and equity research, as well as data analysis and mining. Vast experience working with top tier financial institutions and consulting companies from across the world. Eager to learn from different cultures and contexts and to apply the knowledge already acquired into new and exciting opportunities. Fast learner and committed to achieve personal and team goals and near-to-impossible objectives. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Sebastián’s Activity 255 followers With David Galante we ranked as the #2 research team in our sector on the 2017 Reuters Starmine Awards. And as #5 across all Latin America (in a pool of 150+ teams). Diligence and bold calls do pay off, congratulations to all winners! #scotiabank_latam_equities #Reuters_Awards_2017 #stockpickers https://lnkd.in/eqb2jQ6 Sebastián liked See all activity Experience Research Lead Company Name Evalueserve Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Viña del Mar, Región de Valparaíso, Chile Research lead, part of a team working for a top-tier consulting company. Lead the Industrial Goods and Consumer practice area. Senior Research Associate Company Name Evalueserve Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Viña del Mar, Chile Continued providing off-site support to the top tier consulting firm, using the skills and knowledge acquired in my 6 month stay in the client’s offices and developing further insight into the research segment, with particular focus in the Industrial Good practice area. Associate Researcher Company Name Evalueserve Dates Employed May 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Greater Boston Area Relocated for 6 months to work with our, one of the most important and renowned consulting firms in the world in Boston, Massachusetts. I conducted business research and data mining across multiple industries and sectors, with special focus on Consumer, Travel and Tourism, Industrial Goods and Techonology. I supported different analyst with research and analysis for different projects usually with tight deadlines and challenging requests that required an unique approach. Associate Researcher Company Name Evalueserve Dates Employed Jun 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Valparaíso, Chile I conduct business research and data mining across multiple industries and sectors, with special focus on Consumer, Travel and Tourism, Industrial Goods and Techonology. I support different analyst with research and analysis for different projects usually with tight deadlines and challenging requests that require an unique approach. Team Lead Company Name Evalueserve Dates Employed Apr 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Valparaíso, Chile For 1 year I assumed the leadership of the team I was part of. I was responsible, among other topics, of resources, schedules, risks and issues management, as well as for the setting of goals and objectives related to client satisfaction. It also fell under my responsibilities the maintenance of daily worksheets and trackers used for internal and external purposes, the time management control and the quality assurance of the deliverables and projects we prepared as a team. See more positions Education Universidad de Santiago de Chile Degree Name Traductor Field Of Study Español, Inglés, Japonés Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: President Student Council English-Japanese Translation Course Universidad de Santiago de Chile Degree Name English Japanese Translation Field Of Study English Spanish Japanese Translation Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Volunteer Experience President Alumni Association, English Japanese Translation Company Name Universidad de Santiago de Chile Dates volunteered Mar 2005 – Mar 2007 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Cause Politics I helped develop and strengthen the alumni association for my career, English-Japanese Translation. I worked in the creation of a strong relationship between the administrative and the students bodies of the career. Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 8 endorsements for Data Analysis 8 Data Analysis Endorsed by 7 of Sebastián’s colleagues at Evalueserve Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 5 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 5 Microsoft Excel Endorsed by 5 of Sebastián’s colleagues at Evalueserve Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 5 endorsements for Research 5 Research Endorsed by 5 of Sebastián’s colleagues at Evalueserve Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sebastián has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Inglés Japonés Portugués Interests Manus Group Consultores 494 followers Activo.uy 1,821 followers Intelligens LLC 530 followers Universidad de Santiago de Chile 74,485 followers Universidad de Santiago de Chile 79,600 followers Evalueserve 36,420 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yingying has a account Yingying Tang Equity research associate in Macquarie Securities 麦格理集团 ESCP Europe Hong Kong 93 93 connections Send InMail Highlights Experience Associate analyst in Macquarie Securities Company Name 麦格理集团 Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Shanghai Renewable sector in HK stock market including wind, solar and nuclear.Write sector/company reports and updates, build financial models and reply clients’ requests. Associate analyst Company Name UOB Kay Hian Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Shanghai Energy & utility sector in HK stock market, including coal, IPP, city gas distribution, oilfieldservices, power equipment, wind and nuclear. Business Risk and Control Management/Project Management Assistant (Internship) Company Name 汇丰 Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Paris, France Conducted operational risk tests by sampling transactions of Trade and Guarantees, detecting failures, rating risk level and writing reports. Education ESCP Europe Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 HHL Leipzig Graduate School of Management Degree Name Exchange program Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 中山大学 Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Field Of Study French language and literature Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Minor in Marketing Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Yingying has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese (mandarin) English French Yingying has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Level III candidate Interests ESCP Europe 71,365 followers 中山大学 57,910 followers ESCP Europe 60,663 followers Macquarie Group 156,043 followers HHL Leipzig Graduate School of Management 4,198 followers HHL Leipzig Graduate School of Management 5,349 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ying has a account Ying Zhou Yum China - Capital Market Yum! China The Chinese University of Hong Kong Xuhui District, Shanghai, China 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - In charge of listed company's share repurchase strategy & execution; - Assist CFO/Treasurer on overall capital return strategy; - Monitor company's credit profile and assist future debt issuance process; - Assist investor relations function and cash investment function on project basis. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow Ying’s Articles 515 followers Hiring - Capital Market Manager (Shanghai) ~Feel free to refer your friends~ Ying Zhou on LinkedIn Publish dateFebruary 27, 2017 See all articles Experience Capital Market Company Name Yum! China Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Shanghai City, China - In charge of listed company's share repurchase strategy & execution;- Assist CFO/Treasurer on overall capital return strategy;- Monitor company's credit profile and assist future debt issuance process;- Assist investor relations function and cash investment function on project basis. Investment Director Company Name Fosun Capital Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Shanghai City, China Media (1) This position has 1 media Joyce Zhou - May 2016 Joyce Zhou - May 2016 This media is a document Equity research analyst - Telecom, Media & Internet Company Name Barclays Capital Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos First two years worked on Asia ex-Japan telecom sector with focus on Greater China telecom companies. Since October 2013 transferred to internet & media sector focusing on China internet companies listed in US and Hong Kong Equity Research Analyst - Telecom/Auto/Healthcare Company Name BNP Paribas Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Hong Kong Education The Chinese University of Hong Kong Degree Name Master of Philosophy (M.Phil.) Field Of Study Financial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Peking University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Statistics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Equity Research See 9 endorsements for Equity Research 9 Equity Research Endorsed by Jerry Yang and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ying’s colleagues at Barclays Investment Bank Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Modeling See 5 endorsements for Financial Modeling 5 Financial Modeling Raymond Mobrez, Ph.D.{1500 +} and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Equities See 4 endorsements for Equities 4 Equities Raymond Mobrez, Ph.D.{1500 +} and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ying has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese Chinese English Interests Equity Research Analyst Career Opportunities 2,813 members The Chinese University of Hong Kong 72,462 followers 北京大学 127,493 followers Banking Careers 625,922 members Equity Valuation 317 members Global Equity Research 14,441 members See all See all following
More Actions Art has a account Art Washburn Wealth Manager and Investment Advisor Alpha Omega Wealth Management Virginia Commonwealth University - School of Business Richmond, Virginia Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail My team and I have work with families and individuals to assist in planning and managing their wealth. We also provide investment consulting to corporate investment committees for their 401k plans and foundation assets. Specialties: We manage 5 different model portfolios of stocks and bonds, based on risk tolerance. Our results have been verified and are in compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards, GIPS. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Company Name Alpha Omega Wealth Management Dates Employed May 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 2 mos I have been in the financial services industry for over 20 years. Board Chair VA Chapter Company Name Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Dates Employed 2008 – 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs First Vice President Company Name Alexander Key Investments Dates Employed May 2003 – May 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Board Chair Company Name American Heart Association Dates Employed 2004 – 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs First Vice President Company Name Prudential Securities Dates Employed Feb 1992 – May 2003 Employment Duration 11 yrs 4 mos Education Virginia Commonwealth University - School of Business Degree Name MBA Wake Forest University Degree Name BA Field Of Study philosophy Activities and Societies: Chi Psi Fraternity Skills Investments Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Financial Services Financial Services Click and drag to reorder skills Strategic Planning Strategic Planning Click and drag to reorder skills Nonprofits Nonprofits Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Linda Vines Executive Director of Market Development Greater Virginia Market August 28, 2012, Art worked with Linda but at different companies Linda is excellent at building relationships with people, and is a valuable resource in the community. Her knowledge of different businesses has allowed her to be a very successful development professional. Her compassion for others and her ability to listen are unparalelled. I've worked with her at 2 National organizations for the past 12 years. Accomplishments Art has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CIMA-Certified Investment Managment Analyst Art has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Investment Management Consultants Association
More Actions Michelle has a account Michelle Parnes Director, Institutional Equity Sales at Telsey Advisory Group Telsey Advisory Group New York, New York 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Garrett Director - Investment Group at Brandes Investment Partners Brandes Investment Partners Columbia Business School Greater San Diego Area 500+ 500+ connections Send InMail A seasoned business executive with international experience on three continents. Extensive background in financial services with over 20 years as an investor with a particular emphasis on global value investing. Have developed well rounded business skills which can be translated into other areas of business management. Brings a fresh and unique perspective to problem solving and is a dedicated team player with a commitment to personal and professional development. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director - Investment Group Company Name Brandes Investment Partners Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Chief Executive Officer/Institutional Portfolio Manager Company Name Brandes Investment Partners (Asia) Pte. Ltd. Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Singapore Serve as an institutional client portfolio manager for International, Global and Emerging Market equity portfolios. Long standing member (15 years) of the Emerging Market Investment Committee (EMIC) which manages Emerging Market and Asia Pacific x Japan equity strategies. In addition to investment committee work, other responsibilities include client relations, consultant relations, business development, and brand building in key region for the group. Promoted from Executive Director to Chief Executive Officer in January 2015 with primary responsibility of building Asian presence for U.S. based parent company. Institutional Portfolio Manager Company Name Brandes Investment Partners Dates Employed Apr 2000 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 12 yrs 5 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Served as an institutional client portfolio manager for International, Global and Emerging Market equity portfolios. Key member of the Emerging Market Investment Committee (EMIC) which managed Emerging Market and Asia Pacific x Japan equity strategies. Former lead product coordinator for EMIC responsible for day to day administration of portfolios. Relocated to Singapore in August 2012 to open and establish new office. Emerging Markets Equity Analyst Company Name Dupont Capital Management Dates Employed Jun 1996 – Mar 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Responsible for seven Asian equity portfolios ($250 million) within Global Emerging Market Equity Portfolio. Perform fundamental research and analysis on existing and prospective equity investments. Recommend and implement ideas for inclusion/exclusion in individual country portfolios. Managed $25 million Asian Special Opportunities Fund in 1998 with absolute return of 80% Program Officer Company Name Black Entrepreneurship Enterprise Support Dates Employed Sep 1994 – Jul 1995 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Johannesburg Area, South Africa Performed research and needs analysis of target organizations in SMME business development field. Designed credit and human resource development programs and managed internal management information and project planning systems. See more positions Education Columbia Business School Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Finance/Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Robert Toigo Foundation Fellowship recipient. Selected for the Emerging Market Development Advisors Program (South Africa) for 1994-1995 school year. Member of the Investment Club, Hermes Society, Black Business Students Association Arizona State University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Finance/Real Estate Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1989 Activities and Societies: Intercollegiate Athletics - Participated on 1987 Rose Bowl championship team, Attained recognition for Citibank Athletic Honor Roll and was Pac-10 Student-Athlete Medalist Skills Investments Investments Click and drag to reorder skills Equities Equities Click and drag to reorder skills Portfolio Management Portfolio Management Click and drag to reorder skills Investment Management Investment Management Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Naz Athina Kallel Founder of Save Good Food I Farm To Chef I San Diego's First Marketplace For Ugly & Excess Food July 31, 2013, Naz worked with Chris in the same group Naz was great to work with. She has a great attitude and enjoys interacting with people.....a skill that should be in great demand. Naz was very knowledgeable and was willing to work hard to accomplish her goals. Accomplishments Chris has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification CFA Interests Sports Business Journal/Daily 48,926 members Arizona State University 385,207 followers UWC South East Asia 2,290 followers Arizona State University West 32,274 followers Investment Professionals Network - Asset Management, Trading & Hedge Funds 17,723 members Executive Sports Professionals 1,019 members See all See all following
