More Actions Alex has a account Alex Chiomny Hardware Engineer Semtech Ben-Gurion University of the Negev Kanata, Ontario, Canada 278 278 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights of qualifications:Full product development and integration from the concept to a mass production.Projects involving multi-discipline engineering environment.Engineering sourcing; design of analog, digital and power circuits; hardware bringup and debug.Design and support projects based on embedded processors (RT and linux).High speed and signal integrity HW analysis/simulation/design.Components characterization, and lab automation.Always ready to study a new technical or engineering discipline. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Alex’s Activity 279 followers Laminate material characterization for high speed applications Alex liked We are looking for a part-time Office Administrator to support our Kanata (Ottawa) design center. For more information, please message me on Linkedin. Alex liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Hardware Development See 2 endorsements for Hardware Development 2 Hardware Development Alex Shevachman and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Product Testing See 2 endorsements for Product Testing 2 Product Testing Alex Shevachman and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 4 endorsements for Embedded Systems 4 Embedded Systems Alexander Sidorov and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet.
More Actions Yiming has a account Yiming Shen RF Hardware Engineer Ericsson Concordia University Ottawa, Canada Area 285 285 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Team player, great communication skill, strong sense of priority, 10 years experience in RF circuit design. My expertise includes:----Advanced High Power High Efficiency RF Power Amplifier Architecture. ----RF Power Transistor Technology(LDMOS, GaN, and etc).----RF Passive/ Active Circuit Simulation(both 2D and 3D).----RF Test Automation and Data Analysis Automation----RF Test Equipment(Vector Network Analyzer, Spectrum Analyzer, Signal Generator, Power Meter, and etc.) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Yiming’s Activity 287 followers The 1st Load Modulation PA Book to be Published with Artech House Yiming liked See all activity Skills Wireless Wireless Click and drag to reorder skills Telecommunications Telecommunications Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab Matlab Click and drag to reorder skills RF RF Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests RF Transceiver Circuit and Systems 2,196 members Concordia University 185,162 followers Power Amplifier Design Issue 1,089 members Concordia University 174,921 followers Board level RF and Microwave circuit designers 6,791 members LTE (Long Term Evolution) - 3GPP 133,117 members See all See all following
More Actions Hardware Engineer has a account Hardware Engineer Rakesh -- India 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Pulse 1,535,145 followers India 46,700,809 followers
More Actions Barry has a account Barry Weinberger Senior Hardware Engineer at Curtiss-Wright Defense Curtiss-Wright Defense Solutions Fairleigh Dickinson University Washington D.C. Metro Area 486 486 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A Senior Hardware Design Engineer specializing in the development of ruggedized avionic embedded digital hardware with extensive experience in the full life-cycle including requirements definition, design architecture, schematic capture, integration and test. Emphasis on environmental and EMI testing coupled with a "first time right” design approach.• Expertise in ruggedized embedded digital hardware from design through test & integration• Proficient in Signal Integrity analysis using HyperLynx simulation tools• Experienced in testing and certification to MIL-STD-810 and MIL-STD-461, DO-160, and FCCTechnical Expertise:Tool Suites: OrCAD Capture, HyperLynx Signal IntegrityProcessor Families: Intel x86, OMAP 35xx, PowerQuiCC, ARMBusses / Interfaces: PCI, DDR, Ethernet, USB, SPI, I2C, SDIO/SD/eMMC, MIL-STD-1553B See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jacob Morgan Electrical Engineer at TTI Floorcare November 26, 2015, Barry worked with Jacob in different groups Engineering excellence is what thirsts this young man.I have come to know Jake at Rockwell Collins through an almost weekly collaboration effort during the past several months.Jake has a keen eye for detail, meticulously scrutinizing Engineering documentation from requirements definition through schematics and test procedures. Jake has the knowledge and passion to resolve problems quickly, keeping Engineering production on-time through deliveries and critical deadlines.I was overly impressed when Jake shared with me his quadrature modulator project which he designed as a co-op while pursuing his EE degree.Not only did Jake conceptualize this design, which included RF, mixed signal, digital, and power distribution, but he captured the design, performed the board layout, and developed the VHDL firmware. This was certainly no small feat and one that would rival the skills of a Senior Hardware Engineer.Overall, it gives me immense gratification working with Jake for he is an enthusiastic individual who is passionate about his job.He would be a welcomed asset to any high-tech Engineering firm and I commend and recommend him to you without exception or reservation. Interests Hardware Board Design Engineers 2,589 members Fairleigh Dickinson University 75,990 followers Curtiss-Wright Defense Solutions 2,439 followers Signal Integrity 1,856 members Fairleigh Dickinson University 73,531 followers Pulse 1,535,145 followers See all See all following
More Actions Javier has a account Javier Marto PCB Design Engineer - Electronic Engineer - Hardware Engineer Helsinki, Southern Finland, Finland 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm an electronic Engineer with a mayor in digital systems and minor in power electronics. I have more than 4 years of experience and expertise in high frequency hardware/PCB design and layout. Expertise and experience with: Analog, digital and RF designs;High-Density Interconnect (HDI)— micro via, via-in-pad, fine-line;From simple to high density boards multilayers board;Controlled time of flights, impedance matching and Cross-talk reduction, signal integrity analysis;DDR3: T-Branch and flyby topology;DDR2:EMC;Signal and power integrity simulations;Hardware validation and debugging;Simulations: HyperLynx SI/PI, CST, LTSpice, PSim, simulink, MATLAB;Firmware programming and debugging (PIC, msp430, ARM Cortex M4);Programming languages: C, C++, Python, MATLAB;HDL: Verilog; See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Javier’s Activity 667 followers Con gran orgullo ayer 09.05.2017 firmamos primer MoU para la academia Huawei en Chile con la universidad N 1 en ciencias y tecnología . HUAWEI + UTFSM . Huawei Technologies Red de Ex Alumnos de la UTFSM Javier liked Sorry, But too much ppt Will Not help to scale IOT. eLTE huawei, Iot empowered by us Huawei Technologies Javier liked Laboratorio ANDES: Nueva Ciencia en Latinoamérica: Claudio Dib at TEDxUTFSM Javier liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics See 33 endorsements for Electronics 33 Electronics Endorsed by 4 of Javier’s colleagues at Embarcados Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 25 endorsements for Embedded Systems 25 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Henrique Rossi and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Javier’s colleagues at Embarcados Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware See 22 endorsements for Hardware 22 Hardware Yauheni Karatsevich and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 37 more View 37 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Danaher Sensors and Controls 5,110 followers Edgefx Technologies 5,657 followers Boston Dynamics 13,689 followers Continental 233,971 followers Innokas Medical 691 followers Texas Instruments 231,489 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jonathan has a account Jonathan zhou Senior Hardware Engineer at Legrand Legrand.Jonathan Shenzhen University Shenzhen City, Guangdong, China 305 305 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an ambitious and results-driven person who is confident and focused on achieving the best. I am well organized in my work and manage my time very well in the workplace. I work well under pressure, in a team or on my own and enjoy new challenges. I am confident person who can communicate all levels and always punctual for work. And, I seek an opportunity to join a forward-thinking and well established company where I can use all my skills and contribute effectively and efficiently the further development of the company’s goals and objectives.my occupational plan is to be project manager or director in R&D department for the next two or three years. i believe the following summarizing is my particular specific advantages.i am just keep going and step by step to reach my goal.1、I am a 12 years-experienced consumer electronics engineer and technical personnel with strong electronic circuit theory knowledge, and familiar with VCD / DVD / PDA / LCD TV / Boom box /Car audio/video Products working & circuitry principles； 2、I have lots of experiences with PCB Layout and products performance improvement. and in using PADS / POWER PCB & Logic and ORCAD professionally, and many EMI/EMC performance improving practical experiences with electronics products;3、I am familiar with the chip vendor's products (Mstar/Terawins/Allwinner,etc.), also have some Information of various manufacturers products(CVT/Cultraview/siviton,etc.),and some comprehensive information and knowledge about this field as well; 4、I have some research & development project management experiences of the products, familiar with the hardware project management , product development and production processes;5、I have experienced with a complete hardware development cycle process of VCD/DVD/TV/Car Audio Products which includes proactive-planning, device choosing, schematic design, PCB layout, system debugging, etc; See moreSee more of undefined summary Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Free Online Recruitment Training 712 followers Food & Beverages 3,376,249 followers IBM 3,427,400 followers Electrical and Electronics Engineers 30,851 members Piper Jaffray 17,694 followers Hardware Board Design Engineers 2,589 members See all See all following
More Actions Cornel has a account Cornel Mercea Senior Hardware Designer at Lumotune Inc. Lumotune Inc. Politehnica University of Timisoara Kitchener, Canada Area 480 480 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm an Electronics Engineer with 15 years experience in design, manufacturing and validation. I am exceptionally creative, self-motivated and perseverant; a winning combinations that empowers me to find solutions to the most delicate problems that arise during the various stages of design and manufacturing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Cornel’s Activity 477 followers Bine spus! Cornel liked First paralysed human treated with stem cells has now regained his upper body movement Cornel liked Loyal employees are worth MUCH MORE than their weight in gold. Cornel liked "it doesn’t make sense to hire smart people and tell them what to do" Cornel liked Here is Why You Get MORE than What You Pay For. Cornel liked Apple Loop Cornel liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Testing See 69 endorsements for Testing 69 Testing Endorsed by Catalin Vranceanu and 14 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Cornel’s colleagues at Lumotune Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 55 endorsements for Electronics 55 Electronics Endorsed by Catalin Vranceanu and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Cornel’s colleagues at Lumotune Click and drag to reorder skills Wireless See 53 endorsements for Wireless 53 Wireless Brian Wells and 52 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (4) Pawan Premi, P.Eng, PMP Senior Hardware Designer, IOT September 21, 2015, Pawan managed Cornel directly Cornel is a very dedicated, diligent, and hard working professional. I've had the opportunity to work with Cornel for the past five years. His can-do attitude, analytical and communication skills, ability to stay focused and offer innovative solutions makes him a valuable team member. Cornel is enthusiastic, personable and very passionate about his work, I would recommend him highly. Ralph Stacey Teaching Part Time at Conestoga College October 4, 2013, Ralph managed Cornel directly Cornel is a technical expert regarding hardware problem analysis and root cause resolution. This takes determination and resourcefulness to isolate problems and communicate clearly the issue and corrective action. He’s capable of handling multiple and complex tasks with resilience, innovation and initiative. Cornel worked diligently to amass a wealth of knowledge on BlackBerry technologies and from there expanded into new realms generating multiple patents. He has a can-do attitude that influences his peers in a very positive way. Darshak Patel Mechatronics Engineering Student at University of Waterloo January 12, 2017, Cornel managed Darshak directly I had the pleasure of working with Darshak on a very interesting and challenging project at Lumotune. Darshak demonstrated a strong understanding of the whole system and he amazed me every single time with how quickly he developed solutions for challenging problems, with minimum supervision. Darshak knows how to motivate and engage other team members when the completion of tasks depends on them, and has demonstrated excellent leadership. He has proven to be a real talent, with his adaptability, focus, and dedication towards his work. Darshak is able to learn extremely easily, a gift that empowers him to achieve great results for any company he is working for. Tian Zeng Waterloo Mechatronics Engineering Student November 4, 2015, Cornel managed Tian directly I had the pleasure of working as Tian's team lead at Lumotune and witnessed his talent in the field of electronics design first hand. He demonstrated both a strong understanding of the whole design process and strong hands on experience in creating and maintaining the design’s components (schematic, layout, firmware, testing). I have always appreciated Tian’s ability to think out-of-the-box and his desire to continuously optimize the system. I believe that Tian would be a great asset to any team View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Interests Thalmic Labs 5,566 followers Romanians in Canada 957 members Hardware Engineers - Bringup, Validation, Unit Testing, Debugging, Firmware 4,865 members University of Waterloo Nanotechnology Engineering Alumni 487 members Investia Services Financiers Inc. / Investia Financial Services Inc. 506 followers Leadership & Management 24,847,462 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hardware has a account Hardware Engineer Student at BPSC DESARI BPSC DESARI Vaishali, Bihar, India 12 12 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Pulse 1,535,146 followers India 46,700,837 followers
More Actions Taylor has a account Taylor Sanchez Hardware Engineer II Teradata Cal State San Bernardino San Diego, California 175 175 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am self motivated and love problem solving. I enjoy learning new tools and solutions to solve difficult problems. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Linux See 39 endorsements for Linux 39 Linux Macklin Lee and 38 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Operating Systems See 25 endorsements for Operating Systems 25 Operating Systems Macklin Lee and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bash See 19 endorsements for Bash 19 Bash Macklin Lee and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests ViaSat Inc. 24,822 followers Apple 3,419,260 followers ReconRobotics, Inc. 818 followers Teradata 143,423 followers CSUSB 5,165 followers MIT Technology Review 189,008 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gordon has a account Gordon Tsao Hardware Engineer Taiwan 19 19 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Big Ideas & Innovation 21,853,976 followers NVIDIA 208,868 followers Recode 723,535 followers Dell 1,419,319 followers Harvard Business Review 4,098,951 followers Ferrari 340,382 followers See all See all following
More Actions Taylor has a account Taylor Sanchez Hardware Engineer II Teradata Cal State San Bernardino San Diego, California 175 175 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am self motivated and love problem solving. I enjoy learning new tools and solutions to solve difficult problems. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Linux See 39 endorsements for Linux 39 Linux Macklin Lee and 38 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Operating Systems See 25 endorsements for Operating Systems 25 Operating Systems Macklin Lee and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Bash See 19 endorsements for Bash 19 Bash Macklin Lee and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Engadget 644,675 followers HP 2,446,927 followers New Mexico Consortium 673 followers Northrop Grumman 305,279 followers Loma Linda University 22,332 followers Hewlett Packard Enterprise 2,454,257 followers See all See all following
More Actions Cornel has a account Cornel Mercea Senior Hardware Designer at Lumotune Inc. Lumotune Inc. Politehnica University of Timisoara Kitchener, Canada Area 480 480 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm an Electronics Engineer with 15 years experience in design, manufacturing and validation. I am exceptionally creative, self-motivated and perseverant; a winning combinations that empowers me to find solutions to the most delicate problems that arise during the various stages of design and manufacturing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Cornel’s Activity 477 followers Bine spus! Cornel liked First paralysed human treated with stem cells has now regained his upper body movement Cornel liked Loyal employees are worth MUCH MORE than their weight in gold. Cornel liked "it doesn’t make sense to hire smart people and tell them what to do" Cornel liked Here is Why You Get MORE than What You Pay For. Cornel liked Apple Loop Cornel liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Testing See 69 endorsements for Testing 69 Testing Endorsed by Mike Milliner and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Cornel’s colleagues at Lumotune Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 55 endorsements for Electronics 55 Electronics Endorsed by Catalin Vranceanu and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Cornel’s colleagues at Lumotune Click and drag to reorder skills Wireless See 53 endorsements for Wireless 53 Wireless Brian Wells and 52 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (4) Pawan Premi, P.Eng, PMP Senior Hardware Designer, IOT September 21, 2015, Pawan managed Cornel directly Cornel is a very dedicated, diligent, and hard working professional. I've had the opportunity to work with Cornel for the past five years. His can-do attitude, analytical and communication skills, ability to stay focused and offer innovative solutions makes him a valuable team member. Cornel is enthusiastic, personable and very passionate about his work, I would recommend him highly. Ralph Stacey Teaching Part Time at Conestoga College October 4, 2013, Ralph managed Cornel directly Cornel is a technical expert regarding hardware problem analysis and root cause resolution. This takes determination and resourcefulness to isolate problems and communicate clearly the issue and corrective action. He’s capable of handling multiple and complex tasks with resilience, innovation and initiative. Cornel worked diligently to amass a wealth of knowledge on BlackBerry technologies and from there expanded into new realms generating multiple patents. He has a can-do attitude that influences his peers in a very positive way. Darshak Patel Mechatronics Engineering Student at University of Waterloo January 12, 2017, Cornel managed Darshak directly I had the pleasure of working with Darshak on a very interesting and challenging project at Lumotune. Darshak demonstrated a strong understanding of the whole system and he amazed me every single time with how quickly he developed solutions for challenging problems, with minimum supervision. Darshak knows how to motivate and engage other team members when the completion of tasks depends on them, and has demonstrated excellent leadership. He has proven to be a real talent, with his adaptability, focus, and dedication towards his work. Darshak is able to learn extremely easily, a gift that empowers him to achieve great results for any company he is working for. Tian Zeng Waterloo Mechatronics Engineering Student November 4, 2015, Cornel managed Tian directly I had the pleasure of working as Tian's team lead at Lumotune and witnessed his talent in the field of electronics design first hand. He demonstrated both a strong understanding of the whole design process and strong hands on experience in creating and maintaining the design’s components (schematic, layout, firmware, testing). I have always appreciated Tian’s ability to think out-of-the-box and his desire to continuously optimize the system. I believe that Tian would be a great asset to any team View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Interests Entrepreneurship 16,575,348 followers Thalmic Labs 5,566 followers Communitech 6,912 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,853,980 followers Investia Services Financiers Inc. / Investia Financial Services Inc. 506 followers A STARTUP SPECIALISTS GROUP Online Global Network for Entrepreneurs,Startups (Business Jobs Careers) 318,040 members See all See all following
More Actions Krishnamurthy has a account Krishnamurthy Yeleswarapu Graphics Hardware Engineer at Intel Corporation Intel Corporation Georgia Institute of Technology Sacramento, California Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a graduate student in Electrical and Computer Engineering at Georgia Tech, with interests in semiconductor device physics and fabrication, circuit design and computer architecture. My current research involves studying the impact of TSV induced mechanical stress on the electrical performance of a transistor, using TCAD process and device simulation. My Bachelor's degree is in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering from the University of Mumbai.I have previously worked as a programmer/analyst at Tata Consultancy Services on two of their Capital Markets solutions (Market Infrastructure and Securities Trading). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements C See 33 endorsements for C 33 C Endorsed by Prashant Nair and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Krishnamurthy’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Architecture See 20 endorsements for Computer Architecture 20 Computer Architecture Endorsed by Prashant Nair, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Krishnamurthy’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Perl See 19 endorsements for Perl 19 Perl Endorsed by 2 of Krishnamurthy’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 33 more View 33 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Bhanu Pratap Singh Change Catalyst - Government and Public Sector Services March 31, 2014, Krishnamurthy and Bhanu Pratap were students together I met Bhanu not long after we started studying engineering, and soon enough, in working for the IEEE student chapter of our college (IEEE-RAIT), we found that we complemented each other very well. In addition to working for IEEE-RAIT, we worked on a number of things together, including building robots and competing in robotics competitions, writing and presenting papers in technical events around the city, as well as our final year engineering project.Bhanu brought very good leadership and organizational qualities to all the activities we were involved in, taking charge when required, but also, stepping back when appropriate. Additionally, he brought a fresh and valuable point of view, which enabled us to take better decisions. It was also very easy to work with him, as he was able to gain a working understanding of things pretty quickly, and we'd find ourselves on the same page and pulling in the same direction more often than not.His primary strengths (in addition to the ones listed above), in my humble opinion, are a focus on execution, and an attention to detail. Priyanka Khera Business Manager, Reliance Brands Limited March 20, 2010, Krishnamurthy and Priyanka were students together I studied with Priyanka through Secondary school and High school. Priyanka is an intelligent girl, and also diligent and hard-working. Not only is she clear of her goals, but also of the ways and means to achieve them. She has clarity of thought which usually lead to good results. She is also very punctual. I remember her being felicitated for not missing a single day of school (6th or 7th grade, not sure which one). Pretty much sums her up, really. Interests SemiconductorJobs.com Group 52,225 members Multicore & Parallel Computing 15,519 members University of Mumbai Alumni 4,006 members Oracle 2,119,532 followers Cisco 1,440,111 followers LG Electronics 286,910 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bo has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Bo Zhang Hardware Engineer, HoloLens Microsoft Microsoft University of Michigan Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Physics See 21 endorsements for Physics 21 Physics Endorsed by Brennan Pursley, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Bo’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills Characterization See 16 endorsements for Characterization 16 Characterization Endorsed by 9 of Bo’s colleagues at University of Michigan Click and drag to reorder skills Nanofabrication See 13 endorsements for Nanofabrication 13 Nanofabrication Endorsed by 8 of Bo’s colleagues at University of Michigan Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Mayo Clinic Health System in Eau Claire 7,330 followers 南开大学 38,977 followers Spansion is Cypress Semiconductor 7,840 followers Medtronic 410,864 followers SanDisk® 94,065 followers Google Analytics 114,132 members See all See all following
More Actions Ali has a account Ali Berjaoui Electrical Hardware Engineer/ Product Manager FEV North America, Inc. University of Michigan-Dearborn Warren, Michigan 436 436 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Prior to my Engineering career, I was in the sales and management industry for approximately 7 years, and gained a great deal of experience and knowledge in that field. I managed and trained sales teams in competitive sales environments. Motivated sales teams, and acquired a very large clientele base. The majority of my sales career was in mobile technology and it was going really well but I became interested in how the product worked much more than interested in selling the product. I completed an Electrical Engineering bachelor’s degree from the University of Michigan Dearborn, graduating with Honors with High Distinction. My passion is in circuit design, especially in advanced/ new technology. I am gradually becoming more passionate about the software programming in the hardware design as I am learning it. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ali’s Activity 435 followers NASA Sends Satellite Developed by UK Students, Faculty to Space Ali liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Selling See 7 endorsements for Selling 7 Selling Endorsed by 2 of Ali’s colleagues at Ford Motor Company Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 14 endorsements for Management 14 Management Endorsed by 2 of Ali’s colleagues at Ford Motor Company Click and drag to reorder skills Pre-Programming IC's See 4 endorsements for Pre-Programming IC's 4 Pre-Programming IC's Edo Omanovic and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Macomb Community College 48,167 followers FEV Europe GmbH 7,657 followers FEV North America, Inc. 8,015 followers University of Michigan-Dearborn 34,894 followers HARMAN International 76,902 followers LG Electronics 286,910 followers See all See all following
More Actions Wren has a account Wren Dougherty Hardware Engineer at Airbnb Airbnb Samara Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent The only thing I love more than good, clean, smart hardware design is using it to build a cooler future. In both jobs and side projects, I've designed and produced electronic systems to smear the line between the physical and technological world, with an emphasis in biological systems.When not bathing in the glow of computer screens or inhaling the sweet, illicit scent of leaded solder, I'm usually out kiteboarding, sailing, biking, or training at Aerials, Jiu Jitsu, or yoga. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Electrical Engineering See 31 endorsements for Electrical Engineering 31 Electrical Engineering Endorsed by 3 of Wren’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 20 endorsements for Matlab 20 Matlab Endorsed by Josh Stroud, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Wren’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills C See 14 endorsements for C 14 C Endorsed by Josh Stroud, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Wren’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Disruptive Women 4,671 members Proteus Digital Health, Inc 5,588 followers stealth mode start-up 615 followers Stanford University 435,559 followers uBeam 2,278 followers Digital Health 67,322 members See all See all following
More Actions Xiaoyu has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Xiaoyu Miao Building things at Playground Global (we are hiring!) Stealth Startup University of Washington San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent At Playground Xiaoyu is responsible for leading its engineering effort around optics, imaging, and vision, providing strategic direction and mentorship to its portfolio companies. He focuses on building platform technologies for emerging hardware and helping entrepreneurs navigate their journey from concept to product success. He also participates in Playground's effort on venture side and serve on its investment committee.Xiaoyu was with Google from 2010 to 2015 where he was a staff hardware engineer and tech lead manager. He was one of the founding engineers of Project Glass. He designed and developed the miniaturized near-eye display for Google Glass in the early days of the program which largely enabled it to transition from R&D phase to full-fledged product development. He built and led a multidisciplinary team to design and develop critical aspects of imaging including optics, image sensor, camera module, system integration, image quality assessment, vendor development, and manufacturing testing. He then joined the robotics and automation division at Google, and focused on developing the depth sensing technology for robotic applications. Xiaoyu graduated with PhD in Electrical Engineering from the University of Washington in 2008, and BS in Precision Instruments from Tsinghua University in 2003. To date he has been awarded over 30 patents for his inventions and has another 20+ pending. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Xiaoyu’s Activity 1,494 followers Top 10 Global Accelerators for Overseas Startups Xiaoyu liked 'Smart' pool startup lands major retail deal, shows off Palo Alto incubator where it was hatched - Silicon Valley Business Journal Xiaoyu liked Meet Owl Labs Xiaoyu liked Lighthouse’s New Smart Camera Is Like An AI-Infused Dropcam Xiaoyu liked Introducing Lighthouse Xiaoyu liked Lighthouse tells you what happens in your home when you’re not there Xiaoyu commented See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Optics See 69 endorsements for Optics 69 Optics Endorsed by Torben B. Andersen and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Xiaoyu’s colleagues at Playground Global Click and drag to reorder skills Physics See 38 endorsements for Physics 38 Physics Endorsed by Igal Brener and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Xiaoyu’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills R&D See 31 endorsements for R&D 31 R&D Alex Teichman and 30 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Tsinghua University Alumni Group 13,570 members VentureBeat 277,711 followers TechCrunch 1,619,642 followers Harvard Business Review 4,098,957 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,597,392 followers Computational Photography 1,577 members See all See all following
More Actions Joseph has a account Joseph Gallo Hardware Engineer EMC University of Vermont Santa Clara, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I have always been interested in how things work, and through engineering I was able to incorporate that curiosity into a career about which I am passionate and incredibly dedicated. I began as a hardware engineer at EMC Corporation headquarters in Massachusetts to become more familiar with the inner workings of servers through Hardware validation. The knowledge I learned in this first position was critical to my growth as an engineer because I was able to understand the entire customer solution before I started working on individual pieces of it. After about one year, EMC moved me out to their Santa Clara branch where I was able to use the information I learned in Massachusetts and apply it to new server designs. Throughout my time at EMC, I am continuously evolving as an engineer and am able to use my original curiosity and passion to build my knowledge base tremendously. In my short career, I have been able to learn and master tasks such as; board design, board bring up, root causing field failures, and interfacing with suppliers. I am always motivated to learn more and develop myself as a valuable asset to my employers. As such an individual, I have recently begun to acquire a master’s degree in software engineering at Brandeis University. I look forward to advancing my knowledge base in order to improve myself, and my understanding of the entire product I help to create. In addition to my engineering career, I have been serving my country in the Army National Guard since 2011. This service has taught me to always improve myself and to take care of my teammates. Being prepared has helped me to successfully navigate through unforeseen road blocks. I apply my work ethic from the military to my engineer career. I have learned there is no substitute to hard work, clear communication and decision making within a team. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Joseph’s Activity 629 followers Majorwise and Packetized Energy Win 2017 LaunchVT Joseph liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Military See 12 endorsements for Military 12 Military Endorsed by 7 of Joseph’s colleagues at University of Vermont Click and drag to reorder skills Security Clearance See 9 endorsements for Security Clearance 9 Security Clearance Annemarie Buchanan and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 16 endorsements for Leadership 16 Leadership Endorsed by 5 of Joseph’s colleagues at University of Vermont Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (0) ali abedini Hardware Engineer at Dell EMC October 10, 2016, ali was senior to Joseph but didn’t manage directly Joe is a proactive and diligent engineer with in-depth knowledge in troubleshooting, installing and designing data storage systems and servers. He is a team player and possesses outstanding interpersonal and communication skills. He is well-respected by his co-workers and fun to work with. Victor C. Hardware Engineer IV August 29, 2016, Victor was senior to Joseph but didn’t manage directly I found Joe to be an extremely bright and perceptive colleague, who impressed me with his willingness to stand up and take ownership for the most complex technology challenges facing in our organization. I could always rely on him to maintain his composure, as well as an appropriate sense of humor, while successfully navigating difficult conversations with both supervisors and subordinates. I highly recommend him to any organization looking for a versatile technology expert who is able to quickly diagnose technology issues down to the bit-level, communicate at the C-suite-level, or engage as needed anywhere in between. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Global B2B Defence 26,625 members EMC Experts 11,847 members Engadget 644,675 followers Mobile 3,244,176 followers University of Vermont 76,281 followers Worldwide Electrical Engineer Jobs... 5,829 members See all See all following
More Actions Javier has a account Javier Marto PCB Design Engineer - Electronic Engineer - Hardware Engineer ICEYE Universidad Técnica Federico Santa María Helsinki, Southern Finland, Finland 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm an electronic Engineer with a mayor in digital systems and minor in power electronics. I have more than 4 years of experience and expertise in high frequency hardware/PCB design and layout. Expertise and experience with: Analog, digital and RF designs;High-Density Interconnect (HDI)— micro via, via-in-pad, fine-line;From simple to high density boards multilayers board;Controlled time of flights, impedance matching and Cross-talk reduction, signal integrity analysis;DDR3: T-Branch and flyby topology;DDR2:EMC;Signal and power integrity simulations;Hardware validation and debugging;Simulations: HyperLynx SI/PI, CST, LTSpice, PSim, simulink, MATLAB;Firmware programming and debugging (PIC, msp430, ARM Cortex M4);Programming languages: C, C++, Python, MATLAB;HDL: Verilog; See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Javier’s Activity 667 followers Con gran orgullo ayer 09.05.2017 firmamos primer MoU para la academia Huawei en Chile con la universidad N 1 en ciencias y tecnología . HUAWEI + UTFSM . Huawei Technologies Red de Ex Alumnos de la UTFSM Javier liked Sorry, But too much ppt Will Not help to scale IOT. eLTE huawei, Iot empowered by us Huawei Technologies Javier liked Laboratorio ANDES: Nueva Ciencia en Latinoamérica: Claudio Dib at TEDxUTFSM Javier liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics See 33 endorsements for Electronics 33 Electronics Endorsed by 4 of Javier’s colleagues at Embarcados Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 25 endorsements for Embedded Systems 25 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Henrique Rossi and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Javier’s colleagues at Embarcados Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware See 22 endorsements for Hardware 22 Hardware Yauheni Karatsevich and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 37 more View 37 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Advance Center for Electrical and Electronic Engineering 302 followers Keysight Technologies 26,260 followers Valeo 312,634 followers Blackmagic Design 9,330 followers TMT International Observatory, LLC 1,083 followers GE 1,426,628 followers See all See all following
More Actions Xing has a account Xing Yongbo System Hardware Engineer, Validation PM; Technical PM; Suzhou City, Jiangsu, China 161 161 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent a. Solid technical knowledge on computer motherboard and Notebook system design.b. Rich experience on ODM management.c. Broad experience across hardware design (involves cross function teams of Power/SI/Bios/Thermal/EMC/Safety, etc.), validation, factory manufacturing, OEM working model, ODM working model, project management, etc. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics See 2 endorsements for Electronics 2 Electronics Dennis Chang and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PCB design See 1 endorsement for PCB design 1 PCB design Wayne Cai has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Product Development See 1 endorsement for Product Development 1 Product Development Wayne Cai has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Apple 3,419,270 followers Electronic Engineer 37,267 members Jiangsu University 32,951 followers Wittur Group 4,777 followers Electrical Engineers World 92,057 members GE Digital 84,115 followers See all See all following
More Actions Anto has a account Anto Valan Teaching Assistant / Technical Support 2000s Technology 3T Inc. Anna University Scarborough, Ontario, Canada 73 73 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • 7+ years of combined experience in technical support and teaching computer science• Excellent technical and supervisory skills involving installation, maintenance and troubleshooting• Proven ability to learn new concepts and technology• Superior organizational and management skill• Remarkable ability in motivating students and supporting student learning.• Lecturing, demonstrating labs, evaluated work, provided small group and one-on-one assistance• Displayed strong interpersonal skills with all customer relations• Provided resolution of issues and support for customer• Master’s degree in Software Engineering See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Anto’s Activity 73 followers CORRUPTION IS EVERY WHERE IN INDIA. IN HARYANA IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO GET ANY WORK DONE WITHOUT POLITICAL APPROACH OR MONEY. SPECIALLY IN UNIVERSITIES THERE IS NO RULE & REGULATIONS. THOSE HAVE POLITICAL APPROACH THEY CAN GET THEIR SCHOOL EXPERIENCE COUNTED FOR PROMOTION OF PROFESSORS. POST ARE ADVERTISED BUT OF NO USE. PART TIME HEADS ARE LOOKING AFTER UNIVERSITIES. IN HARYANA THERE ARE THOUSANDS OF GOOD ACADEMICIANS BUT THEY DO NOT POLITICAL APPROACH & MONEY. FRUSTRATIONS ARE EVERY WHERE. WE HAVE HOPE 7 FAITH ON OUR DYNAMIC PM BUT HE HIS BUSY IN OTHER MATTERS. UNIVERSITIES DO NOT GROW UNTIL UNLESS VCs & REGISTRARs ARE APPOINTED ON MERIT. SEE THE SITUATIONS IN UNIVERSITIES IN HARYANA.... Anto liked a comment See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Canada Recruitment 220,661 members BMO Financial Group 118,207 followers 2000s Technology 3T Inc. 1 followers Seneca College - Part-time Studies 1,098 followers Pulse 1,535,147 followers Anna University 318,548 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joseph has a account Joseph Gallo Hardware Engineer EMC University of Vermont Santa Clara, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I have always been interested in how things work, and through engineering I was able to incorporate that curiosity into a career about which I am passionate and incredibly dedicated. I began as a hardware engineer at EMC Corporation headquarters in Massachusetts to become more familiar with the inner workings of servers through Hardware validation. The knowledge I learned in this first position was critical to my growth as an engineer because I was able to understand the entire customer solution before I started working on individual pieces of it. After about one year, EMC moved me out to their Santa Clara branch where I was able to use the information I learned in Massachusetts and apply it to new server designs. Throughout my time at EMC, I am continuously evolving as an engineer and am able to use my original curiosity and passion to build my knowledge base tremendously. In my short career, I have been able to learn and master tasks such as; board design, board bring up, root causing field failures, and interfacing with suppliers. I am always motivated to learn more and develop myself as a valuable asset to my employers. As such an individual, I have recently begun to acquire a master’s degree in software engineering at Brandeis University. I look forward to advancing my knowledge base in order to improve myself, and my understanding of the entire product I help to create. In addition to my engineering career, I have been serving my country in the Army National Guard since 2011. This service has taught me to always improve myself and to take care of my teammates. Being prepared has helped me to successfully navigate through unforeseen road blocks. I apply my work ethic from the military to my engineer career. I have learned there is no substitute to hard work, clear communication and decision making within a team. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Joseph’s Activity 629 followers Majorwise and Packetized Energy Win 2017 LaunchVT Joseph liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Military See 12 endorsements for Military 12 Military Endorsed by 7 of Joseph’s colleagues at University of Vermont Click and drag to reorder skills Security Clearance See 9 endorsements for Security Clearance 9 Security Clearance Annemarie Buchanan and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 16 endorsements for Leadership 16 Leadership Endorsed by 5 of Joseph’s colleagues at University of Vermont Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (0) ali abedini Hardware Engineer at Dell EMC October 10, 2016, ali was senior to Joseph but didn’t manage directly Joe is a proactive and diligent engineer with in-depth knowledge in troubleshooting, installing and designing data storage systems and servers. He is a team player and possesses outstanding interpersonal and communication skills. He is well-respected by his co-workers and fun to work with. Victor C. Hardware Engineer IV August 29, 2016, Victor was senior to Joseph but didn’t manage directly I found Joe to be an extremely bright and perceptive colleague, who impressed me with his willingness to stand up and take ownership for the most complex technology challenges facing in our organization. I could always rely on him to maintain his composure, as well as an appropriate sense of humor, while successfully navigating difficult conversations with both supervisors and subordinates. I highly recommend him to any organization looking for a versatile technology expert who is able to quickly diagnose technology issues down to the bit-level, communicate at the C-suite-level, or engage as needed anywhere in between. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Entegris 34,714 followers Tesla 997,168 followers UTC Aerospace Systems 77,833 followers LinkedIn 2,127,726 followers Contra Costa County 8,793 followers Michael DellMichael Dell is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Chairman at Dell Technologies 463,424 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christy has a account Christy Devonport Hardware Engineer at Intel Corporation Intel Corporation California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area 318 318 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Senior Hardware Engineer seeking to leverage 19 years of experience in hardware design in a leadership role. Self-directed and committed to achieving results. In depth understanding of board design cycle: researched, architected, designed, performed schematic capture, coded & simulated Verilog, analyzed timing, documented, debugged & verified prototypes. Commercialized with industry-leading Intel® True Scale InfiniBand and Omni-Path Architecture High Performance Computing (HPC) fabric, multi-million dollar product lines. Expert at change control and risk management for transitioning hardware for New Product Introduction (NPI) to Production revenue product lines, driving cross-functional team project sync teams, and facilitating resolution of cross-functional hardware problem reports and errata across diverse product lines. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 19 endorsements for FPGA 19 FPGA Jerry Jacobus and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Schematic Capture See 2 endorsements for Schematic Capture 2 Schematic Capture Chandra Shekhar Pandey and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Ethernet See 4 endorsements for Ethernet 4 Ethernet Dave Acker and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Interests University of Bradford 60,855 followers Pulse 1,535,147 followers Society of Women Engineers (SWE) 34,212 members California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo 137,102 followers California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo 135,021 followers Intel Corporation 879,844 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mason has a account Mason Mok Hardware Engineer |3 Successful Start-Up,Multinational Companies|Cloud Computing|System Design|DVT|Manufacture Test Pacific Scientific San Jose State University San Francisco Bay Area 335 335 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I worked for 2 successful start up companies, SanDisk from two years before IPO to one year after IPO and Wyse from two year before acquired by Dell to 2 years after Dell acquisition. Also, I worked for multinational high tech company like Cisco, SUN and Dell. I am very experience in cloud computing, storage and computer servers.I am with experience in all phases of system hardware development and DVT. An expert in Sustaining Engineering, DVT, Manufacture tests and SQA tests. •Sustained all Wyse thin Clients include Wyse ThinOS, Window, Linux and Teradici •Set up design validation test standard and procedure for thin client (AMD APU) and PC.•Wrote test plans for the OEM to do DVT for new and sustain products •Managed 3 engineering departments with 3 managers and 34 engineers to support and sustain production test systems and test processes.•Participated in planning of 20+billion dollar projects with Oracle.•Designed SPARC based low end workstations and servers. Led an engineering team to sustain those workstations and servers for Sun.•Designed test circuits for compact flash chips and SanDisk manufacture testers. Provided technical support for the build and testing of those testers.•Designed burn-in circuits for SRAM, EPOM, FPGA, and other devices and PCB for burn-in circuits.•Introduced Cisco Pentium based PC blades for the constellation platforms into production. Solved all DFM and DFT problems for design teams.•Led a cross functional team in different geographical locations.•Performed DVT for Cisco VPN with Cisco PoE switches and Dell servers.•Combined Asian technical/cultural/business skills to maximize profit. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Debugging See 21 endorsements for Debugging 21 Debugging Endorsed by 5 of Mason’s colleagues at Dell Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 21 endorsements for Testing 21 Testing Endorsed by Anat Dror and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Mason’s colleagues at Dell Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware See 12 endorsements for Hardware 12 Hardware Endorsed by 3 of Mason’s colleagues at Sun Microsystems Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Tom Irtis, ECRE Senior Resource Specialist at Luxoft (INSYS Group is now part of Luxoft) March 18, 2011, Mason was a client of Tom’s Great recruiter. Matched candidate's experience and job requirement perfectly.
More Actions Derek has a account Derek DiCarlo Director - iPhone System Integration Apple Rochester Institute of Technology San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Leading multiple system and electrical engineering teams working with cross-functional groups including product design, industrial design, silicon, wireless, software, test, and operations to deliver consumer products from concept to production.Electrical engineering expierence in circuit design, graphics, schematic capture, PCB layout, new product prototyping and bringup, design verification, and development build support. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jim Dalton Senior Professional Staff at Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory June 24, 2008, Jim was senior to Derek but didn’t manage directly Jim is an excellent architect, engineer and mentor. He is able to both architect new solutions at a high level and work on detailed implementation and debug. At IBM, Jim architected new server management solutions, got them approved, implemented, and to market. Finally, Jim is able to take his vast knowledge and skill and mentor others with it as he has done with me. I hope I have the privilege to work with him again in the future. Interests Rochester Institute of Technology 119,833 followers Apple 3,419,274 followers Rochester Institute of Technology 125,046 followers Apple - Current and Former Employees 38,838 members Apple Professionals 140,785 members Pulse 1,535,147 followers
More Actions Leo has a account Leo Chen Hardware Engineer at Google[x] Google[x] University of California, Berkeley San Francisco Bay Area 444 444 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I build cool things for cool people. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Leo’s Articles 447 followers Autolauncher: Launching at Scale Leo Chen on LinkedIn Publish dateJune 23, 2016 See all articles Featured Skills & Endorsements Mixed Signal See 21 endorsements for Mixed Signal 21 Mixed Signal Endorsed by 12 of Leo’s colleagues at Linear Technology Endorsed by 7 people who know Mixed Signal Click and drag to reorder skills Analog Circuit Design See 18 endorsements for Analog Circuit Design 18 Analog Circuit Design Endorsed by John Tilly, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Leo’s colleagues at Linear Technology Click and drag to reorder skills Semiconductors See 12 endorsements for Semiconductors 12 Semiconductors Andrew Jones and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) James Mahoney President at Mahoney Technologies GmbH June 22, 2014, James worked with Leo in different groups Leo Chen is a Very creative Engineer with Quick ideas who then follows up with working prototypes! Leo reaches optimal results quickly and with very good results.Leo's Design techniques combines creative thinking with very good software and hardware skills. Hamza Afzal Applications Engineer at Linear Technology June 19, 2014, Leo worked with Hamza in the same group During his time at LTC Leo was a mentor, an inspiration and a friend. The guy is super smart and a bundle of energy. He would take on projects with a vigor and passion that would often amaze me. He genuinely enjoys what he does. I remember how he couldn't shut up about his psychrometer project when he shot a video on the topic for Linear Technology. His drive and passion is contagious, and inspired me to be a better engineer. He brings that out in people.But thats not all, Leo produces results and takes initiative. It is due to these qualities that he became in-charge of the Linduino project at LTC (Its a code distribution framework). His commitment to his work made it a huge success. Besides being a great engineer, he has a great personality. He was the friendly face who would say hello to every one, ask after people and just put a smile on everyones face by how excited he would get over his constant stream of amazon packages. He cared about the people he worked with and as a result everyone at LTC cares about him. We wish him success in his future endeavors.Whichever organization he chooses to be a part of will benefit greatly from having him amongst its ranks.Pro tip: If you are ever out of ideas of where to go out for food. Ask Leo, you wont be disappointed. Hamza Afzal Applications Engineer at Linear Technology June 19, 2014, Hamza worked with Leo in the same group Sal, as I knew him, was a pleasure to work with and a bright spot in my LTC career.What makes an engineer often isn't just intelligence. There needs to be drive, there needs to self-sufficiency and there has to be the willingness to work hard. Sal has all these qualities and on top of that had a personality that made working with him a solid experience. Joel Crawford, MBA Director of Finance August 18, 2011, Leo was Joel’s mentor Joel Crawford displays an exceptional work ethic that can rarely be found elsewhere. His commitment to his work is beyond admirable and his breadth of knowledge is impressive as well. When I'm dangling 50 feet up in the air and need someone to catch my fall, he's one of the few that I trust. Interests Power Electronics 22,500 members POWER SUPPLY DESIGN CENTER 7,892 members Pulse 1,535,147 followers University of California, Berkeley 521,267 followers University of California, Berkeley 498,420 followers X, the moonshot factory 6,239 followers
More Actions Sam has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Sam D'Amico Hardware R&D Engineer at Google Google Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 13 endorsements for Python 13 Python Endorsed by Clay Schubiner, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Sam’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 13 endorsements for Matlab 13 Matlab Endorsed by Kristi Bohl, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Sam’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 13 endorsements for Verilog 13 Verilog Endorsed by 2 of Sam’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Google 4,871,281 followers Pulse 1,535,148 followers Facebook 1,533,358 followers Stanford University 435,559 followers Stanford Solar Car Project 43 members Oculus VR 29,969 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric MacIntosh Head of VR Hardware Systems Engineering at Google Google Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Embedded Systems, Digital Design, Electrical Engineering, Firmware Engineering (C & Assembly), Project Management, Manufacturing Support, Prototyping, Brainstorming, Integration with Multidisciplinary Teams. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Eric’s Activity 959 followers If you're excited by the idea of building new things and aren't daunted by the challenge of creating something from scratch, then consider our Google Hardware team for your next career move. Search all of our open Google Hardware jobs and apply online: https://goo.gl/WjVEWQ Eric liked Join our team at Lab126/Amazon legal. We support the development of things like the new Echo Look and Echo Show, as well as favorites like Kindle e-readers and FireTV, Fire Tablets and more for Amazon. It's still Day One! Eric liked Why the Echo Show could be Amazon’s most disruptive product Eric liked Introducing Lighthouse Eric liked HOME Eric liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 78 endorsements for Embedded Systems 78 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Jacob Power and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Eric’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Firmware See 49 endorsements for Firmware 49 Firmware Endorsed by John Janusson and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Eric’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Electrical Engineering See 40 endorsements for Electrical Engineering 40 Electrical Engineering Endorsed by Scott B. and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Eric’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Omar Zakaria Sr. Engineering Manager at Amazon September 29, 2014, Eric was senior to Omar but didn’t manage directly Omar and his team supported my group on several different hardware development projects at Amazon. He was my go-to WiFi/RF resource and helped us work through many tough RF challenges.He is an exemplary practitioner in his field. He has good instincts for identifying the right solution and he has the discipline to back up those instincts with hard data. But beyond technical ability, Omar is also an approachable and patient educator. He is always willing to take the time to explain a difficult concept or mentor a junior engineer through a roadblock. Omar is high on my list of people I would like to work with again someday and I recommend him highly. Interests University of New Brunswick 46,657 followers Stanford School of Engineering 26,330 members Tim BrownTim Brown is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at IDEO 1,366,559 followers IDEO 228,073 followers Stanford University 373,237 followers re:Work with Google 24,102 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sam has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Sam D'Amico Hardware R&D Engineer at Google Google Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 13 endorsements for Python 13 Python Endorsed by Clay Schubiner, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Sam’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 13 endorsements for Matlab 13 Matlab Endorsed by Kristi Bohl, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Sam’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 13 endorsements for Verilog 13 Verilog Endorsed by 2 of Sam’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Oculus VR 29,969 followers Pulse 1,535,148 followers Stanford Solar Car Project 43 members Facebook 1,533,359 followers Stanford University 373,207 followers Stanford University 435,559 followers See all See all following
More Actions Scott has a account Scott Kenyon Hardware Engineer Autoliv University of Michigan Greater Detroit Area 88 88 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am currently a hardware engineer in restraint electronics at Autoliv in Southfield, MI. Highlights Skills Labview Labview Click and drag to reorder skills C C Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab Matlab Click and drag to reorder skills Simulink Simulink Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Michigan 388,109 followers Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at Michigan 6,145 members Saginaw Valley State University 23,345 followers Autoliv 68,951 followers Lawrence Technological University 27,917 followers University of Michigan 368,372 followers See all See all following
More Actions Liang has a account Liang Xiao Project Manager, Hardware System Designer Open to new oppoortunities Beijing Institute of Technology Montreal, Quebec, Canada 125 125 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced in leading the project team for new product pre-study, design and delivery. With 10 years of project lead and system design experience in Motorola, Nokia, Microsoft and LeEco. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Hardware Architecture See 14 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 14 Hardware Architecture 纪成举 and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Design See 13 endorsements for Hardware Design 13 Hardware Design 纪成举 and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Smartphones See 14 endorsements for Smartphones 14 Smartphones Endorsed by 5 of Liang’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Henry Yu Senior Programm Manager - Letv April 25, 2017, Henry was senior to Liang but didn’t manage directly Liang is a very professional hardware system designer and easy to communication. We have co-worked several projects. He understood the phone system deeply and good control project risk. He also can give HW cost analysis and advice. Judy Zhu Fingerprint solution Research & Development March 17, 2017, Liang worked with Judy in the same group Worked with Liang in the past 3 years is really a good experience in my career. Liang is a talented hardware expert with skilled technology. As a system design role, he handle all the hardware architecture design in a mobile phone R&D team. He always challenged the lead program, researched the most advanced platform. Liang is also a natural leader, with strong responsibility and willing to help others. We co-worked three programs, Liang's holistic view and emphasizing details always can ensure the program no gap to deliver to market. In all, Liang is a guarantee for a team and a program. Hope a good future for him! View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Judy Zhu Fingerprint solution Research & Development May 4, 2017, Judy worked with Liang in the same group Judy is a very professional designer. We co-worked in several projects in LeEco, She deeply understood the fingerprint technology, industry trend and the supply chain. She can always give a quick response to every evaluation request with very good quality. She is also a new technology challenger, we cooperated in Le Max pro product which equipped the world FIRST ultrasonic fingerprint solution, and Judy is the owner of this fingerprint solution! Interests West Safety Services 5,195 followers AMD 159,579 followers Open to new oppoortunities 158 followers Pulse 1,535,148 followers NXP Semiconductors 112,207 followers Google 4,871,276 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric MacIntosh Head of VR Hardware Systems Engineering at Google Google Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Embedded Systems, Digital Design, Electrical Engineering, Firmware Engineering (C & Assembly), Project Management, Manufacturing Support, Prototyping, Brainstorming, Integration with Multidisciplinary Teams. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Eric’s Activity 959 followers If you're excited by the idea of building new things and aren't daunted by the challenge of creating something from scratch, then consider our Google Hardware team for your next career move. Search all of our open Google Hardware jobs and apply online: https://goo.gl/WjVEWQ Eric liked Join our team at Lab126/Amazon legal. We support the development of things like the new Echo Look and Echo Show, as well as favorites like Kindle e-readers and FireTV, Fire Tablets and more for Amazon. It's still Day One! Eric liked Why the Echo Show could be Amazon’s most disruptive product Eric liked Introducing Lighthouse Eric liked HOME Eric liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 78 endorsements for Embedded Systems 78 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Jacob Power and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Eric’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Firmware See 49 endorsements for Firmware 49 Firmware Endorsed by 4 of Eric’s colleagues at Google Endorsed by 9 people who know Firmware Click and drag to reorder skills Electrical Engineering See 40 endorsements for Electrical Engineering 40 Electrical Engineering Endorsed by Karen Rayment MSEE, MBA, PE, PMP, CFEI and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Eric’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Omar Zakaria Sr. Engineering Manager at Amazon September 29, 2014, Eric was senior to Omar but didn’t manage directly Omar and his team supported my group on several different hardware development projects at Amazon. He was my go-to WiFi/RF resource and helped us work through many tough RF challenges.He is an exemplary practitioner in his field. He has good instincts for identifying the right solution and he has the discipline to back up those instincts with hard data. But beyond technical ability, Omar is also an approachable and patient educator. He is always willing to take the time to explain a difficult concept or mentor a junior engineer through a roadblock. Omar is high on my list of people I would like to work with again someday and I recommend him highly. Interests University of New Brunswick 46,657 followers Pulse 1,535,148 followers Stanford University 435,559 followers Tim BrownTim Brown is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at IDEO 1,366,559 followers re:Work with Google 24,102 followers The Economist 3,870,145 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Schneider Hardware Engineer at Google Google Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 406 406 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Skills C C Click and drag to reorder skills C++ C++ Click and drag to reorder skills Python Python Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog Verilog Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Google 4,871,276 followers Stanford University 373,237 followers Stanford School of Engineering 26,330 members Stanford University 435,559 followers
More Actions Firoz has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Firoz Dang Senior Hardware Engineer at NVIDIA NVIDIA University of California, Santa Cruz San Jose, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent  Result oriented Electrical Engineer with sound knowledge of Electrical Engineering principles and tools. Experience in Digital, ASIC and FPGA Hardware Design and Verification Demonstrated ability to rapidly acquire technical knowledge and skills. Ability to work well under pressure and handle multiple tasks.Specialties: Hardware Digital System Design - ASIC, FPGA and Design IP, Embedded System Design and High Speed Digital Design, Embedded Linux Development Programming, SOC Hardware Verification See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Firoz’s Activity Cognitive solutions and surviving the crew change Firoz liked See all activity Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 30 endorsements for FPGA 30 FPGA Ilango Jeyasubramanian and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 16 endorsements for Verilog 16 Verilog Endorsed by Gaurav Bhangle and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Firoz’s colleagues at Microsemi Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills C++ See 15 endorsements for C++ 15 C++ Endorsed by Gaurav Bhangle, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Firoz’s colleagues at San Jose State University Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Olaf Hirsch Sr.Staff Engineer at Qualcomm Atheros January 7, 2012, Olaf managed Firoz directly Firoz worked on a project that included RTL design targeted towards an FPGA and PC SW to communicate with the FPGA over a USB link.Firoz did a good job defining the requirements and selecting the FPGA board. He modified and wrote new RTL code and learned how to simulate and debug it on the FPGA. He wrote PC SW that downloaded the data from the FPGA board and analyzed it. At the end of his internship, he demonstrated his work to the group.Firoz was enthusiastic, self-driven and worked independently on the project. His behavior was always very professional. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Belkin International 35,668 followers Avnet Technology Solutions 40,235 followers Mavenir 27,915 followers I-Tec Electronics, Inc. 550 followers Meru Networks 7,601 followers iAnywhere 780 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gary has a account Gary Chan Principal Electrical Engineer at Haemonetics Haemonetics Greater Boston Area 218 218 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Product Development - Proven track record of leading and developing products from the conceptual stage through complete commercialization. Leadership - Electrical Engineering Team Leader. Cross Functional Team Leader. Conducted performance reviews. Developed performance and career goals with employees. Specialties: Project leader and system architect in the Life Science Research, Medical, Communication, and Automotive industryCapable of managing multiple, non-related projects at the same time. Developed products of different complexities from cost sensitive consumer electronics to mission critical communication systems that cost over $100KHardware design - ARM Cortex M3, ARM7, ARM9, Marvell PXA270 (ARM 13), MSP430, BlackFin DSP, TI TMS320 series DSP, Motorola DSP, Motorla PowerPC 8xx, 8080, 80186, 68000, 6811, 6812, 68302, 8051, Ethernet, USB, I2C, SPI, Altera FPGA and CPLD, VME Bus, PC/AT Bus, PC104 Bus, Compact PCI Bus, analog and digital telephony interfaces, analog and digital PBX, Avaya, Lucent, Nortel digital handsets, radio paging.PCB layout - Digital high speed, impedance control, Mixed signal, High Power switching power supply, BGA, DFM, DFTSchemetic tools - DxDesigner, Orcad See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Firmware See 22 endorsements for Firmware 22 Firmware Endorsed by 11 of Gary’s colleagues at Haemonetics Click and drag to reorder skills Design for Manufacturing See 16 endorsements for Design for Manufacturing 16 Design for Manufacturing Endorsed by 9 of Gary’s colleagues at Haemonetics Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 15 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 15 Hardware Architecture Endorsed by 9 of Gary’s colleagues at Haemonetics Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Brad Codkind, CAPM Manufacturing Quality Engineer July 27, 2009, Gary was senior to Brad but didn’t manage directly Brad is always willing to learn more to improve his technical skills, whether it is software or hardware. He's full of energy but yet has the patience to learn and apply the proper validation and verification techniques to accomplish his tasks. He's not afraid to ask questions, and always willing to take responsibilities on his own actions. He's a very responsible engineer, and will be a great asset to any engineering group. Michael O. Carr Manufacturing/Engineering/NPI Support Professional and Autism awareness, support and sensitivity caregiver. February 26, 2009, Gary worked with Michael in different groups I worked with Michael at Bio-Rad New England for about 6 years. Michael’s primary position was Engineering Services Specialist. He was later promoted to the role of Electrical Engineer to resolve ROHS compliance and many other component engineering issues. Michael has contributed to the R&D Engineering Department in many aspects. He was very responsive to the team’s requests in making technical drawing changes as well as research and analysis for component substitutions. For design files such as schematics, bills of materials, PCB Gerbers, PADS and CAM350 application files, he reverse-engineered older designs, made changes and technical recommendations as necessary and was a key player to many PCB releases. He was very detailed, meticulous, and technically inclined, both electrically and mechanically. Michael is able to work as an individual contributor or as a crucial team member. He possesses a positive, innovative and professional attitude towards his work. Interests Pulse 1,535,149 followers Haemonetics 16,064 followers
More Actions Tal has a account Tal Siton Hardware Engineer at Freescale Semiconductor Freescale Semiconductor Ben-Gurion University of the Negev Israel 233 233 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements System verilog See 2 endorsements for System verilog 2 System verilog Idan Zaguri and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills UVM See 2 endorsements for UVM 2 UVM Idan Zaguri and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 6 endorsements for Verilog 6 Verilog Stas Yosupov and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Negev High-Tech 906 members Pulse 1,535,149 followers Hitech Startups and Entrepreneurs Israel 5,399 members Israel High Tech ++ 20,642 members Ben-Gurion University of the Negev 47,715 followers Hardware Experts in Israel 525 members See all See all following
More Actions Guy has a account Guy Cerulli Hardware Design Engineer Advantech B+B SmartWorx University of Illinois at Chicago Greater Chicago Area 245 245 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Project Engineer / Electrical Hardware Design Engineer with extensive experience in global product development of electronic equipment, taking products through complete life cycle from concept, product definition, specification, design, prototype and into production. Experienced in development using in-house design / contract manufacturing model as well as ODM (Original Design Manufacturer) model. Worked with domestic and off-shore partners to create networking products for customer premise (home) applications. Skilled in working with sales and customers to solve problems and troubleshoot field issues.Systems Experience - Mentor Expedition (ViewLogic, DxDesigner) - Oracle Agile PLM - HP Quality Center / ALM - SAP - MS Office, Project, SharePoint - Sciforma (PSNext) Project Management Software See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Ethernet See 27 endorsements for Ethernet 27 Ethernet Corrine Dutkovich and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 23 endorsements for Testing 23 Testing David Kelly and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Wireless See 21 endorsements for Wireless 21 Wireless Jim Lund and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Rudolph (Rudy) Labagnara Senior Test Engineer at Molex October 17, 2012, Rudolph (Rudy) worked with Guy in different groups I have worked with Guy for about 19 years at three different companies and he has always been a thorough, well prepared, and professional engineer. He has done great work designing products as well as working with ODM's in China. It has always been a pleasure working with Guy and I would gladly work with Guy again. Rudolph (Rudy) Labagnara Senior Test Engineer at Molex October 19, 2012, Guy worked with Rudolph (Rudy) in different groups Rudy is a seasoned engineer and knows his craft well. I have worked with him on numerous occasions in solving field and manufacturing problems and he is always a great resource of information and ideas. His work is thorough and goes out of his way to help. A pleasure to work with. David Anderson Sales Manager March 10, 2011, Guy worked with David in different groups As an engineer I worked with Dave on a number of projects, helping define customer requirements, introducing new products, and handling issues. I found him to be professional, ethical, and thorough. It was a pleasure working with him. Interests Excel Blackbelts - 黒帯 34,697 members Advantech B+B SmartWorx 2,762 followers Westell 1,629 followers Lean Six Sigma 569,314 members Chicago Deming Association 1,347 members Linked:Energy (Energy industry expertise) 334,731 members See all See all following
More Actions Austin has a account Austin Hill Senior Hardware Engineer at Lockheed Martin Lockheed Martin Stanford University Colorado Springs, Colorado 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Systems engineer working in space systems and RF technology. Emphasis in hardware design and integration. Currently working on integration, certification and testing program.Specialties: -- Hardware/System Design-- Firmware design-- Computer ProgrammingsExperience writing code in:• Java• C/C++ • HTML • Verilog/VHDLTrained to use the following software:• Citrix • ModelSim • PSpice • Active-HDL • Eclipse • Mathematica • Maple • Matlab• MatCAD •Cadence (VLSI Design) • Advanced Design System See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Palantir Technologies 49,712 followers BYU Electrical and Computer Engineering Alumni Group 1,254 members RF/Microwave Professionals Seeking Careers 3,680 members Lockheed Martin 520,478 followers Harris Corporation 82,953 followers Colorado Small Business Networking 2,335 members See all See all following
More Actions Austin has a account Austin Hill Senior Hardware Engineer at Lockheed Martin Lockheed Martin Stanford University Colorado Springs, Colorado 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Systems engineer working in space systems and RF technology. Emphasis in hardware design and integration. Currently working on integration, certification and testing program.Specialties: -- Hardware/System Design-- Firmware design-- Computer ProgrammingsExperience writing code in:• Java• C/C++ • HTML • Verilog/VHDLTrained to use the following software:• Citrix • ModelSim • PSpice • Active-HDL • Eclipse • Mathematica • Maple • Matlab• MatCAD •Cadence (VLSI Design) • Advanced Design System See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 24 endorsements for Matlab 24 Matlab ray c smith Sr and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Systems Engineering See 18 endorsements for Systems Engineering 18 Systems Engineering Tom Dankwardt and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Integration See 17 endorsements for Integration 17 Integration Paul DeNys and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Cisco Meraki 45,096 followers Stanford University 435,559 followers Lockheed Martin Employees & Alumni 13,149 members Lockheed Martin 520,478 followers Signal Processing Design 5,296 members BYU Electrical and Computer Engineering Alumni Group 1,254 members See all See all following
More Actions Johnson has a account Johnson Fok Hardware Design Engineer at Intrinsyc Technologies Corporation Intrinsyc Technologies Corporation The University of British Columbia Vancouver, Canada Area 238 238 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A hardware electronics engineer with experience in designing, troubleshooting, and testing cell phone, tablet, and Voice over IP (VoIP) phone designs that resulted in allowing company to win contracts from famous consumer electronics companies. Possess practical Electrical Engineering hand‐on experience with a thorough understanding of different Electrical Engineering theories. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in Mandarin, Cantonese, and English See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 3 endorsements for Matlab 3 Matlab Christoper McInroy and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Debugging See 3 endorsements for Debugging 3 Debugging Chris Ross and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 2 endorsements for Testing 2 Testing Christoper McInroy and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests The University of British Columbia 247,800 followers Foxconn 88,516 followers Celestica 53,745 followers Verizon Wireless 231,621 followers The University of British Columbia 263,318 followers Sprint 215,049 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jonathan has a account Jonathan Thomas Hardware Engineer at Ciena Ciena University of Waterloo Ontario, Canada 227 227 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Hardware See 13 endorsements for Hardware 13 Hardware Ronald Buckton and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Windows See 8 endorsements for Windows 8 Windows Erica Pietracupa and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Troubleshooting See 6 endorsements for Troubleshooting 6 Troubleshooting Mark Warriner and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Waterloo 172,041 followers University of Waterloo 179,469 followers Pulse 1,535,150 followers Christian Professionals Worldwide 80,365 members
More Actions Jieli has a account Jieli Li iPhone Hardware Engineering Manager at Apple Apple Dartmouth College San Francisco Bay Area 391 391 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Hardware Engineering Manager at Apple Inc. Mac and iPhone new product development. Lead technical teams in both US and China. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Semiconductors See 16 endorsements for Semiconductors 16 Semiconductors Endorsed by Hong Yu L., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Jieli’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills IC See 5 endorsements for IC 5 IC Kaiser Yuan and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 5 endorsements for Embedded Systems 5 Embedded Systems Lisong Liu and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Dartmouth College 63,691 followers Apple - Current and Former Employees 38,838 members Dartmouth College 61,018 followers Tsinghua University 130,467 followers 清华大学 123,898 followers Pulse 1,535,150 followers See all See all following
More Actions Hameed has a account Hameed Alam Hardware Engineer at Burque Corporation Private Limited Burque Corporation Private Limited Pakistan 65 65 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Team Leadership See 2 endorsements for Team Leadership 2 Team Leadership Muhammad Usama Younus and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 2 endorsements for Management 2 Management Muhammad Usama Younus and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Team Management See 2 endorsements for Team Management 2 Team Management Abdul Haseeb and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests AATCO Food Industries 4,367 followers Aga Khan University 26,264 followers Burque Corporation Private Limited 2,114 followers Pulse 1,535,150 followers
More Actions Guy has a account Guy Cerulli Hardware Design Engineer Advantech B+B SmartWorx University of Illinois at Chicago Greater Chicago Area 245 245 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Project Engineer / Electrical Hardware Design Engineer with extensive experience in global product development of electronic equipment, taking products through complete life cycle from concept, product definition, specification, design, prototype and into production. Experienced in development using in-house design / contract manufacturing model as well as ODM (Original Design Manufacturer) model. Worked with domestic and off-shore partners to create networking products for customer premise (home) applications. Skilled in working with sales and customers to solve problems and troubleshoot field issues.Systems Experience - Mentor Expedition (ViewLogic, DxDesigner) - Oracle Agile PLM - HP Quality Center / ALM - SAP - MS Office, Project, SharePoint - Sciforma (PSNext) Project Management Software See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Ethernet See 27 endorsements for Ethernet 27 Ethernet Corrine Dutkovich and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 23 endorsements for Testing 23 Testing David Kelly and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Wireless See 21 endorsements for Wireless 21 Wireless Jim Lund and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Rudolph (Rudy) Labagnara Senior Test Engineer at Molex October 17, 2012, Rudolph (Rudy) worked with Guy in different groups I have worked with Guy for about 19 years at three different companies and he has always been a thorough, well prepared, and professional engineer. He has done great work designing products as well as working with ODM's in China. It has always been a pleasure working with Guy and I would gladly work with Guy again. Rudolph (Rudy) Labagnara Senior Test Engineer at Molex October 19, 2012, Guy worked with Rudolph (Rudy) in different groups Rudy is a seasoned engineer and knows his craft well. I have worked with him on numerous occasions in solving field and manufacturing problems and he is always a great resource of information and ideas. His work is thorough and goes out of his way to help. A pleasure to work with. David Anderson Sales Manager March 10, 2011, Guy worked with David in different groups As an engineer I worked with Dave on a number of projects, helping define customer requirements, introducing new products, and handling issues. I found him to be professional, ethical, and thorough. It was a pleasure working with him. Interests Linked:Energy (Energy industry expertise) 334,731 members Motorola 327,852 followers Broadcom Limited 136,304 followers Silicon Engines, Ltd. 385 followers Rockwell Collins Connections 9,864 members Advantech B+B SmartWorx 2,762 followers See all See all following
More Actions Qi has a account Qi Jiang Hardware Engineer at Google Google University of California, Davis San Francisco Bay Area 379 379 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent More than 8 years of experiences on RF wireless communication systems3 years of industrial experience on various of RF wireless projects on WiFi and 11ad5 years of RF, millimeter wave and antenna experience and backgroundExcellent hands on and scripting skills for test automation and data processingHardworking, eager to learn and able to learn new skills fastA team player, a responsible engineer and appreciate ownership See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 25 endorsements for Matlab 25 Matlab Endorsed by Huan Liao and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Qi’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Simulations See 21 endorsements for Simulations 21 Simulations Endorsed by Huan Liao and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Qi’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Signal Processing See 15 endorsements for Signal Processing 15 Signal Processing Endorsed by 4 of Qi’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Xiangyu Kong Hardware Engineer at Google February 5, 2014, Xiangyu and Qi were students together Qi is one of the most intelligent graduate students that I have worked with when we studies together at UC Davis. He is such a dedicated person when it comes a problem to solve, and of course he did an excellent job on his courses as well as his research. Xiangyu Kong Hardware Engineer at Google February 5, 2014, Xiangyu worked with Qi in the same group I worked with Xiangyu in the same research group at UC Davis for 2 years. He is very smart as well as hardworking. He always brings up new ideas to the team and is very easy to go along with. He is a very good electrical engineer and a nice teammate. Interests University of California, Davis 210,320 followers Broadcom Limited 136,304 followers Advanced Energy 9,643 followers Oracle 2,119,539 followers University of Science and Technology of China 36,793 followers Pulse 1,535,151 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gabriel has a account Gabriel Risk Senior Hardware Engineer June Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 431 431 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Big picture thinker, core contributor, designer and implementer of complex electronics systems across a range of industries and target customers; from low cost, high volume LED lights for the developing world to automotive grade battery management systems and high reliability servers for data centersSpecialties: New Product Introduction. Hardware engineering. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Electrical Engineering See 21 endorsements for Electrical Engineering 21 Electrical Engineering Endorsed by Don Robinson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Gabriel’s colleagues at Aclima, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 19 endorsements for Electronics 19 Electronics Endorsed by 2 of Gabriel’s colleagues at June Click and drag to reorder skills Product Development See 18 endorsements for Product Development 18 Product Development Endorsed by Erik Toomre, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Gabriel’s colleagues at Misfit Wearables Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Interests Stanford School of Engineering 26,330 members June 401 followers Stanford University 435,559 followers Aclima, Inc. 436 followers Stanford University 373,237 followers University of California, Berkeley 521,267 followers See all See all following
More Actions Adam has a account Adam Crocker Senior Hardware Engineer at Invenco Group Limited Invenco Group Limited Auckland Technical Institute Auckland, New Zealand 294 294 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 45 endorsements for Embedded Systems 45 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Michael Harrison and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Adam’s colleagues at Invenco Group Limited Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 30 endorsements for Electronics 30 Electronics Endorsed by Michael Harrison and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Adam’s colleagues at Invenco Group Limited Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Software See 18 endorsements for Embedded Software 18 Embedded Software Endorsed by 5 of Adam’s colleagues at Invenco Group Limited Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Roger Barraud Embedded Systems Engineer at True Integration Limited August 22, 2011, Adam worked with Roger in the same group Smart and helpful. Experienced and friendly. Adam is Good People :) Katrina Penny Helping businesses achieve operational excellence January 17, 2014, Adam worked with Katrina in different groups Katrina's ability to organise and manage, especially when coordinating disparate groups of people, made both the day-to-day admin and major events just work - there was never any overt fuss or bother because she'd planned for everything.Hers is a skill set that is sorely missing in many companies; she will be an asset to any company that hires her. Interests Fusion Transactive (formerly Provenco Retail Automation) 29 followers Invenco Group Limited 1,365 followers Intercad part of Central Innovation 2,637 followers
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Zhu Sr. Product Developer Johnson Controls Shaoxing University Pudongxin District, Shanghai, China 66 66 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent R&D works and certification affairs for TSP video/access/intrusion products Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Computer Hardware See 1 endorsement for Computer Hardware 1 Computer Hardware Shen Huang has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Development See 1 endorsement for Business Development 1 Business Development Shen Huang has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 1 endorsement for Management 1 Management Shen Huang has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Mingqian Han Development Engineer (Manager Grade) at Philips Lighting January 5, 2017, Michael worked with Mingqian in the same group Michael is a very good engineer I have worked with in Tyco Security Products. Always passionate and full of responsibilities, possesses a broad knowledge from hardware design to OEM/ODM processes. For the project he is assigned, Michael always performs professionally and delivers his work with high quality, and when facing changes in the orgnization, Michael does demonstrate great adaptability and agility. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Pulse 1,535,151 followers 上海交通大学 107,663 followers Johnson Controls 417,172 followers CCTV Video Surveillance, IP Technology & Solutions 66,684 members Tyco Security Products 6,698 followers 绍兴文理学院 2,990 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Zhu Sr. Product Developer Johnson Controls Shaoxing University Pudongxin District, Shanghai, China 66 66 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent R&D works and certification affairs for TSP video/access/intrusion products Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Computer Hardware See 1 endorsement for Computer Hardware 1 Computer Hardware Shen Huang has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Development See 1 endorsement for Business Development 1 Business Development Shen Huang has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 1 endorsement for Management 1 Management Shen Huang has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Mingqian Han Development Engineer (Manager Grade) at Philips Lighting January 5, 2017, Michael worked with Mingqian in the same group Michael is a very good engineer I have worked with in Tyco Security Products. Always passionate and full of responsibilities, possesses a broad knowledge from hardware design to OEM/ODM processes. For the project he is assigned, Michael always performs professionally and delivers his work with high quality, and when facing changes in the orgnization, Michael does demonstrate great adaptability and agility. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Shaoxing University 3,143 followers Pulse 1,535,151 followers 绍兴文理学院 2,990 followers 上海交通大学 107,659 followers Johnson Controls 417,172 followers Shanghai Jiao Tong University 114,457 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sal has a account Sal Amarasinghe Hardware Engineer at Microsoft Microsoft University of Waterloo Seattle, Washington 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics See 28 endorsements for Electronics 28 Electronics Endorsed by 5 of Sal’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 12 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 12 Hardware Architecture Endorsed by Zack MacLennan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Sal’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 11 endorsements for Embedded Systems 11 Embedded Systems Endorsed by 4 of Sal’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Michelle Chong Lead Product Marketer at Thomson Reuters March 9, 2011, Sal worked with Michelle in the same group Saluka was a very hard working and dedicated individual. This, combined with his positive and go-getter attitude made him a great asset to his team. His technical aptitude along with his strong problem solving skills allowed him to successfully tackle and complete all assigned projects, oftentimes with very little direction. Tarun Ninan Hardware Engineering Manager July 7, 2009, Tarun worked with Sal in different groups Knows his Electronics for sure! Ray Bowen Electrical Engineer October 17, 2016, Ray worked with Sal in the same group As a junior engineer working with Ray I have nothing but great feedback. He is definitely a leader in analog electronics and is extremely knowledgeable in his field. He is a hard worker and brings dedication and energy to the team. I learned many skills from him and believe he is a great asset to any engineering organization. Interests Intel Corporation 879,849 followers University of Waterloo 172,041 followers Sheridan College 100,723 followers National University of Singapore 186,454 followers Microsoft 3,687,121 followers Tesla 997,187 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bryan has a account Bryan Hoff Lead Hardware Engineer at Allegion, PLC Allegion, PLC Indiana University - Kelley School of Business Boulder, Colorado 320 320 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent With over 14 years of experience in product development, specifically in hardware board design, I have taken designs from early architecture through manufacturing release. I enjoy the problem solving that happens during the complete life cycle of a product and seeing the people around me grow and mature professionally. One of the most rewarding feelings is seeing a finished product I designed or had significant involvement, being used by the intended customer. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Wireless See 14 endorsements for Wireless 14 Wireless Angela Williams and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills RF See 13 endorsements for RF 13 RF Russell Steiner and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 17 endorsements for Embedded Systems 17 Embedded Systems Endorsed by 3 of Bryan’s colleagues at Allegion, PLC Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Carmen J. Olmetti, MBA Global Sales Strategy, Operations & Compensation at LinkedIn October 24, 2014, Carmen J. and Bryan were students together I had the pleasure of working with Bryan during two MBA classes. Bryan is organically intelligent and capable of grasping new concepts quickly; his ability to work collaboratively in team environments was most impressive.During a strategy class, our team was responsible for developing a company, setting production, financial, marketing, development, and resource requirements. We competed against several other teams and finished first. Bryan’s presence was paramount to our team’s success. He was able to quickly adapt to each member’s unique communication style and gracefully work toward an agreed-upon solution.Most importantly, Bryan is a leader who is genuinely concerned with the team’s (and other member’s) success. He was able to quickly gain other group member’s trust by being honest, responsive, and adaptable. I would gladly welcome the opportunity to work with Bryan again. Roger Meline Sr HW Design Engineer at HP May 1, 2009, Bryan worked with Roger in the same group Bryan is a experienced/capable HW Engineer. I've had the pleasure of working with Bryan at HP in the connectivity organization for over 7 years. He's been an asset to our team, supporting high volume printer development, new printer IO technology development, and in the end, supporting WLAN module development and RF product qualification roles for HP wireless printer products. Unusual for engineers in general, Bryan has great interpersonal and communication skills, which came in handy with our team's role in supporting many individual HP R&D organizations worldwide ! Carmen J. Olmetti, MBA Global Sales Strategy, Operations & Compensation at LinkedIn September 13, 2014, Bryan and Carmen J. were students together I’ve had Carmen in multiple MBA classes. He has been on multiple teams with myself and I have been impressed by a couple of things. First, he is a natural leader. This really came out in one of our teams where there were really about five people that were capable and willing to lead the team. However, Carmen took the initiative to kick off communications, to set up initial meetings, quickly ascertained the team members strengths, and set up the team in such a way that members’ roles utilized their strengths. The second thing Carmen impressed me with was his quick grasp and assessment of situations. He developed a quick understanding the cases and situations presented, and was able to communicate what it would take to succeed and what risks we’d likely have to overcome. But it takes more than just understanding and assessing the situations, a leader must be able to communicate effectively to his team and make sure everyone is on board. Carmen was able to do this multiple times with diverse teams. I was really impressed by how he would change his communication paths to meet the preferred style of the individual he was seeking information from. He would call some people, email others, and then relay those conversations back into main team, making sure we were all on the same page and informed of our status. On one of the simulation teams that Carmen led, the professor publicly praised our team’s success.Besides Carmen being a natural leader, a quick analyzer, and an excellent communicator, he is also someone that people seek out to join his teams. He has quickly received a well-earned reputation as someone that succeeds and is exciting to partner with. Interests Portland State University 117,708 followers Portland State University 113,000 followers Kelley School of Business Executive Degree Programs 248 members PCB Design Engineers 10,011 members HP Alumni - Hewlett-Packard Alumni Association Member 50,242 members HP Oregon Washington Alumni 546 members See all See all following
More Actions Kirill has a account Kirill Kalinichev System Integrator at Apple Apple Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 320 320 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 9 endorsements for Embedded Systems 9 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Priyank Patel and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Kirill’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills PCB design See 6 endorsements for PCB design 6 PCB design Dave Kotfis and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Systems Engineering See 4 endorsements for Systems Engineering 4 Systems Engineering Endorsed by 2 of Kirill’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Josh Richardson  AI+HW+SW Recruiter April 26, 2012, Josh worked with Kirill in the same group In the ~4 months that I spent interviewing with countless companies, no recruiter was as responsive, thorough, and friendly as Josh. Dealing with a recruiter that made you feel wanted was a surprisingly large part of why I chose the job that Josh ultimately recruited me for. Pleasure to deal with! Interests Pulse 1,535,151 followers Apple 3,419,294 followers Stanford University 435,560 followers Cornell University 265,746 followers Stanford University 373,237 followers Cornell University 292,205 followers
More Actions Warren has a account Warren Watts Senior Hardware Engineer at Vello Systems Vello Systems California State University-Chico San Francisco Bay Area 155 155 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent QUALIFICATIONS:Extensive hands-on experience in hardware architecture, design, testing and debug of high-speed networking equipment. Project management working with various functional teams driving new products through the development cycle. TECHNICAL SKILLS:• Architect of multiple high availability systems in telecom, networking and SAN fields.• Experience with the following standards/fields: High speed signal integrity, 40/10/1 GbE, GPON, Processor Design, Packet Switch Fabrics and High Speed Cross Connect Switches. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Debugging See 8 endorsements for Debugging 8 Debugging Shaun Case and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 6 endorsements for Testing 6 Testing Shaun Case and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PCB design See 5 endorsements for PCB design 5 PCB design Justin Frame and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Interests Fortinet 114,971 followers California State University, Chico 92,887 followers Pulse 1,535,151 followers California State University, Chico 90,706 followers Electronic hardware/software(firmware) designers(CHIPRIGHT.COM Sponsors this group) 26,920 members InvenSense, Inc. 16,306 followers See all See all following
More Actions Warren has a account Warren Szeto Student at University of Waterloo University of Waterloo Ottawa, Canada Area 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests University of Waterloo 179,469 followers Pulse 1,535,151 followers University of Waterloo 172,041 followers
More Actions Eric has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Eric Schlaepfer Hardware Engineer at Google Google California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo San Francisco Bay Area 239 239 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Semiconductors See 25 endorsements for Semiconductors 25 Semiconductors Endorsed by Bruce Larson and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Eric’s colleagues at Maxim Integrated Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 20 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 20 Hardware Architecture Endorsed by 18 of Eric’s colleagues at Maxim Integrated Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 13 endorsements for Electronics 13 Electronics RONALD MORADKHAN and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jeff Carlson Platform Power Architect at Intel Corporation July 20, 2011, Jeff worked with Eric in the same group Jeff is a very competent, thorough and detail-oriented engineer. He is also very personable and easy to work with. Interests California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo 137,102 followers California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo 135,021 followers Cal Poly - Bay Area - Alumni 5,597 members Pulse 1,535,151 followers California Polytechnic State University 129,178 followers Google 4,871,291 followers
More Actions Derrick has a account Derrick Gibelyou Hardware Engineer at ImSAR, LLC ImSAR, LLC Brigham Young University Provo, Utah Area 171 171 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Hardware Engineer with an emphasis in signal processing in FPGAs. Interested in software architecture for embedded systems.Specialties:Software ArchitectureVHDLEmbedded SystemsSignal Processing Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 16 endorsements for FPGA 16 FPGA Roland Henrie and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 15 endorsements for Embedded Systems 15 Embedded Systems David Trent and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Linux See 15 endorsements for Linux 15 Linux Kenneth W. Dudley and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Kevin Ellsworth Product Manager at Cirris Systems Corp September 21, 2010, Derrick worked with Kevin in different groups Kevin is a self motivated hard worker with an eye for detail. Interests Pulse 1,535,151 followers L3 180,270 followers BYU Electrical and Computer Engineering Alumni Group 1,254 members Brigham Young University 214,193 followers Brigham Young University 220,443 followers IMSAR 492 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joe has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Joe Drake MEMS Technology Leader AEye, Inc. Massachusetts Institute of Technology San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an accomplished engineer/inventor/manager/executive with a broad skill base involving semiconductor processing, micro machining, lasers, and fiber optics as applied to Operations, Manufacturing Engineering, and Research & Development. I have extensive start-up expertise and am particularly skilled in transforming R&D prototypes into manufacturable products and building and coordinating the work of a multidisciplinary team of professionals encompassing expertise in, for example, lasers, micromachining, electrical and software engineering, and packaging. Specialties: MEMS, product development, operations, manufacturing engineering, semiconductor manufacturing, laser manufacturing, ISO-9000 certification See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements MEMS See 20 endorsements for MEMS 20 MEMS Endorsed by 2 of Joe’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Manufacturing See 16 endorsements for Manufacturing 16 Manufacturing Endorsed by Nat Mani, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Joe’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Product Development See 16 endorsements for Product Development 16 Product Development Endorsed by Nat Mani and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Joe’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (4) John McNulty Principal Engineer, Exponent June 5, 2014, John reported directly to Joe Joe is the best engineering manager that I've ever had the pleasure to work with. We had many challenging product development projects that Joe shepherded to completion, keeping a diverse team of engineers focused on the technical challenges while still meeting schedule. He also works effectively with operations, marketing, and executive management. Gary Leung Project Manager, University Recruiting Programs at Yahoo! December 20, 2014, Joe worked with Gary in different groups I worked with Gary on a number of job placements within my group at Coherent. In all cases Gary was a great asset to the hiring process: he is organized, prompt, responsive, and courteous to the candidates and to the hiring team. When I worked with him, Gary's position was entry level but I feel that he has the ability to take on a much more strategic role in an HR organization. Dejan Milojicic Distinguished Technologist, Hewlett Packard Labs September 26, 2012, Dejan worked with Joe in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Dejan in coaching a team of select soccer players during the AYSO Spring Season 2012. Dejan has a talent for recognizing the strengths and weaknesses of each player and using this assessment towards developing the player for better performance both as an individual and as a team player. He devises practice and game strategies geared for enthusiasn, motivation, and team success. The players on this team showed considerable improvement over the course of the season and had great fun in the process. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Interests Qorvo, Inc. 11,696 followers Insight 72,583 followers Delta Products Corporation 12,235 followers Pulse 1,535,151 followers Google 4,871,291 followers MEMS & Sensors Industry Group 8,565 members See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Tani Project Manager at Sierra Wireless Sierra Wireless British Columbia Institute of Technology Vancouver, Canada Area 276 276 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 19 endorsements for Embedded Systems 19 Embedded Systems Leon Keng and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Wireless See 17 endorsements for Wireless 17 Wireless Kenneth Lee and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Software See 10 endorsements for Embedded Software 10 Embedded Software Philip Boulton and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Pulse 1,535,151 followers Sierra Wireless 13,306 followers British Columbia Institute of Technology 106,187 followers Simon Fraser University 112,040 followers British Columbia Institute of Technology 110,978 followers Simon Fraser University 116,467 followers
More Actions C. Scott has a account C. Scott Ananian Software/hardware engineer; MIT PhD; Owner, Ahuas Emigré Press; Lighting Designer Brookline Town Meeting Massachusetts Institute of Technology Greater Boston Area 209 209 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a computer engineer able to build hardware and write software. My PhD work was on transactional memory systems, and then I went to work on systems software for One Laptop per Child. I also own a small publishing company, and work as a lighting designer for Boston-area theater companies. I am not actively looking for work in my technical field of study at this time, but I am interested in short-term opportunities as a lighting designer (or other work in theater or film). I also welcome high-quality manuscripts on behalf of my publishing company.Specialties: Transactional memory, embedded systems, python, desktop search, filesystems, open source, free software, debian, linux, kernel, compiler construction, program analysis, hardware design, page layout, copyediting, publishing business. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Representative Precinct 10 Company Name Brookline Town Meeting Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Brookline, MA Elected to Brookline Town Meeting in May 2015. Have introduced 3 warrant articles to date. Senior Features Engineer Company Name Wikimedia Foundation Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Primarily working on the Parsoid next-generation wikitext/DOM parser. Owner Company Name Ahuas Emigré Press Dates Employed Dec 2005 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 6 mos Software Contractor Company Name Wikimedia Foundation Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Implementation work on the Parsoid next-generation wikitext/DOM parser. Contract grew out of my literacy work at OLPC. Director, New Technologies Company Name One Laptop Per Child Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Cambridge, MA Leading exploration of next-generation software architecture, and prototyping educational applications on a JavaScript/Firefox/Android stack. Software lead for literacy project in Ethiopia, where we are demonstrating acquisition of early literacy skills via unsupervised use of tablet computers. I map literacy objectives from academic partners into realizable software, and implement that software. See more positions Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Tech Squares Thesis research is on hardware and software support for transactional memory. Paper describing a portion of this research was an IEEE "Top Pick in Computer Architecture" for 2005 (published in Jan/Feb 2006 IEEE Micro). MIT Degree Name M.Sc. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Activities and Societies: MIT Shakespeare Ensemble. Princeton University Degree Name B.S.E. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1997 Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa National Honor Society, Tau Beta Pi National Honor Society, Sigma Xi National Honor Society. Outstanding Academic Achievement, Princeton School of Engineering. Vice-President, Princeton IEEE Student Chapter. Second place, IEEE Region I Student Prize Paper Contest, 1996. Concentration in Computer Engineering. Certificate from the Program in Theater and Dance. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Software Engineering See 23 endorsements for Software Engineering 23 Software Engineering Endorsed by Morgan Collett, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of C. Scott’s colleagues at One Laptop Per Child Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 17 endorsements for Python 17 Python Endorsed by Martín Langhoff and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of C. Scott’s colleagues at One Laptop Per Child Click and drag to reorder skills Linux See 17 endorsements for Linux 17 Linux Endorsed by Morgan Collett and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of C. Scott’s colleagues at Litl Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (3) Sharon Lally Director, Human Resources at One Laptop Per Child January 26, 2009, Sharon worked with C. Scott in different groups Scott is an exceptional software engineer and I am happy to recommend him. Ed McNierney Senior Director, Prize Strategy at XPRIZE Foundation January 9, 2009, Ed managed C. Scott directly Scott's an extremely talented and versatile engineer, and brings a wide range of analytic and technical skills to the work he does. His contributions to the team at One Laptop per Child covered both our laptop software and a variety of back-end management and server applications work. Scott's very good at thinking through the entire scope of a system and understanding the implications of design and implementation decisions on a large scale. He's also very articulate and communicates his thoughts and work well; Scott's the sort of person I came to OLPC to work with, and I'd love the chance to do something with him again in the future. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Chris Ball Engineer at Keybase, Inc. January 8, 2009, Chris worked with C. Scott in the same group Chris Ball is a highly professional colleague and a great developer. He was passionate about the mission of OLPC and always focused on the end users of our software. His responses were always well-considered and thus carried a great deal of weight. An able software generalist, he was able to dive into the most baroque and undocumented code bases or installations and spelunk his way to a successful solution. A pleasure to work with. Michael Stone Architect at Akamai Technologies January 8, 2009, Michael worked with C. Scott in the same group Michael is a meticulous engineer who believes in solid theory and well-tested implementation. He brought much-needed rigor to our release and testing process. Like the best software engineers, he enjoys reading code and is a valuable reviewer. His appetite for knowledge is voracious, and his own code was polished and elegant. Michael is a valuable addition to any team. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments C. Scott has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests ACM Members 16,501 members Pulse 1,535,151 followers Electronic Frontier Foundation 5,107 followers litl alumni 22 members Wikimedia Foundation 12,341 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology 277,240 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vera has a account Vera Koleva Staff Hardware Engineer at Brocade Brocade Technical University of Sofia Greater Denver Area 365 365 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Senior Design Engineer with extensive experience in high speed circuit design in the telecommunication industrySuccessful track record in state of the art product development from design through production release and qualification in customer’s applications Result-oriented, effective in creating a positive and productive work environmentProven ability to work well with other teams in the organization to define product requirements and achieve best level in quality in the new productSpecialties: High speed circuit design10GBPS E/O componetsFiber-optics product qualificationProject managementCustomer support See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Vera’s Activity 367 followers Hal Hilfi, MBA, MScME Vera liked Fingerprint Cards appoints Pontus Jägemalm as Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Vera commented See all activity Experience Staff Hardware Engineer Company Name Brocade Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Broomfield, CO Design Assurance/Product Engineer Company Name Avaya Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Westminster, CO Manage the development of key data switching products from concept , design, through qualification and successful production releaseCoordinate the efforts of design groups ( both internal and outside the company) , component vendors and factories/OEMs by timely communicating customer requirements, specifications, build schedules , yields Maintain the highest quality of data products by addressing yield variations at the factory and field failures, creating DFM criteria for new designs , working with component vendors for timely failure analysis and corrective action implementationAchieved substantial cost reduction on several products by identifying and qualifying alternate solutions and component sources. Worked closely with component engineers during circuit design stage to minimize single sourcing of components in order to manage risk and stay cost competitive Managed successful production transfer of complex products to new facility within the required time frame while maintaining high quality and good yields Senior Module Design Engineer Company Name OptiComp Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Zephyr Cove, NV Design 40GBPS WDM transceiver module for use in space , aircraft, satellite Develop test methods and test specifications based on customer requirements Write solution proposals for leading customers , manage project’s budget and assure timely completion of different phases in the development cycle Develop a DFM process for module assembly and test, implement risk and yield analysisDesign, high speed simulation of PCBs, system high speed evaluation and testing with state of the art test equipment Electro-Optical Design Engineer Company Name JDSU Inc Dates Employed May 2007 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Louisville, CO Designed Advanced Opto-Electronic systems using simulation, jitter budget analysis and link modeling for 10GBps optical transceiversDesign , test system development and implementation of new industry products by ensuring consistency in test methods to meet O/E specificationsLed product development by cross-functional system analysis and architecture between IC Design, Circuit Engineering, Test Engineering and Product MarketingLed EVT and DVT specification development and data analysis, assisted in test platform development and data analysis in reliability studiesContributed to process improvements in the manufacturing of the new product Worked closely with industry leading customers to finalize product requirements, assisted in solving customer issues, provided ongoing customer and sales support Sr.Electro-Optical Design Engineer Company Name Picolight, Inc Dates Employed Jan 2003 – May 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Advanced high speed circuit development in 10GBPS optical transceivers; Product development of Xenpak, X2 and SFP+ transceivers ; Test development and implementation See more positions Education Technical University of Sofia Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electronic Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1989 Featured Skills & Endorsements Testing See 47 endorsements for Testing 47 Testing Endorsed by Chris Clark, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Vera’s colleagues at Avaya Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 42 endorsements for Electronics 42 Electronics Endorsed by Paul Brusenbach and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Vera’s colleagues at OptiComp Click and drag to reorder skills Semiconductors See 27 endorsements for Semiconductors 27 Semiconductors Endorsed by Baljit Chandhoke and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Vera’s colleagues at Avaya Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) Dan Schwenn Aerospace Test Engineer April 14, 2009, Vera worked with Dan in the same group Vera is always very dedicated to doing an extremely good job on any product or project that she is associated with. She takes a high level of ownership in all of the work that she does. As the DVT Engineer at Picolight/JDSU, it was always good to see that one of Vera’s Products was coming up in the schedule, as I would always know that all the “t’s” would be crossed and all of the “i’s” dotted, in the development work that had gone into that Product. I would strongly recommend Vera for any high level engineering position. Daniel Edmans Sales Engineering Director at Technetix, Inc. January 20, 2009, Daniel worked with Vera in different groups Vera is an accomplished engineer and a pleasant person to work with. At Picolight she designed the XENPAK product and at JDSU she supported the SFP+ development project. She has extensive engineering capabilities from circuit design to product testing. She has an outgoing personality and is always willing to lend a hand to resolve any issues. She is recognized as a valuable asset to the development team and I would recommend her for a position in design or applications engineering. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Dan Schwenn Aerospace Test Engineer April 13, 2009, Dan worked with Vera in the same group I was very fortunate to work alongside Dan at Picolight. He is a very good test engineer, very thorough and hard working. Dan has a strong understanding of test methodology and standards, worked with state of the art test equipment. He contributed daily to improving the quality of our products. I can only hope that our paths will cross again, I strongly recommend his work ethic and personal qualities. Daniel Edmans Sales Engineering Director at Technetix, Inc. January 20, 2009, Daniel worked with Vera in the same group I was very fortunate to work with Dan at Picolight. A very hard working engineer with strong technical background in the industry, he was very instrumental in maintaining great relationships with top customers and vendors in the fiber-optics community. I highly recommend his professionalism and value his friendship. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests OFC Community 4,069 members Pulse 1,535,151 followers CISCO 269,949 members Brocade 109,626 followers Technical University of Sofia 25,595 followers Avaya Engineers 13,313 members See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Tani Project Manager at Sierra Wireless Sierra Wireless British Columbia Institute of Technology Vancouver, Canada Area 276 276 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Project Manager Company Name Sierra Wireless Dates Employed 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name Intrinsyc Software Dates Employed 2002 – 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name VTech Electronics Dates Employed 1995 – 2001 Employment Duration 6 yrs R&D Technologist Company Name Nexus Engineering Dates Employed 1989 – 1991 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education British Columbia Institute of Technology Degree Name Diploma of Technology Field Of Study Electrical/Electronics Simon Fraser University Degree Name B.A.Sc. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 19 endorsements for Embedded Systems 19 Embedded Systems Leon Keng and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Wireless See 17 endorsements for Wireless 17 Wireless Kenneth Lee and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Software See 10 endorsements for Embedded Software 10 Embedded Software Philip Boulton and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Simon Fraser University 116,466 followers Pulse 1,535,151 followers British Columbia Institute of Technology 106,187 followers Sierra Wireless 13,306 followers British Columbia Institute of Technology 110,978 followers Simon Fraser University 112,039 followers
More Actions Jason has a account Jason Zhang Hardware Engineer Dynamic Controls Dynamic Controls University of Canterbury Canterbury & West Coast, New Zealand 162 162 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a qualified electrical engineer and a specialist in power electronics design. A core part of what sets me apart is the ability to think very carefully about new ways of designing efficient and effective products. Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Dynamic Controls Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location 17 print place Christchurch After 3 months of working as a contracter for Dynamic Controls I was happy to take on a full time role in the Hardware Engineering team. In this team my responsibilities include designing medical grade wheelchair and scooter power controllers. commercial airplane maintenace trainee Company Name China Hainan Airlines Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos I have experience in maintenance of aircraft at HaiNan Airline, this was for four months. I also write a report and project idea for Grant China Aviation Technik designing a monitoring systems helps general engineers and gives them a whole view of plane. This Electrical Maintenance Notepad can improve the efficiency of the maintenance work that need to be done on each plane and what needs to be done. Well the result is the company doesn't have much, and can not speed any on these project. It is still very good experience for me. Aircraft Maintenance trainee Company Name Grant China Aviation Technik Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos · Checking and testing the electronics devices. Knowledge base : · Expanding my knowledge in aviation management. · Understanding the basic maintenance and layout of the Boeing 737-NG and Airbus 319/320. · Built on my knowledge of electronics and enhanced my problem solving skills. · I was also able to give an assessment and provide recommendations to improve the efficiency of the maintenance teams. Trainee Engineer Company Name China Telecom Corporation Limited Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos Roles and Responsibilities: · Supporting project manager's work · Checking the design and construction of the mobile stations Knowledge base : · Understanding the basic requirement of the mobile station. · Finding the mistakes in a resources distribution list an then fixing them · Assisting the project manager to plan the location for moblie station. IT, Petrol Company Name Cyber Works Information Technology Co Ltd Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Jan 2005 Employment Duration 3 mos Education University of Canterbury Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering, Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Chen's martial arts， UC Dance club, ENSOC, Fencing club. University of Canterbury Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering with Honours Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2008 University of Canterbury Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2008 (completed 2006) See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Electrical Engineering See 7 endorsements for Electrical Engineering 7 Electrical Engineering Alexander Bailey and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PCB Design See 3 endorsements for PCB Design 3 PCB Design Alexander Bailey and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 5 endorsements for Testing 5 Testing Alexander Bailey and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jason has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests James AltucherJames Altucher is a LinkedIn Influencer Editor at The Altucher Report 764,374 followers J.T. O'DonnellJ.T. O&#39;Donnell is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO - WorkItDaily.com | HR | Recruiting | Employment | Speaker | Trainer | Career Coach | Job Search 1,807,653 followers The Official Toastmasters International Members Group 74,691 members Quester Tangent 784 followers Social Media 16,342,530 followers University of Canterbury 59,485 followers See all See all following
More Actions Cornelius has a account Cornelius C. Hardware Engineer Boeing University of California, Davis Los Angeles, California 100 100 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Hardware engineer specialized in RF/Microwave circuits and systems. Highlights Experience RF/Microwave Hardware Engineer Company Name Boeing Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos RF/Microwave Hardware Engineer Company Name Keysight Technologies Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 2 mos Spinoff from Agilent Technologies RF/Microwave Hardware Engineer Company Name Agilent Technologies Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo This position led to extensive experience in the development and manufacturing of high performance RF/Microwave signal generators for the test and measurement market. Key customer base were commercial sectors (both wireless communication and wired infrastructure) and Aerospace and Defense. Emphasis on microwave modules and RF circuit board production. Extensive hands on lab experience in conjunction with theory and analysis.• RF printed circuit boards and microwave hybrids/modules• Frequency multipliers, filters, switches, amplifiers, mixers, detectors, IQ modulators, variable gain modulators, pulse modulators, and etc.• Thin film circuit design.• Hands on debugging of spurs, phase noise degradation, and low signal levels in complex assemblies at circuit board and module level.• RF circuit design for low phase noise. R&D Hardware Intern Company Name Agilent Technologies Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos • High frequency circuit modeling.• Measurement de-embeding.• Characterize prototype circuits for high bandwidth data acquisition system. Product Engineer Company Name Agilent Technologies Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos • Vector Network Analyzers• Prototype hardware• Responsible for production of microwave components and PCB assemblies such as frequency synthesizers, frequency converters, amplifiers, attenuators, filters, switches, and integrated microwave assemblies. Education University of California, Davis Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering University of California, Davis Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements RF See 11 endorsements for RF 11 RF Garrett Foltz and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Agilent ADS See 10 endorsements for Agilent ADS 10 Agilent ADS Alex Kwan and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Circuit Design See 10 endorsements for Circuit Design 10 Circuit Design Paul A. Lameiro and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Kelvin Yuk Engineer, Educator and Technologist July 6, 2015, Cornelius worked with Kelvin but at different companies Kelvin is an outstanding technical engineer. He has a deep understanding of Microwave/RF theory with an uncanny ability to apply practical knowledge into solving real world problems. He is excellent at developing and communicating a clear and concise plan when it comes to working on projects. Kelvin is also a team player and excellent person to work with. Accomplishments Interests Analog Mixed-Signal and RF (AMS/RF) IC Design and Development Group 25,036 members Board level RF and Microwave circuit designers 6,791 members RF Power Amplifiers 10,674 members Keysight ADS Users Group 70,740 members Pulse 1,535,151 followers University of California, Davis 210,320 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dajun has a account Dajun Cheng Experienced RF guy Syntronic Research and Development Canada Inc. University of Electronic Science and Technology Ottawa, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Hands-on experience in RF architect, RF hardware design, radio system analysis and trade-off, debugging and testing, antenna design, compliance and manufacturing support for massive production for mobile phone, base station, and broadband wireless access.- Hands-on experience and knowledge in WiFi, Bluetooth, LTE/LTE-A, WCDMA, GSM/GPRS/EDGE, CDMA, WiMax, UWB, DVB-H, Broadband Wireless Access LMDS; - Hands-on development of link budget analysis, radio system performance analysis, radio coexistence isolation analysis, frequency planning and interference analysis, troubleshooting and testing of radio system performance;- Hands-on experience on ECAD and simulation tools of Mentor Graphics, Cadence Allegro, OrCAD, Zuken, Matlab, ADS, IE3D, SEMCAD, FEKO, HFSS, EEsof, PSPICE;- Hands-on experience in LitePoint IQxel/IQnxn/IQviewer, Anritsu 8860C, Agilent N4010, R&S CMW500, CMU200, CBT, PTW70, Agilent 8960, Network Analyzer, Spectrum Analyzer, VSA, VSG, Signal Source Analyzer.- Inventor of several RF and antenna patents that have been widely cited by Qualcomm, Nokia, Boeing, General Motors, Amazon, Ericsson, Blackberry/Research In Motion, Intel, Toshiba, Hitachi, Murata, Pulse Finland, and academic publications.- Referee and reviewer of academic publications and foundations, and published over 50 peer-review academic journal papers in the area of RF, Antenna, Electromagnetics in US, China, UK, France, Canada, Japan, Netherlands. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. RF Hardware Designer Company Name Syntronic Research and Development Canada Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Kanata, Ontario, Canada Sr. RF Engineer, RF Simulation Manager Company Name ZTE Canada Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Kanata, ON, Canada - Provided antenna performance simulation, RF front end architecture with module and key component selection, RF performance and trade-off analysis for multiple mobile phone designs that have wireless capacity of CDMA, GSM, WCDMA, LTE/LTE-A, WiFi/BT, GPS.- Proposed architecture and simulations of integrated multi-band filter, integrated multi-band multiplexer, MIMO multi-band bandpass filter bank, and filed patents.- Proposed architecture and simulation of multi-band microline antenna for a mobile phone, and filed patent in US and China.- Proposed the in-device radio interference mitigation method for simultaneous operation of multi-radio, with patent developed and filed.- Granted Excellence Award in ZTE 2016 Terminal Innovation Competition with method for real-time image generation of augmented reality (AR) based on multiple cameras. RF Designer Company Name BlackBerry Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 6 yrs 4 mos Location Kanata, ON, Canada - Executed hands-on hardware design (schematics, layout, component evaluation and selection, matching), RF and INI file tuning, debugging, testing, isolation and desense analysis and debugs, regulatory and manufacturing support of WiFi and Bluetooth for Blackberry products (9530, 9670, 9900, 9930, a Z10 version, a Q10 version, and a 5" fulltouch smartphones), using CSR, TI, BRCM chipset.- Executed hands-on hardware design (schematics, layout, component evaluation and selection, matching), testing and debugging, and provided regulation and manufacturing support of WCDMA in Blackberry 9630.- Executed hands-on design and tuning of GSM and WCDMA Blackberry platforms. Sr. RF System Eng Company Name Radiospire Networks Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Nov 2007 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Hudson, MA, USA - Provided RF performance testing, debugging, tuning of UWB chipset in the reference board. Wireless Platform Architect Company Name Marvell Semiconductor Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Marlborough, MA, USA - Provided hardware architecture, hands-on hardware design (schematics, layout, component selection and evaluation), debugging and testing of MDTV board that used Siano chipset to support DVB-H, T-DMB, ISDB-T.- Inventor of 2 patents in RF and antenna. See more positions Education University of Electronic Science and Technology Degree Name Ph.D Field Of Study EE Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Editor, Academic Journal of Graduate Students Featured Skills & Endorsements RF See 46 endorsements for RF 46 RF Hari Shankar Shukla and 45 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills RF Engineering See 31 endorsements for RF Engineering 31 RF Engineering Endorsed by 18 of Dajun’s colleagues at BlackBerry Click and drag to reorder skills Antennas See 21 endorsements for Antennas 21 Antennas Endorsed by Dr. Scott Best, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Dajun’s colleagues at BlackBerry Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dajun has 6 patents 6 Expand patents section Patents Integrated balanced-unbalanced duplexer Compact ultra wideband microstrip resonating antenna Multi-band slot resonating ring antenna Multi-band dielectric resonator antenna Reconfigurable patch antenna apparatus, systems, and methods Compact multi-band, multi-port antenna Interests Royal Military College of Canada/Collège militaire royal du Canada 11,471 followers BlackBerry 261,524 followers Qualcomm 284,147 followers Royal Military College of Canada/Collège militaire royal du Canada 10,860 followers University of Electronic Science and Technology 11,970 followers Apple 3,419,307 followers See all See all following
More Actions whitney has a account whitney zhao Hardware Engineer at Facebook Facebook Southeast University San Francisco Bay Area 60 60 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Strong PCB motherboard/system design background, excellent product management experience and strong communication skill. 10 years server computer motherboard/system design and management experience;GPU server system Architect(with Nvidia GPU/Intel Xeon Phi/AMD GPU); Familiar with X86 motherboard architecture and design process; have plenty experiences of solving issues; Coordinate and manage multi-functional team engineering resource for product on-schedule release, customer supporting and satisfaction.Working with design team from precharter, development, validation to mass-production and end customer support. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Menlo Park, CA Staff Design Engineer Company Name Super Micro Computer Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area GPU server Architect, server motherboard designer and project management. Design debug engineer Company Name AMD Dates Employed May 2007 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Support customer like HP/Toshiba/Acer to do laptop Motherboard design based on AMD CPU and chipsets. Hardware design engineer Company Name Quanta Computer Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2004 – May 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs Quanta Computer Inc. is the world largest laptop computer manufacturer, for Apple,IBM(Lenovo) HP,Acer, Sony, Toshiba...most famous laptop company. every 1 of 4 laptop in the world comes from Quanta.laptop Motherboard design for Acer/Toshiba. Education Southeast University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Southeast University Degree Name Bachelor's degree of EE Field Of Study EE Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements PCB design See 4 endorsements for PCB design 4 PCB design Gabriele Gorla and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 3 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 3 Hardware Architecture Thomas Tang and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Processors See 2 endorsements for Processors 2 Processors Yinfeng Shi and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Intel IT Center 90,156 followers Supermicro 11,845 followers 东南大学 29,614 followers NETGEAR 15,863 followers Facebook 1,533,385 followers Pulse 1,535,150 followers See all See all following
More Actions Shayan has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Shayan Gaeni Biomedical Engineer Lungpacer Medical Inc. Simon Fraser University Vancouver, Canada Area 74 74 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an enthusiastic learner embarked on a journey to pursue my passion for researching, developing, and prototyping biomedical instrumentation. My appetite for knowledge and my curiosity about diagnostics, prevention, monitoring, treatment, or alleviation of diseases, injuries or handicaps and modifications of the anatomy or of a physiological process has led me to be constantly engaged in the field of medical systems and instrumentation.With a degree in Bachelors of Applied Science in the field of Biomedical Engineering with a focus in Biomedical Signals and Instrumentation, I have the ability to analyze health problems and incorporate modern technology to address these problems. My honours degree in Biomedical Engineering has the same foundations found in programming, electronics and systems engineering while using tools for improving health outcomes. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Biomedical Engineer Company Name Lungpacer Medical Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area • Developed written experimental test reports based on analyzed data concerning the hardware configuration of Lungpacer’s intravascular stimulating and ECG sensing electrodes• Assisted in the development and revision of experimental test protocols based on the results of pre-clinical data regarding ECG electrode shielding configurations, electrode crosstalk, sensing electrodes signal-to-noise ratio, charge waveforms, and externally attached sensing electrodes.• Actively contributed in comprehensive data analysis using the results of bench and pre-clinical experimental data with LabView and Matlab• Participated in the preparation and execution of bench and pre-clinical experiments on porcine subjects• Programmed waveforms signals, which activated the diaphragm muscle of a live subject through electrical impulses delivered through the phrenic nerves. The stimulating impulses was successfully used by the hardware team in the first in human protocols for design verification.• Communicated with third party suppliers, vendors and/or consultants as required Biomedical Engineer Company Name MENRVA Research Group Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Simon Fraser University • Researched and developed an assistive medical device that aided in the distribution of blood for individuals with high/low level spinal cord injuries• Constructed an abdominal binder to apply a compressive force on the torso region of theindividual, such that blood can be distributed throughout the circulatory system• Integrated various pressure sensors and stepper motors with conditioning circuits to help meet the optimal performance as specified by journal and research articles• Design consisted of a mechanically advantageous abdominal binder, pressure sensors, a stepper motor with planetary gearbox, power supply unit, microcontroller unit, blood pressure monitor, graphical user interface, and a PCB enclosed in 3D printed casing to make the medical device work in unison and to have a compact design while obtaining biomarker measurements to ensure the users safety• Created and obtained device and ethics approvals for testing the device on diverse populations• Performed numerous protocols for device testing on a healthy population and analyzed the data using statistical analysis to present at the ICORD annual symposium RF Hardware Engineer Company Name Alcatel-Lucent Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area • Used a Vector Network Analyzer (VNA) to acquire the the Scattering Parameters (S‐parameters) of 2‐port 3‐port, and 4‐port networks in order to obtain insertion loss, return loss, isolation, reflection coefficients, forward voltage gain, and reverse voltage gain at various RF• In AWR, an electronic design automation program, the 2‐port, 3‐port, and 4‐port S‐parameter files from the VNA were viewed as logarithmic graphs and smith charts in order to verify each component specification set out by the manufacturer and for RF circuit design• Prepared and executed design verification tests on AWS transmit section to ensure that the digital interface through to RF connectors complies with Alcatel Lucent’s RF Hardware requirements• Performed verification tests using a Signal Analyzer and LabView Control Panel, including functional testing of transmitter maximum output power, variable voltage attenuators dynamic range, adjacent and alternate channel leakages, image rejection, and transmitter to transmitter isolation• Analyzed analog and digital circuitry on the Advanced Wireless System (AWS) Metro Radio Outdoor (MRO) and Central Unit Board to establish whether every active and passive component meets the projects de‐rating requirements by completing a stress de‐rating analysis Education Simon Fraser University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Biomedical/Medical Engineering (Honors) Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2016 Biomedical Engineer has the unique opportunity of combining knowledge and skills from mathematics, physics and engineering with biology, human anatomy and physiology with the ultimate goal of designing technologies for improving human health.The Biomedical Engineering program created at SFU has a strong foundation in electrical and systems engineering. Additional specialized courses are completed in biomechanics, biochemistry, biomedical physiology, biomedical instrumentation, biomedical image acquisition and biosignal and image processing, clinical imaging, optics and biophotonics, and assistive devices. These provided a challenging research opportunity to increase analytical, quantitative and communication skills. Featured Skills & Endorsements Teamwork See 4 endorsements for Teamwork 4 Teamwork Sina Meschi and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Public Speaking See 3 endorsements for Public Speaking 3 Public Speaking Hamed Soltani and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Biomedical Engineering See 3 endorsements for Biomedical Engineering 3 Biomedical Engineering Hamed Soltani and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Shayan has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Research Ethics Approval Deans Honor Roll Shayan has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Optical Blood Flow and Absorption Measurement, Biomedical Instrumentation at Simon Fraser University NTSC Video Display Circuit, Electronic System Design at Simon Fraser University Shayan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Canadian Council on Animal Care (CCAC) / National Institutional Animal User Training (NIAUT) Program Shayan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Shayan has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Magneto-Optical Signatures for the Detection of Magnetic Molecules Suspended in Liquid Medium Interests Allergan 229,695 followers Kaleido Biosciences, Inc. 539 followers Medical Brands 1,087 followers Lungpacer Medical Inc. 272 followers BD 157,789 followers Simon Fraser University 112,037 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joe has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Joe Yu Engineer Google Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 384 384 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Hardware Engineer Company Name Cisco Systems Dates Employed May 2008 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location San Jose, CA Nexus 2000 Fabric Extender (Top of Rack Switch) product family system hardware design, bring-up and full life cycle support. Systems Engineer Company Name Nuova Systems Dates Employed Mar 2008 – May 2008 Employment Duration 3 mos Nexus 2000 Fabric Extender (Top of Rack Switch) product family system hardware design, bring-up and full life cycle support. Wireless Sytem Hardware Engineer Company Name Marvell Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Mar 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos - PCB design and support of validation boards for wireless system-on-chip (SOC) devices, featuringmultiple host interfaces, ARM processor cores, 802.11a/b/g and BlueTooth. Focus on facilitatingsilicon validation and testing.- PCB design, layout and support of reference designs for wireless SOC devices, showcasing RFperformance, minimal BOM costs and low power consumption. Reference designs enable internalsoftware development, customer demonstrations and customer product development.- Developing screening tests, compiling screening suites, assembling test setups, training andsupervising a team of technicians commissioned to bench screen devices in the absence ofproduction test for new silicon.- Creating block and system level validation plans adopted across Marvell’s wireless division.- Developing software for validation test automation.- Performing board and chip level failure analysis and troubleshooting for wireless SOC devices. Electrical Engineering Intern Company Name Orbital Sciences Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Sep 2005 Employment Duration 3 mos - Performed Failure Analysis on ordnance switches and flight computers, utilizing hand circuitanalysis and PSPICE simulations while generating technical analysis documentation.- Verified and corrected boost vehicle electrical system schematics to reflect actual hardware.- Researched components for Military Specification compliance to replace obsolete parts.- Traced VHDL code provided by subcontractors for CPLD’s used in subcontracted hardware. See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements PCB design See 11 endorsements for PCB design 11 PCB design Manson Wu and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 11 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 11 Hardware Architecture Endorsed by 6 of Joe’s colleagues at Cisco Click and drag to reorder skills Debugging See 11 endorsements for Debugging 11 Debugging Endorsed by 6 of Joe’s colleagues at Cisco Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Joe has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages German Mandarin Interests Stanford University 435,560 followers Google 4,871,293 followers Stanford University 373,237 followers
More Actions hesam has a account hesam zamani Hardware Engineer at Mahan Pardazesh Mahan Pardazesh Iran 36 36 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Mahan Pardazesh admin internet Company Name MahanPardazesh Dates Employed Jan 2001 – Present Employment Duration 16 yrs 5 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 4 Microsoft Excel Mahdi Poustini and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 3 endorsements for Microsoft Office 3 Microsoft Office Pejman Shojaei and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 3 endorsements for Customer Service 3 Customer Service parisa zamani and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments hesam has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Mtcna hesam has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Mahan Pardazesh 22 followers Pulse 1,535,150 followers Software Engineering 5,089,576 followers Digikala.com 8,952 followers
More Actions hesam has a account hesam zamani Hardware Engineer at Mahan Pardazesh Mahan Pardazesh Iran 36 36 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Mahan Pardazesh admin internet Company Name MahanPardazesh Dates Employed Jan 2001 – Present Employment Duration 16 yrs 5 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 4 Microsoft Excel Mahdi Poustini and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 3 endorsements for Microsoft Office 3 Microsoft Office Pejman Shojaei and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service See 3 endorsements for Customer Service 3 Customer Service parisa zamani and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments hesam has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Mtcna hesam has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Software Engineering 5,089,579 followers Pulse 1,535,152 followers Digikala.com 8,952 followers Mahan Pardazesh 22 followers
More Actions whitney has a account whitney zhao Hardware Engineer at Facebook Facebook Southeast University San Francisco Bay Area 60 60 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Strong PCB motherboard/system design background, excellent product management experience and strong communication skill. 10 years server computer motherboard/system design and management experience;GPU server system Architect(with Nvidia GPU/Intel Xeon Phi/AMD GPU); Familiar with X86 motherboard architecture and design process; have plenty experiences of solving issues; Coordinate and manage multi-functional team engineering resource for product on-schedule release, customer supporting and satisfaction.Working with design team from precharter, development, validation to mass-production and end customer support. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Menlo Park, CA Staff Design Engineer Company Name Super Micro Computer Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area GPU server Architect, server motherboard designer and project management. Design debug engineer Company Name AMD Dates Employed May 2007 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Support customer like HP/Toshiba/Acer to do laptop Motherboard design based on AMD CPU and chipsets. Hardware design engineer Company Name Quanta Computer Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2004 – May 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs Quanta Computer Inc. is the world largest laptop computer manufacturer, for Apple,IBM(Lenovo) HP,Acer, Sony, Toshiba...most famous laptop company. every 1 of 4 laptop in the world comes from Quanta.laptop Motherboard design for Acer/Toshiba. Education Southeast University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Southeast University Degree Name Bachelor's degree of EE Field Of Study EE Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements PCB design See 4 endorsements for PCB design 4 PCB design Gabriele Gorla and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 3 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 3 Hardware Architecture Thomas Tang and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Processors See 2 endorsements for Processors 2 Processors Yinfeng Shi and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Southeast University 31,268 followers NETGEAR 15,863 followers 东南大学 29,613 followers Chinese Overseas Talent Pool (TOP Chinese) 中国海外人才库 58,930 members Pulse 1,535,152 followers Intel IT Center 90,155 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joe has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Joe Yu Engineer Google Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 384 384 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Hardware Engineer Company Name Cisco Systems Dates Employed May 2008 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location San Jose, CA Nexus 2000 Fabric Extender (Top of Rack Switch) product family system hardware design, bring-up and full life cycle support. Systems Engineer Company Name Nuova Systems Dates Employed Mar 2008 – May 2008 Employment Duration 3 mos Nexus 2000 Fabric Extender (Top of Rack Switch) product family system hardware design, bring-up and full life cycle support. Wireless Sytem Hardware Engineer Company Name Marvell Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Mar 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos - PCB design and support of validation boards for wireless system-on-chip (SOC) devices, featuringmultiple host interfaces, ARM processor cores, 802.11a/b/g and BlueTooth. Focus on facilitatingsilicon validation and testing.- PCB design, layout and support of reference designs for wireless SOC devices, showcasing RFperformance, minimal BOM costs and low power consumption. Reference designs enable internalsoftware development, customer demonstrations and customer product development.- Developing screening tests, compiling screening suites, assembling test setups, training andsupervising a team of technicians commissioned to bench screen devices in the absence ofproduction test for new silicon.- Creating block and system level validation plans adopted across Marvell’s wireless division.- Developing software for validation test automation.- Performing board and chip level failure analysis and troubleshooting for wireless SOC devices. Electrical Engineering Intern Company Name Orbital Sciences Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Sep 2005 Employment Duration 3 mos - Performed Failure Analysis on ordnance switches and flight computers, utilizing hand circuitanalysis and PSPICE simulations while generating technical analysis documentation.- Verified and corrected boost vehicle electrical system schematics to reflect actual hardware.- Researched components for Military Specification compliance to replace obsolete parts.- Traced VHDL code provided by subcontractors for CPLD’s used in subcontracted hardware. See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements PCB design See 11 endorsements for PCB design 11 PCB design Manson Wu and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 11 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 11 Hardware Architecture Endorsed by 6 of Joe’s colleagues at Cisco Click and drag to reorder skills Debugging See 11 endorsements for Debugging 11 Debugging Endorsed by 6 of Joe’s colleagues at Cisco Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Joe has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages German Mandarin Interests Stanford University 373,237 followers Stanford University 435,560 followers Google 4,871,301 followers
More Actions Nihar has a account Nihar Jindal Staff Hardware Engineer at Google Google Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am currently a Staff Hardware Engineer in Google, working on wireless projects within the Access & Energy area.From 2011-2014 I worked in WLAN systems design at Broadcom, on 802.11 standards and chip development. My work on 802.11 standards involved developing new PHY/MAC concepts for next-generation WLAN standards such as 802.11ac/ah/ax. I am an established participant at 802.11 meetings, and some of my technical contributions were incorporated into 802.11ah. I also developed and implemented advanced PHY features for WLAN chips. This work included algorithm design, fixed point implementation, design verification, and post-silicon testing/debugging. My work led to 1 issued patent and 27 patents pending.From 2004 - 2010 I was an Assistant/Associate Professor in the Dept. of Electrical Engineering at the University of Minnesota. I taught courses on wireless and digital communication, information theory, and probability, and I led a research lab that focused on the analysis and development of innovative wireless technology. I served as the principal research advisor for three PhD theses. My research led to more than 30 publications in internationally recognized journals such as the IEEE Trans. on Wireless Communication, numerous conference publications, and over 10,000 citations. Three of these publications received best paper awards (IEEE Communications Society and Information Theory Society Joint Paper Award in 2005 and 2011, Best Paper Award for IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communication in 2009). Multi-user MIMO has been a topic of particular focus, and my work has influenced the standardization of MU-MIMO in WLAN (802.11ac) and cellular (LTE) networks. I received a BS in Electrical Engineering/Computer Science from UC Berkeley in 1999 and a PhD in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University in 2004, with an emphasis on wireless communication and information theory. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Staff Hardware Engineer, Access & Energy Company Name Google Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Mountain View, CA Senior Principal Engineer Company Name Broadcom Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Sunnyvale, CA IEEE 802.11 standardization activities - development of new PHY and MAC concepts for next generation WLAN standards, e.g., 802.11ac/ah/ax.Algorithm design and chip development for WLAN chips Associate Professor, Dept. of Electrical and Computer Engineering Company Name University of Minnesota Dates Employed Aug 2004 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 6 yrs 6 mos Location Minneapolis, MN IEEE Communications Society and Information Theory Society Joint Paper Award2011, "Multiuser MIMO Achievable Rates With Downlink Training and Channel State Feedback"Guillermo E. Borja Award, University of Minnesota, 2010IEEE Communications Society Leonard G. Abraham Prize (JSAC Best Paper Award)2009, "Limited Feedback-Based Block Diagonalization for the MIMO BroadcastChannel"NSF CAREER Award, 2008McKnight Land-Grant Professor, University of Minnesota, 2007-2009IEEE Communications Society and Information Theory Society Joint Paper Award2005, "On the Duality of Gaussian Multiple-Access and Broadcast Channels" Consultant Company Name DoCoMo USA Labs Dates Employed 2010 – 2010 Employment Duration less than a year Visiting Researcher Company Name Universitat Pompeu Fabra Dates Employed 2008 – 2008 Employment Duration less than a year See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2004 Recipient of Ezra Frederick Scattergood Fellowship University of California, Berkeley Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering/Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Electrical Engineering Honors Program Eta Kappa Nu Featured Skills & Endorsements Wireless See 56 endorsements for Wireless 56 Wireless Jon Moon and 55 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Signal Processing See 55 endorsements for Signal Processing 55 Signal Processing Endorsed by Robert Heath and 19 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Nihar’s colleagues at Broadcom Limited Click and drag to reorder skills MIMO See 42 endorsements for MIMO 42 MIMO Endorsed by Reinaldo Valenzuela and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Nihar’s colleagues at Broadcom Limited Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nihar has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award IEEE Fellow Interests Broadcom Limited 136,305 followers Stanford University 435,560 followers Stanford University 373,237 followers Pulse 1,535,151 followers University of California, Berkeley 521,267 followers University of California, Berkeley 498,456 followers
More Actions Jia-yi has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Jia-yi Chen Engineer at Google Google University of Michigan San Francisco Bay Area 299 299 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Principal Engineer Company Name InvenSense, Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Sr. Staff Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Atheros Dates Employed May 2011 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos * Designed an all-digital bang-bang frequency multiplying delay locked loop (MDLL) with low rms jitter used for high-speed data converters.* Designed an all-digital Fractional-N PLL with wide-tuning range & low jitter for high-speed data converters & general purpose clock sources.* Implemented XO and various critical clock paths. Member of Technical Staff Company Name Atheros Communications (Acquired by Qualcomm) Dates Employed May 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo RFIC Designer Company Name ZeroG Wireless (Acquired by Microchip) Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos * TX lead on a low-power WiFi receiver. See more positions Education University of Michigan Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 National Taiwan University Featured Skills & Endorsements IC See 16 endorsements for IC 16 IC Karma Dias and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CMOS See 12 endorsements for CMOS 12 CMOS Endorsed by 2 of Jia-yi’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills RF See 8 endorsements for RF 8 RF Karma Dias and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Bendik Kleveland Distinguished Engineer at MoSys January 11, 2010, Bendik managed Jia-yi directly Jia-yi joined the project and designed a DAC for Tx from scratch in record time. In addition to careful review of the state of the art in DAC design and consulting with internal experts for the design of the core, he was meticulous with power, decoupling, and clocking, ensuring first time silicon success. When one engineer left, he was the obvious choice to own the entire Tx design. He found a critical oscillation problem and led the debug. This ended up on the critical path for the success of the project and the company. He worked well under stress exploring several on-chip and board experiments, and involved the entire team in the debug and the final resolution. He even took the design through the RF production testing, ensuring a successful first product for the company. I would strongly recommend Jia-yi. His technical abilities alone are exceptional, but his team playing skills make him a golden asset to the company. Stanley Wang Sr. Director, IC Design at InvenSense, Inc. January 2, 2010, Stanley managed Jia-yi directly Jia-yi is one of the most open-minded team players I've ever met. He always offers to share his profound knowledge and unique insights on circuits and everything else with the team members unselfishly, which directly enhances the productivity/efficiency of the team and indirectly promotes a treasurable value system to the group. These merits were obviously reflected at his tenure of TX lead where he managed to accomplish an extremely challenging task. He was able to communicate effectively within the team as well as cross departments, openly give people credits to stimulate morale, and work hard to get things done. As a circuit designer, he's a brilliant fast-learner who has now become an expert on both baseband and RF circuitries. He can certainly pick up any block and finish it with state-of-the-art performance. I feel very blessed to work with him closely! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jia-yi has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications A fully integrated auto-calibrated super-regenerative receiver A 3.6mW 2.4-GHz multi-channel super-regenerative receiver in 130nm CMOS Interests Atheros Communications 4,139 followers National Taiwan University 69,129 followers Google 4,871,309 followers University of Michigan 368,382 followers Pulse 1,535,151 followers University of Michigan 388,111 followers See all See all following
More Actions Donald has a account Donald Roy Sr. Hardware Engineer at Timex Group Timex Group University of Hartford Middlebury, Connecticut 262 262 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Honeywell Analytics (formally Sperian / Bacou-Dalloz / Biosystems)Honeywell Analytics ( 2010 to Present) : Principle Electrical Engineer and Lead EngineerSperian (2006 to 2010) : Sr Electronic Design Engineer (2006)Bacou-Dalloz (1995 to 2006) : Electronic Design Engineer (2000)Biosystems (1983 - 1995) : Engineering Test Technician / Electronic Technician / Instrument Repair Technician See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name Timex Group Dates Employed May 2015 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Middlebury, Ct Product Support Engineer, Electronics Engineering Company Name Triumph Group Dates Employed Mar 2015 – May 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Location West Hartford, Ct Investigation and Root Fault Cause of Engine Control Units Sr Electronic Design Engineer Company Name Honeywell Analytics Dates Employed Dec 1983 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 31 yrs 1 mo Location Middletown Ct Responsible for electronic hardware design of microcontroller based hand held instrumentation used in hazardous locations and designed for intrinsic safety in thepersonal protection market. These battery powered instruments include primary and secondary battery types, digital circuitry, analog circuitry, and power management . Extensive experience with Texas Instruments MSP430 microcontroller family along with Microchip PIC controllersDesigns Projects with responsabilities:Toxi Plus and Toxi Ultra (Electronics)Smart Sensor TechnologyPHD2 (Electronics)Cannonball2 (Project Manager and Electronics)ToxiVision (Electronics and firmware in "C")MultiVision (Project Manager and Electronics)MightyTox (Project Manager, Electronics and firmware in "Assembly")MightyTox2 (Project Manager, Electronics and firmware in "Assembly")ToxiPro and ToxiLTD (Project Manager and Electronics)ToxivisonEX (Project Manager and Electronics)Multipro (Electronics)ToxivisionIR (Electronics)TravelPanel50 (Project Manager and Electrical)NXP and EXP (Electronics)IQ Force (Electronics)BW Clip (Electronics) Electronic Technician Company Name Novametrix Medical Dates Employed Apr 1988 – Dec 1988 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Phillips Respironics in Wallinford Ct Setup, Test and Calibration of Electronic Medical Devices Education University of Hartford Degree Name BSEET Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Activities and Societies: Magna Cum Laude Capital Community Technical College Degree Name ASCET Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Hartford State Technical College Degree Name ASEET Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1988 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics See 49 endorsements for Electronics 49 Electronics Michael Cardin and 48 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 28 endorsements for Testing 28 Testing Michael Cardin and 27 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Manufacturing See 24 endorsements for Manufacturing 24 Manufacturing Richard Sangster and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,151 followers Advanced Circuits 1,070 followers Honeywell Analytics 10,356 followers Triumph Group 11,893 followers Timex Group 16,295 followers University of Hartford 46,656 followers See all See all following
More Actions Zhaoming has a account Zhaoming Zhu Optical Scientist at Oculus VR Oculus VR University of Rochester Greater Seattle Area 267 267 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Extensive research experiences in optics and photonics, especially in fiber optics, nonlinear optics, photonic crystals, and slow light; Years of industrial experiences in lasers, laser applications, and optical system design/testing. Highlights Experience Optical Scientist Company Name Oculus VR Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Redmond, WA Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Seattle Area Work on something big and interesting. Sr. Optical Engineer Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Work on Kinect products: Infrared light sources and illumination system, infrared cameras, RGB cameras, and depth sensing engines. Optical Engineer Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 4 mos Worked on a high efficiency reflector design for wedge displays. System Engineer Company Name KLA-Tencor Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 5 mos Improved algorithms and system designs for a wafer strain monitoring system. See more positions Education University of Rochester Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Optics Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2004 Tsinghua University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Applied Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 Tsinghua University Degree Name BE Field Of Study Electronic Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Optics See 22 endorsements for Optics 22 Optics Endorsed by Yujun Deng and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Zhaoming’s colleagues at Oculus VR Click and drag to reorder skills Photonics See 13 endorsements for Photonics 13 Photonics Endorsed by Wanli Chi and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Zhaoming’s colleagues at Oculus VR Click and drag to reorder skills Laser See 10 endorsements for Laser 10 Laser Endorsed by Yujun Deng and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Zhaoming’s colleagues at Oculus VR Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Entrepreneurship 16,575,474 followers Leadership & Management 24,847,647 followers University of Rochester 73,580 followers Tsinghua University 130,467 followers ZEMAX Users 2,547 members Amazon 2,205,969 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dan has a account Dan Tang Hardware Engineer at HP JDS Uniphase Wayne State University Portland, Oregon Area 213 213 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Problem Solving Trouble-shooting; devising and implementing creative solutionsDigital Design and Verification ToolsVerilog, VHDL, ModelSim, Synplify, Timing designer, ispLEVER, Xilinx ISE, SinaptiCAD, Cadence Nclaunch/NcSim/Ambit Build-Gates in Unix environmentElectric Design ToolsAltium Designer, MPLAB IDE, Cadence Allegro SPB, OrCad Schematic Capture, Mentor Graphic Schematic, Multisim, Pspice, HyperLynx, Mentor Graphic Pads, L-edit Test ToolsLecroy SDA and infinity oscilloscopes, logic analyzer, TDR, DMM, Functional Generator, Boundary Scan tester, Beagle I2C/SPI bus probes, Catalyst PCI analyzers, Green Hills ProbeSoftware Design ToolsC/C++, Python, Labview, Matlab, Visual BasicOperating Systems Unix, Windows 95/98/2000/xp, MS-DOS, MS office OthersTeam player, Self-motivated See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Electrical Engineer Company Name JDS Uniphase Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 5 mos Delivered hand-held Microscope products including controller board and 5M-Pixel CMOS sensor board:• Performed schematic design, PCB design, Firmware code development with digital and analog interface, design verification, design review with marketing and mechanical departments, design documents transfer to manufacturing department• Selected components, PCB and PCA suppliers for prototype; coordinated with vendors for quote, deadline, specification, and trouble-shooting, etc Hardware Engineer Company Name HP Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Participated in HP Edgeline printer’s engine main board and backplane board’s design and verification. Accomplished design/design verification/debug/test on PowerPC-FPGA-sensors systems:•Designed and brought up Xilinx Virtex 4 based I/O backplane boards to interface with PowerPC’s local bus including figuring out JTAG, EPROM and FPGA’s configuration and connection, Power, signal distribution and termination for schematic capture; checking key digital signals’ signal integrity issues, observing traffic and debugging local bus signals•Debugged main-backplane-sensor boards on issues of SPI/I2C/PCI/PCI-e busses, DRAM, ADC, DAC and power management system including collecting defects’ feedback from customers, testing with equipments, simulating transmission lines and multiple boards, analyzing, communicating with cross-function teams, diagnosing and issuing rework instructions, and filing defect tracker with whole procedure till defect’s close•Working closely with Firmware engineers to verify the design of PowerPC Peripheral bus, which related to PowerPC’s reset and initialization, timer, interrupts, clocking, EBC controller and DRAM controller, etc.•Developed automated system test scripts in Python with class reading and writing to memory mapped registers for remote test of PCA’s via telnet sessions•Verified and debugged FPGA design by enclosing classes to emulate the Verilog test benches, etc.•Participated in PCB design review meetings and verified PCB design•Explored Boundary Scan test design with reference to IEEE 1149.1 including checking and modifying JTAG chains’ connections and generating test plans in Corelis’ tester Hardware Engineer Company Name Unisys Dates Employed Apr 2005 – Oct 2005 Employment Duration 7 mos Implemented document imaging systems which scan bank cheques, developed and validated programmable logic of CCD sensor controller with Lattice CPLD, verified design of daughter and sensor boards: •Conducted timing analysis by analyzing mixed-signal circuit architecture and video sensor specification•Design, simulated and synthesized programmable logic (Camera control logic) with VHDL on Lattice CPLD; verified the design conforming to functional specification with actual measurement•Debugged prototype hardware till clear image appeared•Developed test plans and performed verification tests such as graphic’s SNR•Performed schematic capture and PCB documentation such as BOM, Assembly drawing, etc. Electrical Engineer Company Name Turchan Technology Dates Employed Dec 2004 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 4 mos Designed electrical control system of Gauge with Labview independently on FieldPoint equipments with communication to technical support representative in NI Teaching assistant and Research assistant Company Name Wayne State University Dates Employed Aug 2001 – Aug 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Metal-Insulator-Metal Structure used in pressure sensor, LED and RAM•Studied the principle of microelectronics; built algorithm model with C/C++; analyzed data distribution with plot by Matlab; manipulated and tested the devices; wrote thesis •Finished projects of Encryption/Decryption and Pipeline Cellular Array with Xilinx Spartan II FPGA, 16-bit CISC CPU, 16-bit algorithm shifter layout Undergraduate Teaching: •Managed and organized lab content including schedule, material, project topic, cooperation with technician on equipments’ issues, etc.; gave lectures of principle; instructed experiments and projects for Microelectronics lab and Labview lab Education Wayne State University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 Huazhong University of Science and Technology Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Optoelectronics Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Ken Neal Senior Digital Design Engineer at Sagetech Corporation February 17, 2009, Ken was senior to Dan but didn’t manage directly I worked with Dan on a boundry scan test project at HP. Dan was a pleasure to work with. She quickly came up to speed on new tools and software and showed initiative and diligence in completing job tasks. Dominique Gougeon R&D Lead Firmware engineer at Hewlett-Packard November 16, 2008, Dan worked with Dominique in the same group I had the opportunity to closely work with Dan bringing up new boards and checking the initial design, particularly the verification of the PCI-express and PCI buses. She is a dedicated and hard working electrical engineer She quickly grasped new concepts and was able to easily switch to various tasks. I really enjoyed working with Dan. She is very respectful. She would be a great addition to any R&D electrical design team. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Huazhong University of Science and Technology 60,200 followers ARM Based Group 29,813 members CMOS/CCD IMAGE SENSOR GROUP 9,666 members PDX Technology Professionals - Portland Oregon 45,157 members Big Data | Analytics | Strategy | Finance | Innovation 229,951 members Analog & Mixed Signal Society 15,424 members See all See all following
More Actions Ivan has a account Ivan Hristov Hardware Engineer at Visteon Corporation Visteon Corporation Technical University of Sofia Bulgaria 233 233 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm Electronics engineer with an experience in semiconductors manufacturing, emergency power supplies and automotive electronics. Currently, I'm Hardware R&D Engineer in Visteon Corporation developing hardware for cockpit electronics in automotive industry.Previously, I was Field engineer in AlphaGrissin Infotech BG, responsible for installation, commissioning and breakdown support of emergency power systems. Also I was an Product Engineer in Melexis manufacturing I and my task was to solve problems with the production. My goal is continuously improvement of my technical and professional skills.Competencies: Automotive electronics, Hardware Design, UPS systems , Diesel Generators, Manufacturing.Interests: Electronics,Power Electronics, SMPS, UPS systems, Automotive and Motorcycle Mechanics, Rail road Systems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Visteon Corporation Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Sofia - Perform Requirements and Specification Analysis.- Schematic Capture and BOM.- Detailed Design and Circuit Analysis.- Define HW Verification Planing.- Support Design of PWB.- Perform HW Verification Testing.- Develop HSIS.- Estimation of duration of performed tasks.- Responsible for the quality of performed tasks.- EMC/EMI testing and verification Field Engineer Company Name Alpha Grissin Infotech BG Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Bulgaria - Installation & Commissioning of UPS and/or Diesel Generators;- Providing breakdown support, repair, planned preventive maintenance;- Fault finding and repairing to component level on analogue and digital electrical and electronic power supplies (UPS) and/or Diesel Generators. Electronics Engineer Company Name Melexis Microelectronic Integrated Systems Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Bulgaria - Solving problems with electronic devices in manufacturing- Failure analysis of customer returned devices- Calibration and validation of test equipment- Executing test cases and procedures- Creation and modification of scripts for automated test benches​ Facility Engineer Company Name TelecityGroup Bulgaria ( former 3DC.net) Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Sofia - Monitoring of air conditioning systems – Computer room air conditioners , cooling towers, circulation pumps, condensers , etc.- Maintenance of UPS , batteries , Automatic Transfer Switches, Gensets.- Monitoring of fire suppression systems.- Fiber optic and conventional wiring in​ facility rooms.- Customer support Education Technical University of Sofia Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2016 Technical University of Sofia Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Member of students council. Thesis: AC/DC converter with pure sinewave output. Technical High School of Burgas Degree Name technician Field Of Study electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 Volunteer Experience Member of students council Company Name Technical University of Sofia Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Dec 2012 Volunteer duration 3 yrs Cause Education Member of University Control Council Company Name Technical University of Sofia Dates volunteered Jan 2012 – Dec 2012 Volunteer duration 12 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics See 23 endorsements for Electronics 23 Electronics Endorsed by Yani Kolkas and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ivan’s colleagues at Visteon Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Teamwork See 12 endorsements for Teamwork 12 Teamwork Endorsed by Steliyana Petkova and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ivan’s colleagues at Visteon Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Power Electronics See 8 endorsements for Power Electronics 8 Power Electronics Endorsed by 2 of Ivan’s colleagues at Visteon Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ivan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Bulgarian English Ivan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification 3rd class electrical safety training Interests Inteleksys Ltd 35 followers Bombardier Transportation 102,061 followers Technical University of Sofia 26,443 followers Equinix EMEA 7,416 followers Uninterruptible Power Supply Forum 116 members UniPOS LTD. EU Bulgaria 30 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Grattan Senior Hardware Engineer at Luminex Software Luminex Software University of California, Riverside Portland, Oregon Area 113 113 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Opportunities for electronics design.Specialties: FPGA design using VHDL. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Brian’s Activity 114 followers End of Support for TS7700 3957 VEA/V06 Virtualization Engines is coming soon! Get Trade-In Credit towards a "Perfect Fit" Luminex MVT and fast tape migration or view details about the EOS announcements at http://lmnx.co/ts7700eosm Brian liked See all activity Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Luminex Software Dates Employed Mar 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 3 mos Board and FPGA design for PCI-X and PCIe boards. Lecturer Company Name University of California, Riverside Dates Employed 2004 – 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs Lectured embedded systems class part-time. Sub-contractor Company Name NOVA Reasearch and Development Dates Employed Dec 2002 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Worked on contract (1099) designing prototype boards for custom chips to be used in X-ray equipment. Hardware Engineer Company Name Schneider Electric Dates Employed 1997 – 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education University of California, Riverside Degree Name MSEE Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 Iowa State University Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1997 Volunteer Experience Vice-Chair Company Name Fairview Parks and Recreation Dates volunteered Feb 2013 – Feb 2015 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 15 endorsements for Embedded Systems 15 Embedded Systems Per Martin and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills FPGA See 9 endorsements for FPGA 9 FPGA David Feimer and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 9 endorsements for Electronics 9 Electronics Michael Pantoja and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brian has 8 patents 8 Expand patents section Patents Flexible circuit adhered to metal frame of device Electrical fault detection circuit with dual-mode power supply Blocking/inhibiting operation in an arc fault detection system Arc fault receptacle with a feed-through connection Test, reset and communications operations in an ARC fault circuit interrupter with optional memory and/or backup power Arc fault protected electrical receptacle Arc fault circuit interrupter Arc fault protected device Interests Reconfigurable Computing 1,079 members Iowa State University Network 32,757 members Iowa State University 165,386 followers Pulse 1,535,154 followers Luminex Software, Inc. 256 followers University of California, Riverside 83,355 followers See all See all following
More Actions Keith has a account Keith Drummond Principal Hardware Engineer at Dell EMC Ireland 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Principal Engineer with over 21 years of experience in EMC. - Dedicated to maintaining highest quality standards.- First-class analytical and problem solving skills. - Data-driven approach: Subject-matter exert on the use of data to derive value for the business. Identifies problems (pain-points) in the information supply chain and through design thinking and process improvements, develops solutions.- Proven leadership skills involving managing and developing teams to achieve their objectives.- Able to work on own initiative and as part of a team. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Keith’s Activity 587 followers Dimensional Modeling and Kimball Data Marts in the Age of Big Data and Hadoop Keith liked As always Larry Stybel and Maryanne Peabody hit the nail right on the head. Love it. A quick 5 page read. As teams are more and more physically separated we need to always think about how to communicate better. Toughest thing to do as a manager is communicate. Telling stories resonants. Very nice. -Ed Keith commented Dell EMC Releases New Generation Isilon Scale-Out NAS | StorageReview.com - Storage Reviews Keith liked The Dell EMC Elect lounge at Dell EMC World . If you look closely you might see something that is a guide to data value ;) Keith liked The Data Value Map is hanging in the Dell EMC Elect Lounge and has given rise to great curiosity and conversation Keith commented We have had some very interesting sessions with some Dell-EMC experts to help us create the best Data Model for reporting all our service-based activities. The sessions were part of a DELL-EMC gives back initiative involving Keith Drummond, Vincent O'Brien, Ruth Kelly, Dave Allen, Paddy Kavanagh who worked together with Cork Simon using their DELL-EMC gives back time to provide data consulting services. A very BIG Thank You to you all. We would also like to thank Prof. Dave Sammon (UCC) for helping us in the sessions. Using the Data Model Canvas and the Data Value Map created by Dave and Dr. Tadhg Nagle we begun mapping out the key needs for a successful data model and also demonstrated a DELL-EMC SalesForce used-case to explain how SalesForce could deliver the remaining pieces of the Data Supply Chain. Thank you all for your generous time and insights. Keith commented See all activity Experience Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name EMC Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos - Lead global team responsibility for system installation success rate.-Lead team responsible for Field Monitoring and Performance.-Engages with multiple groups to improve the quality of EMC products and procedures in the field. -Drive corrective actions through various groups.-Present findings and recommendations to senior management.-Innovation Conference 2013 winner.-Innovation Conference 2011 finalist. Principal Test Engineer Company Name EMC Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos -Test Engineering Program Lead for New Product Introductions.-Chaired weekly meeting with Hardware Quality Assurance group - ownership of capturing / documenting the relevant minutes / issues. Meeting covers many areas, from manufacturing failures to field failures, including critical failures.-Led weekly Systems Failure Analysis meeting where failure trends are monitored from the test process and root cause of issues is sought and corrective actions put in place.- Led Sustain Meeting for manufacturing - key performance indicator metrics (SOE, Cycle Time) utilized to drive corrective actions within test processes - led to development of checklists to push defect detection left and improve the KPI metrics. Senior Test Engineer Company Name EMC Dates Employed Jan 2001 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 9 yrs 6 mos -Led numerous Six Sigma and Lean projects - savings in excess of $1M for example:--1 Systems Environmental Process Optimisation --2 New Test introduction--3 Improving Troubleshooting of Backend Errors in Enterprise Systems--4 Run Time in Shipcode--5 Reducing Information Search Time--6 Gathering Global Reporting Requirements- Led project for the introduction of a new test process - which required buy-in from many groups (Engineering, Hardware Quality Assurance, manufacturing plants in different geographies) - developed and delivered test requirements to a specification document. - Provided Technical Support to Engineering groups as well as Troubleshooting of most difficult problems in the Systems Test and Environmental Stress Screening areas.- Provided root cause on important and urgent failures impacting Systems.- Provided detailed debug guidelines to engineers and technicians on a variety of issues (from relatively simple to highly complex).- Supported introduction of numerous new products in the Enterprise Class range of products. Failure Analysis Engineer Company Name EMC Dates Employed Sep 1998 – Jan 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos - Provided root cause on important and urgent failures impacting Systems.- Provided Technical Support to ESS, Systems and H/W QA groups- Involved in team that set up Alerts system for manufacturing. Test Engineer Company Name EMC Dates Employed Sep 1996 – Sep 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo - Gained high level understanding of Symmetrix systems- Developed and delivered training to technicians on new products (Enterprise Level Products).- Worked on the most challenging / critical errors and developed best practice for troubleshooting of these errors. See more positions Education University College Cork Degree Name Master of Science (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Data Business Grade 1H Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2016 Enterprise Data Management Data a Business AnalysisInnovation Management for Data Business.Agile Project DeliveryDesign Thinking and Process ImprovementApplied Research MethodsResearch Seminars in Data BusinessData-Driven DesignBig Data and Analytics University College Cork Degree Name BE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering & Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Activities and Societies: An Chuallacht Graduated with Honours in Electrical Engineering. Final Year Project at NMRC (now Tyndall Institute) on "Development of Destructive and Non-Destructive Analysis Capabilities for Electronic Assemblies".Participated in An Chuallacht (Irish Language Society). An Mhainistir Thuaidh Degree Name Leaving Certificate 1991 Field Of Study Physical Sciences Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1991 Volunteer Experience Junior Achievement Ireland Company Name EMC Dates volunteered Oct 2012 – Dec 2012 Volunteer duration 3 mos Cause Education Great learning experience for me - and the kids! Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Business Analysis See 1 endorsement for Data Business Analysis 1 Data Business Analysis Dave Sammon has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Innovation Management Innovation Management No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Agile Methodologies See 1 endorsement for Agile Methodologies 1 Agile Methodologies Piotr Sobonski has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (13) Given (2) Chad Bedard Principal Engineering Team Lead – VMAX Platform Engineering at Dell EMC May 22, 2012, Chad worked with Keith in different groups Keith is a great guy to work with. He’s a knowledgeable hard worker who is willing to take on tough projects and improve the overall quality of EMC’s products. Bob MacArthur Consulting Engineer at Dell EMC Corporation May 17, 2012, Bob worked with Keith in different groups I've worked with Keith for the last year or so and I've found him to be extremely capable and very thorough in every task that he takes on. He's easy to work with and always follows through on his assignments. He's been assigned the task of correcting field related system installation problems with the hardware and in a very short time his actions are starting to show positive results. Nice job Keith! View 11 more recommendations View 11 more recommendations recommendations Earl Medeiros Consultant Software Performance Engineer at DELL-EMC April 24, 2012, Keith worked with Earl in different groups Earl is an extremely bright individual with outstanding technical ability, and he is very highly regarded. Earl and I worked together on numerous projects, spanning various design disciplines, and Earl always delivered project deliverables on time that exceeded customer expectations. Earl's excellent problem-solving ability made him the go-to person for solving the most challenging problems. His knowledge and technical expertise was commonly sought after. Earl was a pleasure to work with, and he will be a key contributor to any endeavor he is involved in. John Greene senior support engineer at emc November 14, 2008, John worked with Keith in the same group I worked with John for a number of years. A hard-working, honest and reliable person who pays great attention to detail. An asset to any company, without a doubt. Accomplishments Keith has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards MSc. in Data Business Distinction Award Special Award for Contribution to Data & Analytics Practice Innovation Roadmap Winner EMC Ireland COE Innovation Finalist EMC Lean Six Sigma Cup Winner Keith has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Electrical Engineering & Electronics Information Storage and Management Six Sigma Green Belt Keith has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages French Irish Keith has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization IEI Keith has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Enabling part defect 360’s: the practitioner’s view Interests VCE 52,565 followers Paddy Power Betfair 38,878 followers EMC VMAX Storage Group 6,618 members Europe 1,450,888 followers Dell EMC XtremIO 9,541 followers Continuous Improvement, Six Sigma, & Lean Group 162,260 members See all See all following
More Actions Ivan has a account Ivan Hristov Hardware Engineer at Visteon Corporation Visteon Corporation Technical University of Sofia Bulgaria 233 233 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm Electronics engineer with an experience in semiconductors manufacturing, emergency power supplies and automotive electronics. Currently, I'm Hardware R&D Engineer in Visteon Corporation developing hardware for cockpit electronics in automotive industry.Previously, I was Field engineer in AlphaGrissin Infotech BG, responsible for installation, commissioning and breakdown support of emergency power systems. Also I was an Product Engineer in Melexis manufacturing I and my task was to solve problems with the production. My goal is continuously improvement of my technical and professional skills.Competencies: Automotive electronics, Hardware Design, UPS systems , Diesel Generators, Manufacturing.Interests: Electronics,Power Electronics, SMPS, UPS systems, Automotive and Motorcycle Mechanics, Rail road Systems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Visteon Corporation Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Sofia - Perform Requirements and Specification Analysis.- Schematic Capture and BOM.- Detailed Design and Circuit Analysis.- Define HW Verification Planing.- Support Design of PWB.- Perform HW Verification Testing.- Develop HSIS.- Estimation of duration of performed tasks.- Responsible for the quality of performed tasks.- EMC/EMI testing and verification Field Engineer Company Name Alpha Grissin Infotech BG Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Bulgaria - Installation & Commissioning of UPS and/or Diesel Generators;- Providing breakdown support, repair, planned preventive maintenance;- Fault finding and repairing to component level on analogue and digital electrical and electronic power supplies (UPS) and/or Diesel Generators. Electronics Engineer Company Name Melexis Microelectronic Integrated Systems Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Bulgaria - Solving problems with electronic devices in manufacturing- Failure analysis of customer returned devices- Calibration and validation of test equipment- Executing test cases and procedures- Creation and modification of scripts for automated test benches​ Facility Engineer Company Name TelecityGroup Bulgaria ( former 3DC.net) Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Sofia - Monitoring of air conditioning systems – Computer room air conditioners , cooling towers, circulation pumps, condensers , etc.- Maintenance of UPS , batteries , Automatic Transfer Switches, Gensets.- Monitoring of fire suppression systems.- Fiber optic and conventional wiring in​ facility rooms.- Customer support Education Technical University of Sofia Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2016 Technical University of Sofia Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Member of students council. Thesis: AC/DC converter with pure sinewave output. Technical High School of Burgas Degree Name technician Field Of Study electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 Volunteer Experience Member of students council Company Name Technical University of Sofia Dates volunteered Jan 2010 – Dec 2012 Volunteer duration 3 yrs Cause Education Member of University Control Council Company Name Technical University of Sofia Dates volunteered Jan 2012 – Dec 2012 Volunteer duration 12 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics See 23 endorsements for Electronics 23 Electronics Endorsed by Yani Kolkas and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ivan’s colleagues at Visteon Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Teamwork See 12 endorsements for Teamwork 12 Teamwork Endorsed by Steliyana Petkova and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ivan’s colleagues at Visteon Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Power Electronics See 8 endorsements for Power Electronics 8 Power Electronics Endorsed by 2 of Ivan’s colleagues at Visteon Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ivan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Bulgarian English Ivan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification 3rd class electrical safety training Interests Microchip Technology Inc. 51,415 followers Technical University of Sofia 26,443 followers MM Solutions JSC 244 followers UniPOS LTD. EU Bulgaria 30 followers Bombardier Transportation 102,061 followers Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc. (IMI) 5,697 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Grattan Senior Hardware Engineer at Luminex Software Luminex Software University of California, Riverside Portland, Oregon Area 113 113 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Opportunities for electronics design.Specialties: FPGA design using VHDL. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Brian’s Activity 114 followers End of Support for TS7700 3957 VEA/V06 Virtualization Engines is coming soon! Get Trade-In Credit towards a "Perfect Fit" Luminex MVT and fast tape migration or view details about the EOS announcements at http://lmnx.co/ts7700eosm Brian liked See all activity Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Luminex Software Dates Employed Mar 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 3 mos Board and FPGA design for PCI-X and PCIe boards. Lecturer Company Name University of California, Riverside Dates Employed 2004 – 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs Lectured embedded systems class part-time. Sub-contractor Company Name NOVA Reasearch and Development Dates Employed Dec 2002 – Mar 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Worked on contract (1099) designing prototype boards for custom chips to be used in X-ray equipment. Hardware Engineer Company Name Schneider Electric Dates Employed 1997 – 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education University of California, Riverside Degree Name MSEE Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 Iowa State University Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1997 Volunteer Experience Vice-Chair Company Name Fairview Parks and Recreation Dates volunteered Feb 2013 – Feb 2015 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 15 endorsements for Embedded Systems 15 Embedded Systems Per Martin and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills FPGA See 9 endorsements for FPGA 9 FPGA David Feimer and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 9 endorsements for Electronics 9 Electronics Michael Pantoja and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brian has 8 patents 8 Expand patents section Patents Flexible circuit adhered to metal frame of device Electrical fault detection circuit with dual-mode power supply Blocking/inhibiting operation in an arc fault detection system Arc fault receptacle with a feed-through connection Test, reset and communications operations in an ARC fault circuit interrupter with optional memory and/or backup power Arc fault protected electrical receptacle Arc fault circuit interrupter Arc fault protected device Interests Luminex Software, Inc. 256 followers TechtownPortland 1,993 members University of California, Riverside 88,825 followers Reconfigurable Computing 1,079 members Engenious Design 215 followers Iowa State University Network 32,757 members See all See all following
More Actions Vishal has a account Vishal Panchal Robotics Engineer at Deep Trekker Deep Trekker Inc. University of Waterloo Brampton, Ontario, Canada 221 221 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Robotics Engineer - Embedded Systems Company Name Deep Trekker Inc. Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Kitchener, Canada Area Innovation Specialist Company Name General Motors Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Kitchener, Ontario, Canada • Followed Design Think practices to systematically brainstorm, prototype, test and validate • Designed an RC car controlled by an iOS app, Myo Armband, or a smart glove to get UX feedback Hardware Design Engineering Company Name Arista Networks Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Santa Clara • Designed proof-of-concept prototype to demonstrate functionality of switching a high current DC line (70 A, -48 V) using Hot Swap control technology – initial feasibility analysis presented to managemento Evaluated component selection, designed the circuit schematics and PCB layout for fabrication Hardware Design Engineering Company Name Tecniq Dates Employed Jan 2015 – May 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater Los Angeles Area • Lead designer for custom proximity sensor for use in basketball field-goal detection resulting in an experimental accuracy of 98% – consisted of iterative design, simulation, bring-up and testing • Designed analog filter for ultrasonic microphones used in prototype demonstration to key stakeholders Application Developer Company Name Symcor Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Missisauga • Designed Continuous Integration and Acceptance-Testing framework for back-end banking applications using Jenkins• Developed Acceptance-Testing software that tested core functionality of existing application components in a production-like environment See more positions Education University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2017 North Park Secondary School Degree Name Ontario Secondary School Diploma (OSSD) Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements PCB Design See 7 endorsements for PCB Design 7 PCB Design Arvinder Sohi and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 7 endorsements for Embedded Systems 7 Embedded Systems Arvinder Sohi and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 6 endorsements for Java 6 Java Parmveer Bola and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Vishal has 5 honors 5 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards First in Class Engineering Scholarship Dean’s Honours List Commons Canada Top Student Achievement Award Governor General’s Bronze Medal President’s Scholarship of Distinction Vishal has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Gujarati Vishal has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Professional Engineering Canada Interests Tecniq 12 followers Deep Trekker Inc. 442 followers University of Waterloo 179,469 followers DarkVision Technologies Inc. 604 followers Communitech 10,966 members General Motors 859,930 followers See all See all following
More Actions Samson Jr. has a account Samson Jr. Lachica Computer Hardware Engineer at still looking still looking St. John Technological College of the Philippines NCR - National Capital Region, Philippines 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I've work full time as machine operator in a printing corporation for almost 11 years, while in this position, i also studied BS Computer Engineering. I also graduated from a 2 yr-course Consumer Electronics and have knowledge on using Auto CAD. As of now, i'm still looking for a job that i can work with passion and integrity. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Samson Jr.’s Activity 558 followers We are seeking for an Entry Level Assembler in Seguin, TX - no experience needed to become an integral part of our team! WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU? Overtime Pay Referral Bonuses Double pay on Sundays Pay Rate: $12.00/hr (1st) and $12.84/hr (2nd) Shift: 1st Shift Typical Hours: 6:00am – 4:30pm Monday-Thursday (overtime Fri, Sat & Sun is very likely) 2nd Shift Typical Hours: 4:30pm – 3:00am Monday-Thursday (overtime Fri, Sat & Sun is very likely) Responsibilities: Working as part of a team having responsibility for assembling the metal car seat frames for vehicles. Spot welding, machine operation, and the use hand tools will be part of your everyday role Stop your job search and APPLY NOW! We love referrals so we're giving away $75.00 referral bonus for those successful hires. PM me for details. Samson Jr. commented Anyone there hiring for a no-experience Computer Engineering graduate? Samson Jr. commented See all activity Experience Computer Hardware Engineer Company Name still looking Machine Operator Company Name Reliance Printing Corp. Dates Employed Aug 2005 – May 2016 Employment Duration 10 yrs 10 mos Location Quezon City, Philippines Education St. John Technological College of the Philippines Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2016 Featured Skills & Endorsements Computer Hardware Computer Hardware No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Testing Testing No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Troubleshooting Troubleshooting No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems Global Service Center (Philippines) 172 followers Pulse 1,535,155 followers
More Actions Michal has a account Michal Sulek Hardware Engineer at BETAMONT BETAMONT Slovenská technická univerzita v Bratislave Slovak Republic 54 54 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name BETAMONT Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Slovak Republic PCB designer Company Name e-Sense Slovakia s.r.o. Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Education Slovenská technická univerzita v Bratislave Degree Name Ing. Field Of Study Aplikovaná mechatronika Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Stuba green team Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Excel See 3 endorsements for Microsoft Excel 3 Microsoft Excel Miroslav Šujak and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 2 endorsements for Research 2 Research Michal Vetrecin and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CAD See 2 endorsements for CAD 2 CAD Miroslav Šujak and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests BETAMONT 49 followers Pulse 1,535,155 followers e-Sense Slovakia s.r.o. 42 followers Slovenská technická univerzita v Bratislave 17,348 followers Slovenská technická univerzita v Bratislave 16,582 followers
More Actions Nang has a account Nang Tran Technical Leader at Cisco Systems Cisco Systems Santa Clara University San Jose, California 225 225 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a hardware engineer manager with more than 20 years of data and communication networking experience. The bulk of my work has been in digital hardware design, system support, failure analysis, hardware QA, test, development and management, with extensive experience in the tele/data communication industry. I am an expert with hardware troubleshooting skills, network routers and switches, PBX systems, network processors, switching fabric, ATM, SONET, OTN, and optical fiber. I have worked with high-speed digital design, design flow and process including PCB layout. In addition, I have extensive knowledge hof key-based architecture and key interfaces/subsystems. I am an excellent team leader, and I work well with all management levels, clients and colleagues. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Technical Leader Company Name Cisco Systems Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location San Jose, CA Hardware Engineering Manager Company Name Cisco Systems Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 4 mos Location Milpitas, California Manages EDVT team; responsible for ASR9K hardware test qualifications.Supports all cross-functional teams during development, and diagnostic/ manufacturing teams after FCS. Managed Hardware Prototype bring-up, MDVT and acted as a project manager for HW testing, including compliance. Performed Failure Analysis for Cisco ASR9K product, ONS 15454, MGX 8800. Sr. Hardware Engineering Manager Company Name NSN - Nokia Solutions and Networks Dates Employed Jun 2000 – Feb 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location Mountain View, California Defined hardware and architecture for Router (GGSN) system; performed feasibility study. Worked with upper management team with acquisition on technical aspects. Managed hardware design, developed the hardware and delivered an IP router for 3G networks. Interfaced and supported SW, HW, test and manufacturing teams to ensure completion and delivery. Sr. Hardware Engineer, Technical Leader Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Jun 1998 – Jun 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location San Jose, CA Designed, verified and brought up various boards for MGX8800 system. Worked closely with development team during development cycle and after FCS Hardware Technical Leader Company Name Nortel Networks Dates Employed Jun 1990 – Jun 1998 Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Location Santa Clara, Califonia See more positions Education Santa Clara University Degree Name MSCE Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 University of California, Santa Barbara Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Digital Logic Design Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1983 Featured Skills & Endorsements Ethernet See 21 endorsements for Ethernet 21 Ethernet Endorsed by Allen Carriker, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Nang’s colleagues at Cisco Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management See 11 endorsements for Program Management 11 Program Management Endorsed by 8 of Nang’s colleagues at Cisco Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 17 endorsements for Embedded Systems 17 Embedded Systems Endorsed by 12 of Nang’s colleagues at Cisco Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (10) Jeff Petersen Program Manager at Cisco Systems October 3, 2014, Nang worked with Jeff in the same group As a program manager, I worked with Nang in his capacity as EDVT manager on several programs in next-generation service provider routing at Cisco. Nang is highly skilled and experienced in hardware EDVT test methodologies, data analysis, critical path prioritization and follow through, test reporting, and standards compliance. In addition to his technical skills, Nang is a strong people manager and works well in cross-functional group situations. Allen Carriker Director of Engineering at Cisco Systems September 30, 2014, Allen worked with Nang in different groups I have worked with Nang on numerous ASR9K Hardware programs.He's an excellent engineering leader, and his strong teamwork is alwaysa direct positive influence on our programs’ quality and time-to-market. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Anshul Jain Firewall Security Engineer September 4, 2016, Nang managed Anshul directly While at Cisco Systems, I had hired Anshul as a hardware test engineer. He quickly proved himself to be great asset and became a valuable resource within my department. Anshul is a hard worker, is very reliable, a great team player, takes initiative in learning new areas and gets things done on his own. I didn’t have to manage him much. He worked very well with other team. Anshul is highly skilled and experience in computer networking area. He will be great addition to any team. I will like to highly recommend Ansul. Chien Do Sr. Lead Hardware Engineer August 16, 2016, Chien worked with Nang in the same group Chien and I have worked together for many years at Cisco. He held a technical leader role for Server System Failure Analysis team where I was one of the team members. Besides being an excellent technical leader, he also took responsibility of managing all the Failure Analysis tasks, which includes daily interaction to all cross-functional teams. Peers and his team truly enjoyed working with him. His strong leadership, technical expertise and teamwork would make him a valuable asset for any development team. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Nang has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications CCNA Security CCNP Nang has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents Common Backplane for Physical and Networking Layer System Common Backplane for Physical and Networking Layer System Nang has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Vietnamese Interests Broadcom Limited 136,305 followers Pulse 1,535,155 followers University of California, Santa Barbara 177,793 followers Infinera 21,224 followers University of California, Santa Barbara 169,136 followers Santa Clara University 73,585 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bill has a account Bill Ge Senior Hardware Engineer at Oracle 摩拜单车 Mobike University of Pennsylvania San Jose, California 258 258 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent SRAM compiler Highlights Experience 后端工程师 Company Name 摩拜单车 Mobike Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location 北京 朝阳区 Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name 甲骨文 Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Santa Clara 7nm Compiled SRAM Design Hardware Engineer Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Santa Clara SRAM Design: -Compiler Code Development;-Dual Port High Speed SRAM Design (5.5GHz);-Dual Port High Density SRAM Design for ASIC and SOC Teaching Assistant Company Name University of Pennsylvania Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Teaching assistant of ESE570 Digital VLSI Circuits EDA Engineer Company Name Solomon Systech Limited Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 11 mos Design of LDO unit: It consists of bandgap reference, current mirror and voltage regulator. The system is simulated carefully to ensure sufficient phase margins on different corners and conditions. The design has been reviewed by other team members and the whole project has been taped out.Design of voltage controlled oscillator: The system is a reliable and stable one on different corners. The VCO has been co-simulated with other parts of PLL and the overall project has been taped out.Development of RTL code according to mini-LVDS standard: My responsibility is to develop RTL code for the IP. The code has been revised and optimized to ensure accordance with mini-LVDS specification. The IP has been implemented and tested on FPGA.Custom layout of memory array: By writing command in TCL to manually control the layout in SoC Encounter, I've helped layout team to achieve better area and efficiency in memory array layout in several projects.Implementation of proximity frond-end test chip: My job is to design and layout the test PCB. The routings have been optimized and verified by me. Through this project, I get familiar with the PADS tools.Evaluation of A2D Converter: A PCB test board together with FPGA board is used to test the ADC chip and the outputs are sent to PC monitor by UART. A detailed evaluation report is draft by me which has helped the company to make better decisions.Development of Perl script to detect head-to-head diodes: A Perl script was written by me to check the netlist file of the circuit, and is able to give warnings of head-to-head diodes between any two sub-circuits and between diodes that are junctions of transistors. Design and layout of IO unit: The system has the features of conversion between different driving abilities and power minimization. Simulations were performed using HSPICE to verify the design under different corners. The layout of the IO cell was finished according to the foundry's design rules. See more positions Education University of Pennsylvania Degree Name MSE Field Of Study EE Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 The University of Hong Kong Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Information Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements IC See 3 endorsements for IC 3 IC Yuezhang Xiao and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 3 endorsements for Verilog 3 Verilog Yao Zhai and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CMOS See 3 endorsements for CMOS 3 CMOS Yuezhang Xiao and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Bill has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Analog Integrated Circuits Computer Organization and Micro-processors Digital IC & VLSI foundation Nano-scale Science and Engineering Optimization Theory Principle of Micro-Fabrication Technology Programming languages and technologies: Python and Java RF Circuit Design Bill has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Synchronous 2’s Complement 4-bit Multiplier Op-amp Design Modification Power Management System 3D Reconstruction with Single Image Under Structured Light Interests RF, Analog and Mixed-Signal IC Design Engineering 25,007 members Marvell Semiconductor 83,367 followers University of Pennsylvania 205,588 followers University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine 36,134 followers Solomon Systech Limited 1,587 followers Oracle 2,119,567 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alireza has a account Alireza Shojaeifard Hardware Engineer at IRIB IRIB Iran 12 12 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name IRIB Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Information Technology 2,335,707 followers Pulse 1,535,155 followers Food & Beverages 3,376,308 followers Business Travel 4,376,367 followers Customer Experience 5,175,876 followers What Inspires Me 6,117,119 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jiann has a account Jiann Chen Hardware Engineer at Bose Corporation Bose Corporation Greater Boston Area 23 23 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Bose Corporation Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,155 followers Bose Corporation 131,571 followers
More Actions Saber has a account Saber Saadatfard Network & Hardware Engineer at Behsazan Mellat (BSM) Behsazan Mellat (BSM) Gilan University Iran 98 98 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Engineers and technicians, electronics, telecommunications [Inspection engineer, electronics / Service engineer, electronics / Service technician, electronics / Telecommunications engineer]Rig workers and cable splicers [Cable splicer]Telecom and electronics repairers, etc. [Alarm device engineer / Alarm device installer / Automatic control engineer / Computer engineer / Computer installer / Computer repairer / Electronics repairer / Home electronics repairer / Line installer, telecom / Mobile phone installer / Office machine repairer / Radio repairer / Service engineer, office machines / Telephone installer / Telephone line fitter / Telephone line installer / Telephone line repairer / Telephone repairer] See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Network Engineer Company Name Behsazan Mellat (BSM) Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 5 mos Location Bank mellat Director of Electrical Equipments Company Name Emarat Sazan E Arya Dates Employed Oct 2001 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 8 mos performed the electrical maps of a building. Supervise workers for accuracy of the projects. Network Specialist Company Name Behsazan Mellat (BSM) Dates Employed Feb 2009 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Bank Mellat Director Of Technical Support Company Name Behsazan Mellat (BSM) Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Repair and maintain POS devices (Point of Sale). Maintenance of computer networks in bank such as software and hardware. Education Gilan University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electronic Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2006 Alborz High School Degree Name Diploma Field Of Study physic and Mathematic Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Networking See 8 endorsements for Networking 8 Networking Hamed Ayaz and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Troubleshooting See 6 endorsements for Troubleshooting 6 Troubleshooting Nina Mohseni and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Technical Support See 6 endorsements for Technical Support 6 Technical Support Hamed Ayaz and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Saber has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests IT Professionals and Technical Support Engineers 30,865 members Point of Sale Network 18,102 members POS Support Best Practices 2,464 members Cisco Certified Networking 24,011 members Gemalto 207,992 followers Digital Security News and Trends 1,794 members See all See all following
More Actions Samson Jr. has a account Samson Jr. Lachica Computer Hardware Engineer at still looking still looking St. John Technological College of the Philippines NCR - National Capital Region, Philippines 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I've work full time as machine operator in a printing corporation for almost 11 years, while in this position, i also studied BS Computer Engineering. I also graduated from a 2 yr-course Consumer Electronics and have knowledge on using Auto CAD. As of now, i'm still looking for a job that i can work with passion and integrity. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Samson Jr.’s Activity 558 followers We are seeking for an Entry Level Assembler in Seguin, TX - no experience needed to become an integral part of our team! WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU? Overtime Pay Referral Bonuses Double pay on Sundays Pay Rate: $12.00/hr (1st) and $12.84/hr (2nd) Shift: 1st Shift Typical Hours: 6:00am – 4:30pm Monday-Thursday (overtime Fri, Sat & Sun is very likely) 2nd Shift Typical Hours: 4:30pm – 3:00am Monday-Thursday (overtime Fri, Sat & Sun is very likely) Responsibilities: Working as part of a team having responsibility for assembling the metal car seat frames for vehicles. Spot welding, machine operation, and the use hand tools will be part of your everyday role Stop your job search and APPLY NOW! We love referrals so we're giving away $75.00 referral bonus for those successful hires. PM me for details. Samson Jr. commented Anyone there hiring for a no-experience Computer Engineering graduate? Samson Jr. commented See all activity Experience Computer Hardware Engineer Company Name still looking Machine Operator Company Name Reliance Printing Corp. Dates Employed Aug 2005 – May 2016 Employment Duration 10 yrs 10 mos Location Quezon City, Philippines Education St. John Technological College of the Philippines Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2016 Featured Skills & Endorsements Computer Hardware Computer Hardware No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Testing Testing No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Troubleshooting Troubleshooting No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,155 followers Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems Global Service Center (Philippines) 172 followers
More Actions Jessy has a account Jessy Mbagara Mwarage Hardware Engineer III at Google[X] - Makani Power X, formerly Google[X] - Makani Power Massachusetts Institute of Technology San Francisco Bay Area 328 328 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Interested in positions at the interface of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering. Key skills:• Mechanical CAD & FEA in Siemens NX, Solidworks, Autodesk Inventor & Creo Parametric.• Programming / Computation in Python, C, C++, MATLAB, Octave & JMP.• Electromechanical Testing i.e. vibration, shock and thermal cycling, electric motor dynamometers.• ARM-based microcontrollers (8-bit). More recently learning to work with 32-bit microprocessors.• Power Electronics and Feedback Control Systems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Jessy’s Activity 329 followers In rural India, MIT grads aim to improve access to sanitary pads for women Jessy liked Brenda’s photo Jessy liked See all activity Experience Hardware Engineer III Company Name X, formerly Google[X] - Makani Power Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Alameda, CA / Mountain View, CA https://x.company/makani/ Hardware Engineer II - Powertrain Validation Company Name X, formerly Google[X] - Makani Power Dates Employed May 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Alameda, CA / Mountain View, CA • Built an 880 kW (1,180 HP) dynamometer to test the electric powertrain of a flying wind turbine.• Executed CAD and FEA of motor mounts, shaft couplings and avionics mounts in Siemens NX.• Schematized and implemented High Voltage DC and AC links to ground inverters in Plecs.• Collaborated with Avionics to adapt Makani flight simulator to Hardware-In-The-Loop (HITL) tests.• Conducted HITL and other tests to validate and debug powertrain operation in all flight modes. Hardware Developer - Semiconductor Engineering Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Santa Clara, CA • Analyzed Silicon / Microprocessor test data with the goal of improving manufacturing yield.• Key datasets included Parametric chip data (e.g. I/O pin continuity, static current draw) and Functional chip data (e.g. cache/SRAM functionality, core Frequency, I/O pin data rates).• Designed and administered a database-backed web portal to automate data sharing and analysis.• 10% project: Designed cooling solutions to meet the power demands of future Oracle CPU's. Mechanical Test Intern - Battery Engineering Company Name Tesla Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Palo Alto, CA • Executed validation and certification tests on Electric Vehicle Li-ion battery modules and packs.• Test suites included: Vibration, Shock, Thermal, Short Circuit and Charge Cycling tests. • Collected test data using various sensors & data acquisition platforms and analyzed it in MATLAB.• Presented results and achievements of summer projects at the end of Summer 2011. Undergraduate Robotics Researcher Company Name Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Cambridge, MA • Developed a Humanoid Robot for use by the MIT Center for Educational Computing Initiatives (Project iLabs) targeted at introductory remote-login classroom experiences.• Programmed various motions and related GUI control elements in LabVIEW for a Lego Mindstorms NXT 2.0 robotics kit.• Presented functioning robot and source code to the initiative at the end of Summer 2010. See more positions Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements SolidWorks See 6 endorsements for SolidWorks 6 SolidWorks Endorsed by Prosper Nyovanie, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Jessy’s colleagues at Massachusetts Institute of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills Autodesk Inventor See 1 endorsement for Autodesk Inventor 1 Autodesk Inventor Lorna A. Omondi Ogolla has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Finite Element Analysis See 1 endorsement for Finite Element Analysis 1 Finite Element Analysis Lorna A. Omondi Ogolla has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Archana Ananta Principal Hardware Engineer at Oracle Corporation April 20, 2016, Archana managed Jessy directly It's rare you come across standout talent like Jessy. I had the pleasure of interviewing/mentoring him when he joined Oracle as a fresh graduate from MIT. Though his academic background was in mechanical engineering, he quickly adapted to his new role as a product engineer working on semiconductors and data analysis. I was particularly impressed with Jessy's ability to learn and deliver his analysis on SPARC processors - a skill that often takes a few years to develop. He was open to ideas from the team while providing his inputs to complete the project on time - always dependable that the data needed for a meeting was available well before time. Jessy would be an asset to any team! Archana Ananta Principal Hardware Engineer at Oracle Corporation March 12, 2016, Jessy reported directly to Archana Archana was my dotted-line manager for most of my tenure at Oracle as a Hardware Developer in Semiconductor Engineering. Together, we worked on sophisticated microprocessors for the data center (i.e. Oracle SPARC T5, M6, M7) where Archana proved to be a highly competent, conscientious and considerate manager. Her passion for and facility with semiconductor manufacturing data was apparent to me and the team. She relied upon me equally for raw data and hypotheses on wafer-level and package-level yield data, and taught me to extract valuable insights from data collected at semiconductor fabs abroad and on processes that happen at the nano- and micro-scale. She managed my work with the right amount of attention and autonomy (not too much and not too little), and supported my efforts to streamline our data wrangling processes with more automated extraction and analysis tools. It was great working with and for Archana. Accomplishments Jessy has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects Designing an Autonomous Underwater Vehicle (AUV) Designing an Ambulatory Assistive Device (AAD) for the aged Power Electronics Lab - MIT Course No. 6.131 Designing a Rear Wing for the 2011 MIT Formula SAE racecar Undergraduate Practice Opportunities (UPOP) / Gordon-MIT Engineering Leadership (GEL) Jessy has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French German Swahili Jessy has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications C++ For C Programmers, Part A edX Honor Code Certificate for Introduction to Computer Science and Programming - Python edX Verified Certificate for Artificial Intelligence Interests Tesla 997,231 followers Google 4,871,316 followers Apple 3,419,330 followers X, the moonshot factory 6,240 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology 277,276 followers edX 129,215 followers See all See all following
More Actions Josh has a account Josh Vandenberg Hardware Engineer at Interlogic limited Interlogic limited Hawkes Bay Polytechnic Auckland, New Zealand 30 30 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Interlogic limited Dates Employed May 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Mairangi Bay, North Shore, Auckland Service Teamleader Company Name Ingram Micro Dates Employed Jun 2009 – May 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs Education Hawkes Bay Polytechnic Degree Name NZCE Electronics Field Of Study Electrical, Electronic and Communications Engineering Technology/Technician Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Technical Support See 1 endorsement for Technical Support 1 Technical Support Darren Henderson has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Josh has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification NZCE Electronics Josh has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course CCNA Josh has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Social Media 16,342,642 followers Pulse 1,535,156 followers Ingram Micro 130,173 followers Interlogic limited 40 followers Information Technology 2,335,711 followers Technology 20,768,231 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sonny has a account Sonny Tomagan Jr. Test Hardware Engineer at ST-NXP Wireless ST-NXP Wireless Technological University of the Philippines NCR - National Capital Region, Philippines 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Jr. Test Hardware Engineer Company Name ST-NXP Wireless Test Dev't Hardware Engineer Company Name Rohm Electronics Dates Employed Jun 2003 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Education Technological University of the Philippines Degree Name BSECE Field Of Study Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Technological University of the Philippines 20,102 followers Technological University of the Philippines 21,091 followers Pulse 1,535,156 followers ST-NXP Wireless 1,026 followers
More Actions Jiann has a account Jiann Chen Hardware Engineer at Bose Corporation Bose Corporation Greater Boston Area 23 23 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Bose Corporation Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,156 followers Bose Corporation 131,571 followers
More Actions David has a account David Baggas Hardware Engineer at Natinal Defence College Natinal Defence College Nigeria 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Natinal Defence College Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Big Ideas & Innovation 21,854,208 followers Banking & Finance 11,211,214 followers Social Media 16,342,653 followers Pulse 1,535,156 followers Marketing & Advertising 14,744,893 followers Technology 20,768,242 followers
More Actions Ihor has a account Ihor Baranovskyi Hardware Engineer Ricker Lyman Robotic Vinnytsia National Technical University Ukraine 38 38 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior PCB Designer Company Name Ricker Lyman Robotic Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Lviv Region, Ukraine Head Of Department Company Name Research Institute of Computer Technologies, LTD. Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Location Chernihiv Region, Ukraine Senior PCB Designer Company Name Extrema-Ukraine, Co LTD Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Vinnytsia Region, Ukraine Senior Engineer Company Name Vinnytsya National Technical University Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Aug 2006 Employment Duration 8 yrs 8 mos Location Vinnytsia Region, Ukraine Assistant Company Name Vinnytsya National Technical University Dates Employed Jan 1996 – Jun 1997 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Vinnytsia Region, Ukraine See more positions Education Vinnytsia National Technical University Degree Name Specialist Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ihor has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Russian Ukrainian Interests Cadence Allegro PCB Editor Users 3,539 members Ricker Lyman Robotic 34 followers Pulse 1,535,156 followers Vinnic'kij Nacional'nij Tehnicnij Universitet 1,976 followers Производство электроники в России 3,642 members IPC-Association Connecting Electronics Industries 2,511 followers
More Actions Helario has a account Helario Quintero Computer Hardware Engineer at -none- -none- Asian College of Technology - Cebu Region VII - Central Visayas, Philippines 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Computer Hardware Engineer Company Name -none- Education Asian College of Technology - Cebu Degree Name Bachelor of Science Computer Engineering Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2017 Featured Skills & Endorsements Computer hardware, Operating System Installation, Social contact Computer hardware, Operating System Installation, Social contact No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Asian College of Technology - Cebu 1,737 followers Pulse 1,535,156 followers -none- 45,622 followers
More Actions Brad has a account Brad Arnold Sr. Hardware Engineer working on new initiatives at Amazon (formerly Amazon Go) Amazon University of Regina Greater Seattle Area 198 198 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Senior Engineer with systems design and detailed electrical design experience working on machine vision cameras, embedded compute, and other sensor devices. Taking electronics designs from concept through to production. (System architecture, component selection, schematic design, PCB layout, firmware development, regulatory testing, manufacturing).Specialties: Electronics (Schematic) Design, PCB Layout, Engineering Project Management, Design Qualification, Embedded Design (SoC and microcontroller), Embedded firmware development (C).Software: Altium Designer, Cadence OrCad Capture and Allegro, Excel, Codewarrior, Eclipse See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Ground-up hardware design for another new initiative at Amazon! Hardware architecture, project management, and EE design. Senior Hardware Design Engineer, Amazon Go Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Seattle, Washington - Systems and Electronics Design Engineer for the Amazon Go Machine Vision group.- Responsible for system design (electrical, optical, firmware, algorithm, and mechanical) for the next-generation Amazon Go machine vision camera system. Developed and supported the project design though proof-of-concept and “architecture and spec review” (“EV1 design gate”) stages.- Guided/mentored a team of three design engineers (non-managerial leadership role).- Developed technical relationships with new external partners for next generation development.- Provided on-site engineering support during overseas manufacturing, enabling success for first-generation camera hardware.- Developed design process standards to promote a high quality bar for engineering design releases (design review processes, release package formats, etc.).- Several patents pending, most notably relating to my original work on hardware and software to coordinate/synchronize a large multi-sensor system.- Interviewed 80+ candidates, both over the phone and in on-site interview loops. Media (1) This position has 1 media Introducing Amazon Go and the world’s most advanced shopping technology Introducing Amazon Go and the world’s most advanced shopping technology This media is a video Hardware Design Engineer II, Amazon Go Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Seattle, Washington - Electronics design engineer in the Machine Vision group working on three machine vision camera designs, as lead EE on two PCBAs, and supporting EE on at least three others.- Started the initial board designs (EV1), and continued all the way though production.- Lead EE designing a class 1 laser device utilizing a class 4 laser source. Responsible for laser driving and multi-fault tolerant safety circuit design to satisfy IEC 60825-1 requirements and CSA certification.- Owned electrical design and test of all CMOS camera modules.- Responsible for power topology and regulator design for camera compute platform PCBs. Managed design validation efforts for these regulator circuits.- Signal integrity test plan development and verification for all machine vision platforms. Interfaces included MIPI CSI-2, PCIE, gigabit Ethernet, and USB.- Maintaining supplier and manufacturer technical relationships with many external partners. Design Engineer (E.I.T.) Company Name Tangent Design Engineering Ltd. Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Calgary, AB - Designing digital consumer electronics for ~100k units per year production, considering production process, testability, etc.- Specifying & sourcing electrical components for industrial machine control (PLC-based) systems.- Liaising with clients and vendors.- Quickly learning and applying a wide variety of new technologies and skills to meet project and client requirements.- Working with tight project deadlines. Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Check-It Solutions Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Regina, SK - Designing High-Speed Digital, and mixed A/D electronic circuits and PCBs utilizing modern technology such as Marvell ARM SoCs, DDR3, NAND, PCIe, Gigabit Ethernet, etc.- Project Management (complete ownership of projects)- Coordinating manufacturing (part sourcing, product assembly, testing, packaging).- Taking products through Industry Canada and FCC RF and EMC testing and certification processes.- Linux Kernel and U-Boot development (in C)- Freescale Kinetis ARM Cortex (microcontroller) firmware development (C)- Writing user manuals and technical documentation.- Working with 3rd parties to design and manufacture injection-molded and other plastic product enclosures. Media (1) This position has 1 media Wireless energy management controller runs Linux Wireless energy management controller runs Linux This media is a link See more positions Education University of Regina Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science Field Of Study Electronic Systems Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Western Engineering Competition 2011 Received the 1st place fourth-year project student award from ASHRAE Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 8 endorsements for Embedded Systems 8 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Riyadth Al-Kazily and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Brad’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills PCB design See 5 endorsements for PCB design 5 PCB design Endorsed by Bianca Nagy, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Brad’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Vision Cameras Machine Vision Cameras No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brad has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Adv. Topics In Power Sys. Eng. Digital Signal Processing Brad has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Engineer-In-Training Interests Valve corporation 100,992 followers Google 4,871,325 followers APEGS - Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Saskatchewan 1,386 members PCB Design Engineers 10,011 members Tangent Design Engineering 1,009 followers SpaceX 271,600 followers See all See all following
More Actions Helario has a account Helario Quintero Computer Hardware Engineer at -none- -none- Asian College of Technology - Cebu Region VII - Central Visayas, Philippines 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Computer Hardware Engineer Company Name -none- Education Asian College of Technology - Cebu Degree Name Bachelor of Science Computer Engineering Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2017 Featured Skills & Endorsements Computer hardware, Operating System Installation, Social contact Computer hardware, Operating System Installation, Social contact No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests -none- 45,622 followers Asian College of Technology - Cebu 1,737 followers Pulse 1,535,157 followers
More Actions Brad has a account Brad Arnold Sr. Hardware Engineer working on new initiatives at Amazon (formerly Amazon Go) Amazon University of Regina Greater Seattle Area 198 198 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Senior Engineer with systems design and detailed electrical design experience working on machine vision cameras, embedded compute, and other sensor devices. Taking electronics designs from concept through to production. (System architecture, component selection, schematic design, PCB layout, firmware development, regulatory testing, manufacturing).Specialties: Electronics (Schematic) Design, PCB Layout, Engineering Project Management, Design Qualification, Embedded Design (SoC and microcontroller), Embedded firmware development (C).Software: Altium Designer, Cadence OrCad Capture and Allegro, Excel, Codewarrior, Eclipse See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Ground-up hardware design for another new initiative at Amazon! Hardware architecture, project management, and EE design. Senior Hardware Design Engineer, Amazon Go Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Seattle, Washington - Systems and Electronics Design Engineer for the Amazon Go Machine Vision group.- Responsible for system design (electrical, optical, firmware, algorithm, and mechanical) for the next-generation Amazon Go machine vision camera system. Developed and supported the project design though proof-of-concept and “architecture and spec review” (“EV1 design gate”) stages.- Guided/mentored a team of three design engineers (non-managerial leadership role).- Developed technical relationships with new external partners for next generation development.- Provided on-site engineering support during overseas manufacturing, enabling success for first-generation camera hardware.- Developed design process standards to promote a high quality bar for engineering design releases (design review processes, release package formats, etc.).- Several patents pending, most notably relating to my original work on hardware and software to coordinate/synchronize a large multi-sensor system.- Interviewed 80+ candidates, both over the phone and in on-site interview loops. Media (1) This position has 1 media Introducing Amazon Go and the world’s most advanced shopping technology Introducing Amazon Go and the world’s most advanced shopping technology This media is a video Hardware Design Engineer II, Amazon Go Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Seattle, Washington - Electronics design engineer in the Machine Vision group working on three machine vision camera designs, as lead EE on two PCBAs, and supporting EE on at least three others.- Started the initial board designs (EV1), and continued all the way though production.- Lead EE designing a class 1 laser device utilizing a class 4 laser source. Responsible for laser driving and multi-fault tolerant safety circuit design to satisfy IEC 60825-1 requirements and CSA certification.- Owned electrical design and test of all CMOS camera modules.- Responsible for power topology and regulator design for camera compute platform PCBs. Managed design validation efforts for these regulator circuits.- Signal integrity test plan development and verification for all machine vision platforms. Interfaces included MIPI CSI-2, PCIE, gigabit Ethernet, and USB.- Maintaining supplier and manufacturer technical relationships with many external partners. Design Engineer (E.I.T.) Company Name Tangent Design Engineering Ltd. Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Calgary, AB - Designing digital consumer electronics for ~100k units per year production, considering production process, testability, etc.- Specifying & sourcing electrical components for industrial machine control (PLC-based) systems.- Liaising with clients and vendors.- Quickly learning and applying a wide variety of new technologies and skills to meet project and client requirements.- Working with tight project deadlines. Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Check-It Solutions Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Regina, SK - Designing High-Speed Digital, and mixed A/D electronic circuits and PCBs utilizing modern technology such as Marvell ARM SoCs, DDR3, NAND, PCIe, Gigabit Ethernet, etc.- Project Management (complete ownership of projects)- Coordinating manufacturing (part sourcing, product assembly, testing, packaging).- Taking products through Industry Canada and FCC RF and EMC testing and certification processes.- Linux Kernel and U-Boot development (in C)- Freescale Kinetis ARM Cortex (microcontroller) firmware development (C)- Writing user manuals and technical documentation.- Working with 3rd parties to design and manufacture injection-molded and other plastic product enclosures. Media (1) This position has 1 media Wireless energy management controller runs Linux Wireless energy management controller runs Linux This media is a link See more positions Education University of Regina Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science Field Of Study Electronic Systems Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Western Engineering Competition 2011 Received the 1st place fourth-year project student award from ASHRAE Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 8 endorsements for Embedded Systems 8 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Riyadth Al-Kazily and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Brad’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills PCB design See 5 endorsements for PCB design 5 PCB design Endorsed by Bianca Nagy, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Brad’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Vision Cameras Machine Vision Cameras No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brad has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Adv. Topics In Power Sys. Eng. Digital Signal Processing Brad has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Engineer-In-Training Interests Check-It Monitoring Solutions Inc. 44 followers Tesla 997,240 followers APEGS - Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Saskatchewan 1,386 members Tangent Design Engineering 1,009 followers Pulse 1,535,157 followers SpaceX 271,600 followers See all See all following
More Actions Abhinaya has a account Abhinaya Venkatesan Graphics Hardware Engineering Intern at Intel Corporation Intel Corporation Georgia Institute of Technology Atlanta, Georgia 204 204 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a graduate student, pursuing a Master's degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering at Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta. I'm specializing in VLSI and Computer Architecture and shall graduate in May 2015. I'm actively looking for entry-level full-time positions in VLSI Design, Testing and Computer Architecture, starting May. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Graphics Hardware Engineering Intern Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Columbia, South Carolina Area I'm currently working on Hardware Validation of the Graphics feature of one of Intel's SoC projects, as part of the Graphics System Validation Team in Columbia, SC. I have gained valuable experience in performing debug and triage of failures in the 2D Display feature by working on Python based test scripts. My primary responsibility involves the debug and validation of Python based test scripts in the Pre-Silicon emulation environment, and verifying functionalilty by observing waveforms and tracker dumps. Graduate student Company Name Georgia Institute of Technology Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta Undergraduate student Company Name SSN Institutions, Chennai, India Dates Employed Aug 2009 – May 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Summer Intern Company Name Indian Institute of Technology, Madras- Center for Biomedical Device Design Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Chennai, India Worked on programming the Beagleboard, an open-source single-board computer, which was part of a larger patient monitoring system. Interfaced the Beagleboard with a display screen to display vital parameters acquired from sensor modules, using a Bluetooth receiver connected to the Beagleboard. Summer Intern Company Name Indian Institute of Technology, Madras- Engineering Design Department Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 mo Location Chennai, India Built a fully automated, intelligent, non-colliding robot.Gained valuable experience in programming the Texas Instrument Microcontroller- MSP430, which was used to control the robot. Education Georgia Institute of Technology Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 SSN College of Engineering- Anna University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (BE) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan Senior Secondary School, Chennai Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Cadence Virtuoso Cadence Virtuoso No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Cadence Virtuoso Layout Editor Cadence Virtuoso Layout Editor No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills C++ See 6 endorsements for C++ 6 C++ Pooja Srikrishnan and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Abhinaya has 14 courses 14 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Computer Architecture Advanced Digital Systems Test Advanced VLSI Systems CAD for Computer Networks Computer Netwroks Data Structures and Algorithms Digital Logic Circuits Digital Signal Processing Digital Systems Testing Electronic Devices and Circuits Abhinaya has 6 projects 6 Expand projects section Projects Design and Implementation of End-to-End CRC Testing Application using Verilog Simulation and Analysis of a 5-stage Pipelined Processor Architecture in C++ Analysis of Performance and Scalability of n-tier Applications in Cloud Environments Design of SRAM based Memory System and Arithmetic Unit using 45nm Predictive Technology Implementation of Polish Expression based Floorplanning using Simulated Annealing Implementation of a Deductive Fault Simulator and PODEM-based Automatic Test Pattern Generator (ATPG) in C++ Abhinaya has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French Hindi Tamil Abhinaya has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations Society of Women Engineers Women in Electrical and Computer Engineering Chennai Social Service REDEEM- Newsletter of the Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering, SSN College of Engineering Abhinaya has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Top 0.1% in the All India Senior Secondary Certificate Examination Merit Scholarship University Rank Holder Abhinaya has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score TOEFL Interests Oracle 2,119,578 followers SanDisk® 94,065 followers ON Semiconductor 50,791 followers Juniper Networks 260,573 followers Qualcomm 284,148 followers Intel Student Lounge 31,572 members See all See all following
More Actions Jonathan has a account Jonathan McGee Hardware Engineer at Google Google[x] University of Maryland College Park Baltimore, Maryland Area 37 37 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Google[x] Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Mountain View, CA Research Engineer Company Name Department of Defense Dates Employed May 2008 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Location College Park, MD Linux-based C++ software for signal processing applications.Stand-alone and PC-based Xilinx FPGA systems for signal processing applications. Development focused on implementing Ethernet (1G and 10G) and UDP/IP for data exchange, fixed-point and floating-point pipelined computations.Designed, built, and programmed embedded radio systems based on the Texas Instruments MSP430 and Chipcon radios. Visiting Scientist Company Name University Research Foundation Dates Employed Aug 2007 – May 2008 Employment Duration 10 mos Location College Park, MD Embedded circuit design and development (C/C++) with the MSP430 and Chipcon radio. Work continued with the Department of Defense. Graduate Research Assistant Company Name University of Maryland Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location MEMS Sensors and Actuators Lab Graduate work focused on the design and construction of electromechanical photonic components. Considerable work in the modeling of physical systems. Undergraduate Researcher Company Name University of Maryland Dates Employed Jun 2003 – Jun 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Hybrid Networks Laboratory Implemented network routing daemons in C/C++, including the creation of Linux kernel modules. Implemented digital and mixed-signal hardware simulation in C. Education University of Maryland College Park Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Microelectromechanical Systems (MEMS) design, modelling, and fabrication. University of Maryland College Park Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Activities and Societies: College Park Scholars Featured Skills & Endorsements C++ See 8 endorsements for C++ 8 C++ Nima Ghalichechian and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C See 5 endorsements for C 5 C Loretta McGee and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C# See 5 endorsements for C# 5 C# Loretta McGee and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jonathan has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Monolithic In-Plane Tunable Optical Filter Automated Two-Axes Optical Fiber Alignment Using Grayscale Technology ATEMU: a fine-grained sensor network simulator Implementing Ad Hoc to Terrestrial Network Gateways Jonathan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Private Pilot Interests AOPA 15,529 members Google 4,871,320 followers Pulse 1,535,157 followers Experimental Aircraft Association 7,391 members
More Actions Joshil has a account Joshil O Senior Hardware Engineer at Diamond Systems Corporation, California Diamond Systems Corporation Vellore Institute of Technology Mountain View, California 188 188 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Offering nearly 8 years’ experience in Hardware Design, Project Management and Team Management in Manufacturing industry• Credit of delivering customized solutions to the client without any rejections • Leveraged with skills in developing High Speed Digital Design and Multilayer Boards• Demonstrated excellence in designing Rugged SBCs in the form factors like PC/104, PCI-104, PC/104-Plus, EBX, ETX and COM-Express• Successful in interfacing with upper level decision makers; resolving critical problem areas and delivering on customer commitments• Exceptionally well organized with a track record that demonstrates self-motivation, creativity and initiatives to achieve both personal and corporate goals See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name Diamond Systems Corporation Dates Employed May 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Mountain View Highlights:• Demonstrated excellence in designing and developing: o Rugged Single Board Computers based on X86 Architectureo SBCs based on Intel's Queensbay Platform (Tunnel Creek Processor)• Proactively involved in the:o DVT and Production Test procedure developmento Extended Temperature Testing/Evaluation (-40°C to +85°C) of boards in the chambero Preparation of Interface Control Document, Hardware Design Document and Functional Test Documento Identifying components, conducting cost analysiso Schematic and Netlist generation in OrCAD and layout co-ordinationo Developing Layout Guidelines and review• Holds the merit of guiding and driving the team during the design and testing phases• Personally interfaced with design based in the engineering design document• Pivotal in the development of the FPGA/CPLD design and certain logic implementation for power management and power sequencing• Worked on processors like Intel Atom Diamondville/Pineview, Atom Tunnel Creek, AMD Geode LX800, Vortex86 SoC. Worked on chipsets like Intel 945, Topcliff, AMD CS5536.• Involved in FPGA and CPLD implementation for board controllers and power sequencing/power management • Managed Analog and Digital audio interfaces such as HDMI, DVI, LVDS, AC’97, HD-Audio (up to 7.1ch discrete channels), etc. Senior Engineer Company Name GDA Technologies (An L&T Infotech Company) Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location Chennai Area, India Highlights: • Demonstrated excellence in working with the Intel Processors like Intel Atom Diamondville/Pineview, Atom Tunnel Creek, AMD Geode LX800, Vortex86 SoC and chipsets like Intel 945, Topcliff, AMD CS5536• Pivotal in Rugged Single Board Computer Design• Dexterously involved in designing the rugged boards to meet extended temperature (ETT) operations (-40°C to +85°C) and to operate in harsh environments with shock and vibration.• Deftly handled the Audio Electronics Design - Analog and Digital• Extensively worked on audio and video interfaces such as AC’97, HD-Audio, HDMI, DVI and LVDS• Instrumental in concluding peer-to-peer meetings on solving technical problems and also conducted technical documents reviews• Instrumental in the preparation of Interface Control Document, Hardware Design Document and Functional Test Document• Handled the development of the:o CPLD design and certain logic implementation for power management and power sequencingo Zero Jumper Design Education Vellore Institute of Technology Degree Name Master of Technology (MTech) Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Vellore Institute of Technology Degree Name Master of Technology (MTech) Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Hardware Architecture See 16 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 16 Hardware Architecture Joseph George and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PCIe See 10 endorsements for PCIe 10 PCIe Joseph George and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Debugging See 9 endorsements for Debugging 9 Debugging Joseph George and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (3) Praveen Jose Application Engineer (FAE) June 16, 2010, Joshil worked with Praveen in the same group Joshil is one of the highly technically strong person in the company. He is well focused and committed to complete the task properly. For any technical clarification you can refer to him. He is one of the back bone for the company for all the X86 architecture design. Pradeep V Senior Hardware Design Engineer at Diamond Systems Corporation June 27, 2010, Pradeep worked with Joshil in the same group Pradeep is one of the best among all people I have ever met. He is a precise employee who can take on even the most challenging projects.Pradeep is a strong, independent and energetic professional with the ability to make good, sometimes bold decisions.Efficient and result driven perfectionist with strong knowledge in X86 based deigns.He is awlays ready to help anybody who approaches him with any technical problem.I enjoyed working with him on the various projects we took on. Amar Kosaraju Verification engineer June 15, 2010, Joshil worked with Amar in different groups Amar is a fantastic person to work with.Insightful colleague, understands complex matters even when outside of his direct area of expertise. Hard working and innovative. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Vellore Institute of Technology 63,962 followers Industrial Computing and Hardware 894 members GDA Technologies 72 members Computer-On-Module 620 members Larsen & Toubro Infotech Ltd 191,336 followers Embedded Systems Design 34,462 members See all See all following
More Actions Laurynas has a account Laurynas Puodžius UI Developer at Cherry Servers Cherry Servers Visaginas "Verdenės"​ gymnasium Lithuania 26 26 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent In relationship with UI and frontend Highlights Experience UI Developer Company Name Cherry Servers Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Freelance Web Developer and Designer Company Name Individual Activity under a Business Certificate Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Lithuania Front End Developer Company Name Synergy Effect Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Vilnius, Lithuania Front End Developer Company Name BITSENS, JSC Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Vilnius, Lihuania Education Visaginas "Verdenės"​ gymnasium Degree Name Secondary education Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2009 Visaginas "TVPMC"​ Degree Name Vocational education Field Of Study Information and Communication Technologies Grade Computer Hardware Engineer Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements JavaScript See 2 endorsements for JavaScript 2 JavaScript Justas Andriulis and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills HTML5 See 2 endorsements for HTML5 2 HTML5 Endorsed by 2 of Laurynas’ colleagues at Cherry Servers Click and drag to reorder skills SCSS See 1 endorsement for SCSS 1 SCSS Justas Andriulis has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Laurynas has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Lithuanian Russian Interests Pulse 1,535,159 followers Cherry Servers 24 followers BalticServers 92 followers
More Actions Joseph has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Joseph Baker Hardware Engineer at Google Google Lehigh University San Francisco Bay Area 225 225 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Mountain View, CA Platforms. Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Teledyne LeCroy Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Chestnut Ridge, NY Oscillscope product development High Bandwidth Oscilloscope Manufacturing Engineer (Rotation) Company Name LeCroy Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Chestnut Ridge, NY Production introduction of new oscilloscope platform Hardware Design Engineer Company Name LeCroy Corporation Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Chestnut Ridge, NY Oscilloscope product development Education Lehigh University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Smart Grid & MIMO Radar research in Signal Processing and Communications Research Laboratory. Lehigh University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Jazz Band, Wind Ensemble, other music organizations. IEEE student branch. Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics Hardware Design See 1 endorsement for Electronics Hardware Design 1 Electronics Hardware Design Tyler Cox has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Electronic Engineering See 1 endorsement for Electronic Engineering 1 Electronic Engineering Tyler Cox has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Electronic Circuit Design See 1 endorsement for Electronic Circuit Design 1 Electronic Circuit Design Tyler Cox has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Joseph has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English, Chinese (Mandarin) Interests Lehigh University 61,727 followers Teledyne LeCroy 3,239 followers Pulse 1,535,159 followers PCB Design Engineers 10,011 members Google 4,871,324 followers Lehigh University Entrepreneurs Network 4,529 members See all See all following
More Actions Alan has a account Alan Yates Hardware Engineer at Valve corporation Valve corporation University of New South Wales Bellevue, Washington 157 157 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Software engineer and architect with electronics skills and extensive experience of web and embedded application development, including integration in a diverse range of environments.Specialties: Software Architecture, Database Design, Integration and Interfacing, Code Generation and Development Automation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Valve corporation Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Engineering leading-edge gaming related hardware and software. R&D Engineer Company Name NetComm Wireless Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Research and development of system and interface software for embedded networking devices. Web Developer Company Name The Creative Company Dates Employed May 2010 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 2 mos Rescue a key web project from bad out-sourcing experience. Broad-spectrum web development and technical consulting. Web Developer Company Name Special Broadcasting Service (SBS) Australia Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 2 mos Lead web software development for a compressed-schedule high profile web property project. Software Engineer Company Name Yahoo!7 Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 10 mos Multi-tier super-scale software design and development for key customer web properties. See more positions Education University of New South Wales Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 Left as undergraduate to start my Internet business. Featured Skills & Endorsements Linux See 14 endorsements for Linux 14 Linux Endorsed by 3 of Alan’s colleagues at AAPT Click and drag to reorder skills C See 13 endorsements for C 13 C Endorsed by Ben Krasnow, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Alan’s colleagues at Valve corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 12 endorsements for Embedded Systems 12 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Jeff Keyzer and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Alan’s colleagues at Valve corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Claudia Stamfel Front End Engineer CSS SASS Javascript (Part time only) May 22, 2012, Alan worked with Claudia in different groups Claudia is one of the best front-end engineers I have ever worked with. In particular her attention to detail and work ethic is unparalleled. For any web project I could not recommend her more highly. Accomplishments Interests UNSW 218,322 followers UNSW 204,732 followers Valve corporation 100,993 followers Pulse 1,535,160 followers
More Actions Kai has a account Kai Lin Hardware Engineer at Imagination Technologies Imagination Technologies University of California, San Diego San Francisco Bay Area 174 174 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Short-term Objectives: To be a "go-to" guy in a small field of processor design.Long-term Goal:A hardware engineer, amateur developer and life-loving poetSpecialties:computer architecture, RTL coding, ASIC design flow Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Imagination Technologies Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location United States Digital Design/Post-Silicon Validation Intern Company Name Broadcom Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Irvine Education University of California, San Diego Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University Degree Name BEng (Hons) Field Of Study Computer Science and Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements C See 4 endorsements for C 4 C Steven Seongeun Jin and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C++ See 3 endorsements for C++ 3 C++ Sanjai Athi and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 2 endorsements for Verilog 2 Verilog Sanjai Athi and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests NVIDIA 208,874 followers Pete CashmorePete Cashmore is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO, Mashable 1,274,098 followers Imagination Technologies 21,899 followers Google 4,871,329 followers NXP Semiconductors 112,209 followers Leadership & Management 24,847,785 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Liang Automotive Development Engineer at General Motors General Motors The University of Toledo Greater Detroit Area 177 177 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent 1. Automotive electronics hardware development including schematic capture, PCB layout, Worst case circuit analysis, simulation using PSPICE, EMC design and correction techniques, DV/PV testing support and DVP&R/PVP&R release2. CAN/CAN FD/LIN/GMLan/Ethernet communication as well as SPI, I2C, USB, TCP/IP, LAN/WAN3. Interfacing manufacturer, component suppliers and OEM customers4. Project coordination and planning, Design for Six Sigma (DFSS)5. Experience with airbag ECUs, central gateway modules, car radio (entertainment), medical device with telecommunication. 6. Look for an opportunity to work on a new technology (for example, IoT - Internet of Things) for automotive application and bring it from concept to production.Specialties: Automotive Electronics electronics module development from sketch to final product. Understanding automotive networking and technologies. Product development with DFSS. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience System Design Engineer Company Name General Motors Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Milford, MI, USA Working on Automated Driving and Active Safety Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name Robert Bosch LLC Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Plymouth, MI, USA 1. Conduct worst case analysis of gateway circuits and search components for better performance and cost reduction2. Support OEM EMC test and homologation EMC test, DV/PV test and prepare DVP&R/PVP&R3. Create or Update the DFMEA for gateway modules4. Create hardware specification and hardware test specification5. Develop next generation Ethernet gateway modules. Activity including definition of microcontroller specification, analyzing OEM requirement and ISO specification, Ethernet PHY/switch selection, DC/DC SMPS power supply design , CAN/CAN FD transceivers, component/circuit modeling and simulation, worst case circuit analysis, etc.6. Researched wireless charging system module for automotive application. The transmitter-receiver communication options include Bluetooth/BTLE, NFC, WiFi, and in-band communication. Understand and be familiar with A4PW, WPA, Qi specifications.7. Completed required training of Design for Six Sigma (DFSS) and working on current project with DFSS to obtain the Green Belt.8. Supported GM Global B Central Gateway Module RFQ and A-sample development.9. Working on Ford SDLC GEN2 (with Ethernet) Gateway project as the lead hardware engineer. Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name Robert Bosch LLC Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Plymouth, MI, USA 1. Analyzed worst case of RFA circuits to find replacement components2. Supported RF circuit matching for better performance3. Assisted EMC test for RFA external antenna variant4. Wrote EOL test specification and found the production test limits.5. Developed the DFMEA for RFA external and internal antenna variants. Sr. Electrical Hardware Engineer Company Name Robert Bosch LLC Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Palo Alto, CA and Plymouth, MI 1. Supported and participate in the global design team while remaining within the time and cost constraints of the projects.2. Defined, developed, and documented requirements, specifications, and test plans for electrical design aspects of our Medical Devices.3. Provided day to day coordination of current and future production of our Medical Devices with various off-site suppliers and manufacturing locations, including risk review and design signoff of proposed changes.4. Organized and planed the testing for Medical Devices including Electrical Safety Testing, EMC5. Liason between external suppliers and our global internal development groups on projects for various current and future Medical Devices.6. Worked on the integration of the GSM module and Bluetooth module into Bosch Medical Devices. Researched on 2G/3G/4G mobile network technologies. Sr. Electrical Hardware Engineer Company Name Robert Bosch LLC Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos 1. Worked on multiple projects of airbag ECU development for major automotive OEMs which are Ford, Daimler Chrysler, and Chrysler. AB9 Ford MY07 U38x, MY08 U38x/C170, AB10+ Ford MY12/13 C520/CD39x, and for AB9 DC MY08 VB1, AB9R Chrysler MY10.2. Designed the customized ECU system architect and created the hardware specification for software and algorithm development.3. Designed the schematics and PCB layout, released BOMs4. Coordinated the electronic component sourcing and qualification for design or design change.5. Organized the prototype and sample builds, hardware bench test, and EMC test.6. Being a major interface to solve issue between development and manufacturing, between development and testing, between hardware design and software design.7. Created DFMEA, analyzed worst case analysis, implemented circuit simulation 8. Wrote test specification for EMC and manufacturing9. Completed projects: AB9 Ford MY07 U38x, MY08 U38x/C170, AB9 DC MY08 VB1, AB9R Chrysler MY10.10. Worked on project AB10+ Ford MY12/13 C520/CD39x. Completed PV design. See more positions Education The University of Toledo Degree Name Master Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 12 endorsements for Embedded Systems 12 Embedded Systems Endorsed by 6 of Kevin’s colleagues at Bosch USA Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 10 endorsements for Electronics 10 Electronics Endorsed by Cyrous Rostamzadeh and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kevin’s colleagues at General Motors Click and drag to reorder skills Microcontrollers See 7 endorsements for Microcontrollers 7 Microcontrollers Endorsed by 3 of Kevin’s colleagues at Bosch USA Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kevin has 6 projects 6 Expand projects section Projects Ford SDLC Gateway GM Global A RFA with External Antenna Airbag ECU MY08 Volume Bundle 1 AB9 Airbag Ford MY12 C520 Airbag ECU Ford MY07 U38x Airbag ECU Ford MY08 C170 Kevin has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Chinese Interests Automotive Engineers 42,123 members Electronic hardware/software(firmware) designers(CHIPRIGHT.COM Sponsors this group) 26,920 members Electronic Engineer 37,267 members Auto OEM Network - World's Largest Automotive Group 324,115 members Automotive Electronics and Embedded Software 28,360 members Michigan Renewable Energy Forum 460 members See all See all following
More Actions Kai has a account Kai Lin Hardware Engineer at Imagination Technologies Imagination Technologies University of California, San Diego San Francisco Bay Area 174 174 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Short-term Objectives: To be a "go-to" guy in a small field of processor design.Long-term Goal:A hardware engineer, amateur developer and life-loving poetSpecialties:computer architecture, RTL coding, ASIC design flow Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Imagination Technologies Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location United States Digital Design/Post-Silicon Validation Intern Company Name Broadcom Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Irvine Education University of California, San Diego Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University Degree Name BEng (Hons) Field Of Study Computer Science and Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements C See 4 endorsements for C 4 C Steven Seongeun Jin and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C++ See 3 endorsements for C++ 3 C++ Sanjai Athi and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 2 endorsements for Verilog 2 Verilog Sanjai Athi and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cisco 1,440,155 followers Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University 8,462 followers University of California San Diego 220,734 followers Technology 20,768,287 followers Computer & Software Engineering Professionals 193,951 members Qualcomm 284,148 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Lotfi Senior Engineer at Google Google University of Calgary San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Differentiation• Engineering Team leader with hardware and software products delivered into mass market for past 17 years (latest Amazon 8.9 HDX tablet, cellular base stations BTS and BSC, IoT accessories)• Thrives in Start up environments and creates order from ambiguity• Entrepreneurial sprite and enjoys creating successful teams and great products• Implements Scrum for hardware as well as software sprints• Hands on design of Mix signal, High Speed Digital, Analog designs and RF experience.• Hands on code with C++/Java/C/PHP/Octave/etc.• Passinate about machine learning• Digital microcontroller, application processors, and network controller• Design for EMI/EMC/ESD, manufacturability and testability (DFM, DFT)• Cadence Concept, Allegro, PADs, Pads logic and AltiumSpecialties: Hardware High Speed Design Mix signal board design, coding.Leader, Project estimation (design, cost, schedule) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Eric’s Activity 601 followers Introducing Lighthouse Eric commented See all activity Experience EE Lead 2016 Pixel Phone Company Name Google Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Mountain View, California Lead consumer hardware concept developmentConcept developer on Google HomeRapid prototyping, and iterative sprint development of hardwareSystems lead focused on EE architecture and schematic level design and balancing cost, software interfaces and required capability, PD, and ID product shape & form, thermals, user interface, etc Media (2) This position has 2 media Nexus Nexus This media is a link Home - Google Home - Google This media is a link Lead / Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name Amazon Lab126 Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location sunnyvale Led the EE Design, and product delivery for Amazon's Kindle HDX 8.9" for 2014: Media (2) This position has 2 media Marketing Highlights Kindle HDX 8.9" Tablet 2014 Marketing Highlights Kindle HDX 8.9" Tablet 2014 This media is a document Press Release and Specs Kindle HDX 8.9" Tablet 2014 Press Release and Specs Kindle HDX 8.9" Tablet 2014 This media is a document Sr Principle Hardware Design Engineering Company Name Formfactor Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area FormFactor Inc, Livermore, CA, Sept 2011 - Present• Leading projects• Hardware design, schematic, layout, testing of boards, with embedded systems development, & lab debug Sr. Hardware Design Engineer / Architect Company Name novero Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area ._________________Management_________________• Development of rapid prototyping processes• Management of third party off shore design houses• Product/project development: feasibility studies, project cost and schedule estimates, project management• Architectural development and road map planning • Mentoring and Training of junior engineering staff ___________________Design___________________• Hardware portable wireless devices (Schematic, Layout, testing, project management, off shore factory interfacing) • Arm Based Low power application microprocessors for handheld devices• Bluetooth Headset design• Wireless modules 802.11, UMTS, CDMA, Bluetooth• Development of miniaturization strategies • Significant Hardware debugging skills in function, signal integrity, audio, EMI, and ESDo Lab equipment oscilloscope, logic analyzers, network analyzer spectrum analyzers, etc• Experience in high volume product design and development for offshore manufacturing Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Nortel Dates Employed Nov 2000 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 8 yrs 4 mos Location Canada • Design of High-speed digital Multiprocessor System• Design of Mix signal analog / RF boards for CDMA base stations• Schematic capture, stack up design, layout rules for low noise & EMI design, signal integrity, crosstalk, and PDN design• Lab Verification, Debugging firmware and hardware, robustness improvements and long term reliability experiments • Definition of hardware software interfaces for application layers and Low level power on selftest firmware development and DVT in C.• Design Centering, Design for Test (DFT): mid volume manufacturing at off sure facilities• Design for volume manufacturability, Offshore introduction for mass production• Network processors, SDRAM, Flash, Power design FPGA (Virtex and Spartan), High speed serial links, PLL, Clock recovery, A/D, D/A, op-amps, typical design 5000 nets in 16 layer stackup• Simulation of circuits: HSPICE, PSPICE, Spectraquest. Concept development in MATLAB• Project lead: Architectural development, requirements gathering, and high level design definition Documentation: specification, verification reports, etc See more positions Education University of Calgary Degree Name B. Sc. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 44 endorsements for Embedded Systems 44 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Andrei Pravet and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Eric’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 25 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 25 Hardware Architecture Endorsed by Tony Barnes and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Eric’s colleagues at Amazon Lab126 Click and drag to reorder skills Debugging See 25 endorsements for Debugging 25 Debugging Endorsed by Kiavash Faraji and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Eric’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 37 more View 37 more skills Recommendations Received (9) Given (4) D. Mark Mead Director of Hardware Engineering at Amazon - Lab126 January 13, 2015, D. Mark was senior to Eric but didn’t manage directly Eric worked on my team as the EE Technical Lead over a tablet design and integration effort. In this capacity, he oversaw HW EE design and integration activities, engineering and pre-production builds, device and subassembly bring-up and troubleshooting, and overall engineering coordination in concert with Program Management. As an EE Technical Lead, he also led a team of A-class engineers which - together - did amazing work. Eric has a great work ethic, a very professional demeanor & attitude and is always ready to jump into the fray and meet new challenges head-on...with a smile. Great asset to any team! Stephanie Oberg Hardware Team Lead & Program Manager September 22, 2014, Eric worked with Stephanie in the same group Eric was the Kindle Hardware Lead for our most recent high-end tablet launch, while I was the Engineering Program Manager. Eric hit the ground running in a demanding environment. He did a great job leading our large engineering team and working with the many varied personalities and perspectives on how to approach our design challenges. He took full responsibility for the technical design, including areas outside his EE expertise. Throughout, he was a beacon of professionalism and team spirit. He is missed here at Lab126 and welcome back at any time. I'd work with him again very gladly. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Irfan Elahi Sr. Hardware Engineering Manager at Lab126 September 25, 2014, Eric reported directly to Irfan Irfan manages a team of hardware leads, hardware engineers and SI leads focusing on Tablet and e-Ink reader design. I had the pleasure of working in Irfan’s team at Lab126 as a Kindle table hardware lead hardware engineer. Irfan has strong intuition and provides valuable advice to project to avoid pit fall. That is, he is capable of noticing pitfall that may be looming much in advance. Furthermore, he has strong signal integrity knowledge and is able to do complete deep dives in SI issues. Irfan is great people manager and he knows when to let engineers thrive with little supervision and he knows when to jump in to correct a course of action. I would work for a team that he manages without second thought or hesitation! mickey aslam Lead hardware systems engineer at >>Verizon Inc>> July 13, 2014, Eric worked with mickey in different groups Mickey is a strong hardware engineer with passion for architecture development. He frequently performs deep dives into circuits to address low level details as well as he keeps an eye out for future proofing architecture of the design. Mickey would be at his peak performance when he is given the luxury of full design and architecture control. His strengths are application processors, and power. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Recently Severed Canadian Nortel Employees 1,197 members Microsemi Corporation 35,846 followers Amazon Lab126 81,973 followers Wearable / IoT 37,365 members University of Calgary 152,702 followers Toronto Area Ex-Nortel 240 members See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Meyer Controls Engineer; Dematic Corporation Dematic Michigan Technological University Greater Grand Rapids, Michigan Area 118 118 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I have 25 years of experience working with computer software and hardware. My main focus has been in industrial warehouse applications and controls. Engineering, Design &amp; Consulting, LLC (EDC) was formed in January 2006. EDC offers expert, professional solutions for the computer and engineering needs of large corporations as well as small offices. I work with PLCs, scanners, light arrays, RFID, distance measuring devices, variable frequency drives, scales and many other data collection devices. I have experience in working with office networks, sortation systems and machining centers, as well as CNC and NC machines. My specialty continues to be in analyzing and solving unique warehouse management and networking issues.Specialties: • Custom Application Programming • Software Debugging and Redesign• Website, Email, and Database Hosting• Database Design and Programming• Industrial Warehousing Evaluation and Commissioning• PLC Coding• Inner Office Network Design and Reimplementation• Site to Site VPN• Software Support• Basic General Computer Support• Computer Hardware Repair See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Controls Engineer Company Name Dematic Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs Software/Hardware design for warehouse control systems President Company Name Engineering Design & Consulting, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Software/Hardware design for warehouse control systems (WMS design/support, conveyor PLC control, RF picking systems ...). Senior Engineer Company Name Industrial Service Technology Dates Employed Jun 1984 – Dec 2005 Employment Duration 21 yrs 7 mos Software/Hardware design for warehouse control systems (WMS design/support, conveyor PLC control, RF picking systems ...). Education Michigan Technological University Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electronics and Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1983 Activities and Societies: Theta Tau National Engineering Fraternity, 4 years varsity football and intramural sports. Featured Skills & Endorsements Automation See 9 endorsements for Automation 9 Automation Endorsed by Scott Stachowiak and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of John’s colleagues at Dematic Click and drag to reorder skills Engineering See 9 endorsements for Engineering 9 Engineering Endorsed by Andrea Gazzera, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of John’s colleagues at Dematic Click and drag to reorder skills Commissioning See 5 endorsements for Commissioning 5 Commissioning Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at Dematic Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Michigan Technological University 48,116 followers Dematic 42,610 followers Michigan Technological University 50,015 followers Pulse 1,535,161 followers
More Actions Javad has a account Javad Shiyasi Automotive Hardware Engineer CROUSE (P.J.S) Co. K. N. Toosi University of Technology Iran 111 111 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Automotive Hardware Engineer Company Name CROUSE (P.J.S) Co. Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Tehran Province, Iran Automotive hardware design engineer Electronic Design Engineer Company Name Daneshgostar Co Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Tehran Province, Iran Education K. N. Toosi University of Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2010 Thesis Title: Design and Implementation of PID Controller for a Servo Hydro Motor Featured Skills & Endorsements Engineering See 8 endorsements for Engineering 8 Engineering Mohamad Moradi and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 7 endorsements for Matlab 7 Matlab Mohamad Moradi and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 6 endorsements for Microsoft Office 6 Microsoft Office Mohamad Moradi and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Javad has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Control Systems Laboratory Lecturer Instrumentation Laboratory Lecturer Javad has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Persian Javad has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Nominated for “Design and implementation of robotic rehabilitation device for injured spinal cord patients” Javad has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Designing a suspension and electromechanical elevation control system for patients with disabilities Interests K. N. Toosi University of Technology 9,019 followers Mary BarraMary Barra is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at General Motors 524,307 followers K. N. Toosi University of Technology 8,496 followers Pulse 1,535,161 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,597,687 followers CROUSE (P.J.S) Co. 598 followers
More Actions Anupam has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Anupam Pathak Technical Lead at Verily (Google Life Sciences) Google University of Michigan San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My goal is to develop new medical devices, therapy technologies and programs especially for the social good. I value inter-disciplinary work, and have solid experience in startups/business development, mechanical/electrical, and software engineering. I find huge value in working with individuals from various (technical and non-technical) backgrounds and thrive in (and wish to create) dynamic, energetic, and good-natured teams.Specialties: Business Development, Assistive Devices, Product Design, Medical Devices, Robotics, Control Systems and Automation, Embedded Systems (C/C++), Sensors, Thermal Sciences, Algorithms. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Google [x], Verily Life Sciences Company Name Google Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Founder and CEO Company Name Lift Labs (Lynx Design) Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Lift Labs develops new medical devices to help improve quality of life for people suffering from neurological disorders like Parkinson's Disease and Essential Tremor. Our first product, Liftware, is a novel electro-mechanical system that was funded by the NIH and is now available on the market. We are actively developing new technologies and are seeking partnerships in the fields of medicine, occupational therapy, robotics, and digital health. Fellow Company Name Rock Health Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 4 mos Lift Labs (Lynx Design) was part of Rock Health's V5 class. Adjunct Professor Company Name Foothill College Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Los Altos Hills, CA Taught intro to engineering and organized/led robotics laboratory. Students learned fundamentals to engineering, and pitched products to a panel of industry experts. Senior Engineer Company Name Alta Devices Dates Employed Jan 2010 – May 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos Worked in the development of metrology and test equipment/methods for unique high efficiency photovoltaic products. See more positions Education University of Michigan Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Activities and Societies: ASME, First Robotics, International Peer Menor, Graduate Symposium University of Michigan Degree Name MS Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Research in electromechanical systems, controls, heat transfer, and smart materials and structures (piezoelectric actuators, shape memory alloys). University of California, Berkeley Degree Name BS Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Activities and Societies: ASME Research in web-based Life Cycle Assessment (LCA), and autonomous driving. Volunteer Experience Cofounder Company Name Explorabox Dates volunteered Jun 2010 – Jun 2010 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Co-founded a nonprofit to develop hands-on science kits for children. The goal is to get more children excited about science, including those in underprivileged situations. Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Development See 46 endorsements for Product Development 46 Product Development Endorsed by Paul Kamholz, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Anupam’s colleagues at Alta Devices Click and drag to reorder skills Biomedical Engineering See 42 endorsements for Biomedical Engineering 42 Biomedical Engineering Endorsed by 2 of Anupam’s colleagues at Alta Devices Click and drag to reorder skills Medical Devices See 35 endorsements for Medical Devices 35 Medical Devices Endorsed by Kushal Vepa, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Anupam’s colleagues at Alta Devices Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Haibin Wang Marketing & Recruiting at Antai College of Economics & Management, Shanghai Jiao Tong University March 17, 2011, Haibin worked with Anupam but at different companies Anupam is a talented mechanical designer and very passionate about his research. Moreover, he has the high moral standard! I am proud of studying together with him. Bhramara Tirupati Project Manager at Advanced Bionics May 31, 2011, Anupam was a client of Bhramara’s Bhramara served as a consultant to Lynx Design when we were preparing our research proposal and preliminary business plan to the NIH. Her professionalism, good spirits, and excellent feedback helped us secure our first round of funding. I highly recommend her. Accomplishments Anupam has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Professional Engineer (Registered PE, California) Anupam has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award 2015 Tibbetts Award (Lift Labs) Anupam has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Chinese Interests Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,597,690 followers University of Michigan Alumni 80,243 members University of Michigan 368,382 followers Mechanical Design Engineers 214,691 members American Geriatrics Society 2,654 followers Cal Alumni Association | UC Berkeley 56,467 members See all See all following
More Actions William has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd William Harrell Engineer at Stealth Start-up Stealth Mode Startup New Mexico State University Greater Denver Area 385 385 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Results driven Hardware Engineer with a BSEE and more than seven years experience in FPGA based product design supporting server modules and enclosures, satellite emulation equipment, solid state storage technology and telecommunications for defense and commercial products. Possess a strong technical background in FPGA design, RTL, simulation, lab debug, and problem solving with a focus on improving product design and quality. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} William’s Activity 385 followers Problem Solving 101: Everybody Lies - The Combine William liked See all activity Experience Engineer Company Name Stealth Mode Startup Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Boulder, Colorado R&D Hardware Engineer Company Name Newisys - A Division of Sanmina Corporation Dates Employed May 2014 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location colorado springs, colorado Designed new IO expansion FPGA providing a control interface for server enclosure management of HDDs/SSDs and status LEDs via an I2C interface. Create quarterly updates for FPGA images for in the field products; i.e. feature requests from Customers. Member of cross-functional team validating all facets of the server module; with focus on SSD and DDR compatibility/performance. Creating FPGA design guidelines, coding standard, and design reuse library Hardware Engineer (FPGA Design) Company Name SEAKR Engineering Dates Employed Jul 2011 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location centennial, co Architected new high-speed test system for next generation SSR, including hardware platform and FPGA design. Designed new high speed FPGA that generates and transmits data with multichannel framing arbitrating into multiple SRIO cores (3rd party IP vendor). Designed FPGA that syncs received data, deinterleaves then decodes data via Xilinx Reed-Solomon decoder for in hardware data comparison and error detection. Entrusted to interview multiple candidates for FPGA design and hardware design positions for the Test Systems Design team Hardware Developement Engineer Company Name Smart Modular Technologies Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Phoenix, Arizona Member of the cross-functional NVDIMM Development Team that designed a non-volatile DRAM DIMM for production release.Performed FPGA simulation and lab debug for NAND Flash and DDR3 interfacesDebugged DDR3 interface with 3rd party IP vendor for proper functionality.Member of the cross-functional MONC Development Team that designed an SSD NAND Flash Controller for production release (MONC). Designed new VHDL blocks for MONC: Interface between NIOS processor and MONC data transport system.Designed new data transport error detection and correction blockDesigned new interface between data transport network and DDR2 bus arbiter Designed new non-volatile RAM interface increasing on board storage for MONC Hardware Engineer Company Name Comtech EF Data Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Tempe, AZ Designed, simulated, tested and implemented FPGA to control DACs, ADCs, and Digital Synthesizers via SPI interface. Designed, simulated, tested and implemented FPGA to control new M:N redundancy system.Designed, tested, debugged, and implemented new 12 Port Ethernet Switch card, allowing legacy products to use M:N redundancy system.Updated older FPGAs to meet new requirements, specifications and functionality.Created and performed new Engineering Product Review process that found flaws in products before release.Produced numerous thermal and airflow analysis reports to verify design specifications.Developed and performed numerous Design Verification Test (DVT) procedures to meet unique design specification. See more positions Education New Mexico State University Degree Name Bachelors of Science Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2007 Activities and Societies: IEEE, MAES, SHPE, NMSU NIRSA Soccer Team Autonomous Blimp Senior Design Project - Lead Software and Algorithm EngineerDirected Mentoring Power Fellowship Scholarship recipient (2002-2005) Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 13 endorsements for FPGA 13 FPGA Endorsed by Craig Abramson, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Xilinx See 9 endorsements for Xilinx 9 Xilinx Endorsed by 3 of William’s colleagues at SEAKR Engineering, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 8 endorsements for Electronics 8 Electronics Endorsed by Mark Schultz, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of William’s colleagues at Newisys - A Division of Sanmina Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (3) Carl Ribbing Electrical Engineer at General Dynamics Mission Systems February 25, 2014, William worked with Carl in the same group Will is a very skillful and hard working engineer. He does a great job at finding well thought out solutions to problems. He does a great job at helping out when you ask him a question and is very easy to work with in a team setting. I've enjoyed my time working with him and I believe that he has the skills and knowledge to be an excellent FPGA design engineer. He applies himself well to projects and does a great job at overcoming hurdles in a design. Will comes highly recommended and will work well on any project he is tasked with. Brundavani Srimat Senior Design Engineer at Intel Corporation February 24, 2011, William worked with Brundavani in the same group Will is highly capable Engineer who has exceptional FPGA design expertise. He has the ability to dive deeply into technical problems and come up with innovative solutions. His engaging personality, inquisitive mind, thirst for knowledge, and desire to help others make him an ideal candidate. He is very easy to work with and he makes the team jell together. With his combination of skills, Will is an asset to any team. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Carl Ribbing Electrical Engineer at General Dynamics Mission Systems March 1, 2014, Carl worked with William in the same group Carl is an excellent and knowledgeable engineer. His ability to quickly understand problems and then solve those problems rapidly is amazing. In working with Carl on various projects, his knowledge of Xilinx FPGA architecture and natural talent for FPGA design has demonstrated he is a very important asset to any team he works with. Carl is the quintessential team player and helps teams come together and be efficient. Overall, Carl's knowledge and abilities come highly recommended. Patrick Ryan Engineering Manager at Hybrid Design Associates, LLC January 27, 2011, Patrick worked with William in the same group Patrick is an excellent do it all engineer. From TCL/Bash/Batch scripting to technical documentation he does it all. I have worked with Patrick on numerous project through out the passed year; his hard work ethic and determination drive him to successfully complete tasks on time. He is an excellent team player and role model for younger engineers! I really enjoy working with Patrick and I know he is a great asset to any team he works with and will make a positive impact for any company he works for. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments William has 21 courses 21 Expand courses section Courses Calculus 2 Calculus 3 Calculus I Circuits 1 Circuits 2 Controls 1 Differential Equations Digital Design 1 Digital Design 2 Electromagnetics Interests SanDisk® 94,065 followers ASIC and FPGA Design and Verification Contract Openings 9,399 members Plexus Corp. 23,398 followers NBC News 141,078 followers Cardinal Peak 442 followers Texas Instruments 231,505 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kaushik has a account Kaushik Raghuraman Graphics Hardware Engineer at Intel Corporation Intel Corporation Arizona State University Sacramento, California Area 249 249 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a Graphics Hardware Engineer implementing Design For Testing (DFT) features for next generation Graphics products at Intel Corporation. I have also done an internship at Intel Corporation and worked on timing convergence under two CPU projects.I have explored areas such as performance validation of solar modules at TUV Rheinland PTL and also have good experience with web development and database management at a social Media research lab at Arizona State University.I lead an active life style, play a lot of tennis and consider work-life balance essential.Specialties: DFT, VLSI Analog/Digital circuit Design, Verification, Validation, Static Timing Analysis, Tango/TgTa, Pathmill/PLUS, Parade, Verilog/VHDL, PERL, TCL, PHP, Web Development, Scripting, Database Management, Solar Testing See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Kaushik’s Activity 249 followers Amazon's Alexa Getting Weather, News, And Shopping Notifications Kaushik liked See all activity Experience Graphics Hardware Engineer Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed May 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Folsom CA I work in the Graphics DFx team implementing at-speed testability solutions spanning across Architecture, Design & Pre-Si validation and Post-Si enabling support for HVM environment.At-speed DFT solutions expert for GPU Display in 3 projects. Work spanned over architecture, design (system-verilog), Validation (Synopsis VCS) of Display features using DFT (Controlability & Observability) solutions that would be used in HVM environment.- Display functional content enabling expert for HVM testing.- MISR (scan-out) feature expert.- HVM Clocks, Reset and Power expert for Display environment.- HVM testing strategy and content enabling. - Worked on determining test conditions for Dynamic Voltage Frequency Scaling for GPU Display- PERL expert for DFT design and validation automation solutions.- Have good understanding of structural DFT features such as SCAN and Array DFT.- Have good understanding on the overall GPU display architecture. Performance Validation Intern Company Name TUV Rheinland PTL Dates Employed Feb 2009 – May 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Handling performance characterization on different types of Solar Modules for IEC/UL standards of performance and safety. Job involves,- Measuring the Electrical performance and taking I-V curves under varying conditions of temperature and irradiance after different stress tests are performed on the modules.- Analysis and modeling of the measured temperature coefficients, Peak power, Voc &amp; Isc characteristics and identifying the reasons for any performance degradations.- Developed an online continuos performance monitoring system for an applied project. Provided automation support for various tasks using PERL. Graduate Research Assistant Company Name Arizona State University Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 12 mos I worked as a Graduate Assistant for the Office of Professional Field Experiences, College of Education. Job involved,- Development and maintainence of the department MS Access Database and the department's dotCMS website.- Provided automation support by writing PERL scripts for processing department surveys. Graduate Intern, Timing Convergence Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Santa Clara, CA Worked on Timing Closure under two microprocessor projects, in the BUS section. Tasks performed were,- Running the section-timing model for the section, performing static timing analysis of the critical paths, identifying max & min paths, slope violations and communicating with the concerned block (FUB) owners to fix them.- Performing timing audits for the FUBs and identifying any ‘Action Required’ (AR) for the FUB owners before the timing closure. - Handled the netlist model in Jaketown, fixing missing connectivity in the section and generating a stable section schematic. - Worked on Design Automation for Timing Audits, netlist manipulation and timing report disposition.- Worked with a diverse team that spanned across two different sites (Santa Clara & Folsom, CA). - Tools: Tango/TgTA, Pathmill/PLUS, Parade. Web Developer, New Media Innovation Lab Company Name Arizona State University Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 11 mos I worked as a web researcher and developer at the New Media Innovation lab. Job involved,- Development of the music website, tunedig.com using Drupal CMS. The language used was PHP and MySQL was used for database support. Main responsibility was in development of the profile and registration modules. Was also involved in the debugging.- Did New Media research on features of Web 2.0 and did usability studies on the lab's research product tunedig.com. Education Arizona State University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Activities and Societies: New Product Development of an MMO game, New Media Innovation Lab - Research on Web 2.0, development of tunedig.com, IP research, commercialization planning Primary focus is on VLSI Digital/Analog and Mixed Signal Circuit Design. I also did various courses on Device Physics, Design of Experiements and Strategic Technology Management. Anna University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Developed a prototype of a simple home surveillance system that would communicate thru Wifi to a home computer interface and dial out to home owners using the Modem. Featured Skills & Endorsements Perl See 5 endorsements for Perl 5 Perl Endorsed by 2 of Kaushik’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills VLSI See 4 endorsements for VLSI 4 VLSI mahadevan sundaram and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Static Timing Analysis See 3 endorsements for Static Timing Analysis 3 Static Timing Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Kaushik’s colleagues at Arizona State University Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Anand Lakshmanan Products at Flipkart February 4, 2010, Anand managed Kaushik directly Kaushik was easily one of the best interns I managed at Intel. His strengths are attention to detail, discipline and initiative. About 3 months into his internship, he picked up several aspects of our team's deliverables, on his own initiative, over and above his regular deliverables. Also, Kaushik has a very amiable personality and is extremely easy to work with, as attested by several members of our team. In short, I would have absolutely no hesitation to hire him into our team again if there is an opportunity to do so. Shahram Jamshidi Senior Technical Manager, Program Manager, Project Manager, MBA, PMP, CSM, CSPO (software, hardware, system) January 22, 2010, Shahram managed Kaushik directly Kaushik interned in my group in a section timing assistant role. He was working closely with section timing owner in this role. This role requires quick ramp up on timing tools and methodologies. It also requires significant interaction with the design team. From my observations he picked up the task very quickly, was able to wramp up on methodologies very fast and also make solid contributions to the group. The feedback from my team, was that he is really good to work with, he does very good support, quickly understand issues and knows how to go about resolving it. I recommend Kaushik to any employer. His strengths are, good team player, ramps up very quickly and has solid technical skills. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Shahram Jamshidi Senior Technical Manager, Program Manager, Project Manager, MBA, PMP, CSM, CSPO (software, hardware, system) May 4, 2012, Shahram was senior to Kaushik but didn’t manage directly I worked as an intern in Shahram's group on timing convergence. He was one of the easiest managers I could approach with questions and guidance. During my discussions with him on both technical & non-technical topics I found him to be a very friendly and knowledgeable person. I am very thankful to Shahram for making my internship experience pleasant and exciting. Accomplishments Kaushik has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Tamil Interests Arizona State University West 32,311 followers Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering International Students and Alumni 1,274 members SemiconductorJobs.com Group 52,225 members Arizona State University College of Law 30,722 followers GoinGlobal 8,510 members Arizona State University College of Law 30,618 followers See all See all following
More Actions Adrian has a account Adrian Wong G is for Gadgets, Glasses, and Goggles Alphabet/Google Cornell University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Professional Daydreamer Company Name Alphabet/Google Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Mountain View, CA System architecture and hardware R&D for VR, AR, and MR at Google.Managing early stage R&D portfolio for Daydream and building strong collaborations with academic and industrial partners.Leading a team of dedicated research scientists, engineers, and prototypers to create the next generation of technologies and devices. Oculus Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Menlo Park, CA Recruiting and interviewing for early stage teams and first hires in engineering program management, audio engineering, embedded firmware development, optics design, RF baseband/antenna design, logistics, and document control. Metaverse Systems Engineer Company Name Oculus VR Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Irvine, CA Recruiting and interviewing for early stage hardware team. Research and development for next generation VR hardware architectures.Acquired by Facebook in August 2014, additional details under Facebook. Media (1) This position has 1 media [TechCrunch] Google Glass' Lead Electrical Engineer Adrian Wong Defects To Oculus [TechCrunch] Google Glass' Lead Electrical Engineer Adrian Wong Defects To Oculus This media is a link Professional Daydreamer (Tech Lead / Manager) Company Name Google Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Mountain View, CA Professional daydreamer for *moonshot ideas* in Google[x].Google Glass Program -- Hardware Engineering Manager for EE, camera, and RF design teams. System architecture, business development, and strategic planning. Managing multiple cross-functional engineering teams. Google Glass Explorer Edition -- Senior Hardware Engineer. End-to-end rapid prototyping, display subsystem design and architecture, production HDI PCB layout, electronics supply chain and vendor management, new technology scouting. Research and development in custom display architectures and sensors. Launched Glass Explorer Edition. Member of Technical Staff Company Name Sandia National Laboratories Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Livermore, CA Systems engineering, reverse engineering, threat assessment, embedded hardware design, and firmware development for classified projects. Specializing in physical security systems of national security assets.Interagency work with the US national security apparatus and the US nuclear weapons complex. Graduate of the 2010 NNSA WIP weapon program.Security Clearance: TS/SCI (SSBI), Q, and [...] Education Cornell University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Activities and Societies: VP of HKN and HKN Tutoring Program National HKN Outstanding Chapter Award Cornell University Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Activities and Societies: Cornell Creative Machines Labs, ECE 476 Senior Capstone Course TA - Modular and stochastic robotics research with advisor Hod Lipson (CCML)- IEEE-Cornell TA of the Year Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Adrian has 22 patents 22 Expand patents section Patents Wearable Computer with Nearby Object Response Methods and devices for rendering interactions between virtual and physical objects on a substantially transparent display Apparatus and method for display lighting adjustment Methods for Using Head-Movement Data to Control Display Content Unlocking method for a computing system Wearable computer with superimposed controls and instructions for external device Don and Doff Sensing Using Capacitive Sensors Use of optical display system as a visual indicator for a wearable computing device Measurement Method Display System Interests Facebook 1,533,440 followers Cornell University 265,747 followers Technology 20,768,314 followers Oculus VR 29,970 followers Pulse 1,535,165 followers Cornell University 292,209 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ling has a account Ling Shang Software QA Engineer at DSSD (EMC) DSSD (EMC) University of Southern California San Francisco Bay Area 311 311 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Having been in industry for almost 19 years, I'm now very interested in software QA or software engineer in Testing jobs, I'm very interested in automation and would like to grow in that direction as well. Highlights Experience Software QA Engineer Company Name DSSD (EMC) Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos QA engineer Company Name NetApp Dates Employed 2011 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Sunnyvale, CA - Designed and implemented test plans for main features in Logical Replication (LRSE) Project. Wrote quick and dirty Perl scripts for extensive test matrix coverage. - Designed and implemented test plans for main features in Single File Restore (SFR) Project.- Designed test plans for some features in Granular Sync Replication Project. Senior software engineer Company Name Brocade Dates Employed 2008 – 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Jose, CA Designed and developed Blade Driver for a FCIP switch platform. Software Engineer Company Name HP Dates Employed 2000 – 2008 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Cupertino, CA - Designed and developed features in Auto Port Aggregation solution around Data Link Layer (L2) to provide High Availability and High Bandwidth on HP-UX, Including• LACP (IEEE 802.3ad) mode trunking• PAgP mode trunking• MANUAL mode trunking- Designed and developed features in LAN Monitor (LM) solution for fail-over functionality. Trainer Company Name Nokia Dates Employed 1997 – 1998 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Beijing, China Gave courses in - DX200 Platform Training- Network 101 Training See more positions Education University of Southern California Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (2) Given (6) Yiqing (Christy) Huang Senior Software Engineer, Ph.D February 3, 2017, Ling worked with Yiqing (Christy) in the same group I worked with Ling at HP on HPUX/networking projects. She is a hard working, motivated and intelligent engineer who is not afraid of challenges. She constantly come up with solutions for difficult problems. syam mohan MTS at Nutanix July 2, 2015, Ling worked with syam in the same group Frankly speaking, I didn't see some one like Ling who is very keen to every aspect of the product. She will go to the extreme end of each corner even though she is in a tight schedule . Apart from the functionality, she knows every inner concepts of the product. Ling will be really worth to any Team. Shirni Arekapudi Software QA Engineer March 24, 2017, Shirni worked with Ling in the same group Shirni and I worked together on WAFL-Replica projects: Snapmirror Logical Replication and Single File Restore at NetApp.She was initially brought into the team for reproducing a critical escalation and she did an excellent job in driving the issue. WAFL-Replica projects were very complicated, she read all the related links of the escalation, she asked for an overview of the product and the key documents, I was so impressed by her fast grasp and understanding of the key points of the projects, her passion and ownership of the escalation! When she asked us to review her test plan, she raised many very good questions, her test plan was very thorough, she focused on the key area, and also covered lots of race-conditions and inter-op with related features.She had complete ownership for her projects! She did lots of reading, Architecture Spec, Functional Spec, Design Spec, and all the sub-links in those documents. Her domain knowledge was very good, she watched lots of VODs and read lots of related documents. She worked on dedupe project before, and her knowledge was so helpful when testing WAFL-Replica projects!Shirni was good at functional test, her test plans were always very thorough and detail oriented. When she automated her test cases, her scripts were very modular and logical, and she handled the failure cases thoroughly. She lead the stress efforts for the team, her data sets were very big, she covered all kinds of data sets related to her projects.She filed many very good bugs, and she kept expanding her understanding of the product by studying lots of related bugs.She is a very good team player, very capable, positive and enthusiastic to help others. She made valuable and significant contributions to the team, and I highly recommend her! Yiqing (Christy) Huang Senior Software Engineer, Ph.D February 7, 2017, Yiqing (Christy) worked with Ling in the same group I worked with Christy at HP on HPUX/networking projects. She joined us in 2006, she was so fast in ramping up new complicated product, she was so sharp and her thinking was so logical, she was always raised key points in our discussions. She was so passionated about the product and so responsible for every feature she worked on. When she worked on challenging problems, she always did thorough investigations and gave clear analysis and recommendations, and solved them beautifully. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests NetApp 332,549 followers Pulse 1,535,165 followers Hewlett Packard Enterprise 2,454,272 followers Google 4,871,339 followers HP 2,446,947 followers
More Actions Marshall has a account Marshall Comisar Principal Electrical Engineer at Medtronic Medtronic University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 438 438 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Dedicated technical leader with nine years of experience in medical device system design, development, and verification. Experience working directly with marketing and physician advisers to develop marketing and system requirements for Class II and Class III medical active implantable medical devices. Experience collaborating with upper management to define strategy for developing medical device systems with limited resources. Defined subsystem requirements and hardware specifications from marketing requirements, system requirements, and international standards. Led team of engineers and technicians through design and verification phases of development. Generated and compiled regulatory submission documentation hardware design of Class II and Class III medical devices.Experienced in electrical design and evaluation of analog mixed mode ICs, switched capacitor sense amplifiers, EEPROM memory modules, RF communication protocols, RF antenna evaluation, RF link budget development, battery management circuitry, system power budget, system battery longevity modeling.Versed in MATLAB modeling, firmware development in C/C++, object oriented design, verification test automation in LABVIEW See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Electrical Engineer Company Name Medtronic Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Fridley, MN Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name QiG group (R&D Division of Greatbatch Medical) Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Plymouth, MN • Lead team of seven (four engineers and three technicians) responsible for design, development and verification of Class II implantable medical device system including external patient and clinical interface device. • Architected the system and hardware design for patient and clinician interrogator for implanted medical device• Coordinated multiple design centers to complete design and verification of system components including implantable device and external interrogator. • Responsible for development and validation of the hardware and software for multiple production test systems at various stages of assembly.• Developed system level and subsystem level hardware and software requirements• Developed RF communication link budget and completed evaluation of multiple RF antenna designs• Developed verification strategy for electrical and system integration verification and validation activities.• Created new procedures for software validation and electrical design verification based on FDA guidance and international standards• Root cause analysis and resolution of major component issues including latent failure of primary lithium battery cells• Evaluated implanted and external medical devices against international standards: EN 45502, EN 60601, FCC Part 15, RTT&E, CISPR 11, etc. Sr. Electrical Engineer Company Name Boston Scientific Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos 1. Electrical Lead for next generation pacemaker platform - Responsible for PCB and Bill of Materials - Quickly triage issues, identify root cause, and drive resolution - Lead team of 8 engineers and technicians to complete design verification - Responsible for FDA and EU submission - Interface between the hardware group and the rest of the organization (firmware, systems, regulatory, manufacturing, management, etc)2. Design of low power integrated circuits for implantable medical devices.3. Lead electrical development, system design (requirements and risk analysis), and verification testing for external medical device (class III). Developed relationship with contract manufacturer, procurement of components, and design of production test requirements and systems.4. Leading design verification testing team for ICD with on-board sensors for clinical study5. PCB design for ASIC evaluation6. Quality control for medical device components including FMEA and qualification. Electrical Engineer Company Name Guidant Dates Employed May 2005 – Apr 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr Electrical Engineer Intern Company Name EFJohnson Company Dates Employed May 2002 – Aug 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Education University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Degree Name MSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering - DSP, IC Design Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 University of Nebraska-Lincoln Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering - Communication/DSP Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Activities and Societies: J.D. Edwards Honors Program in Computer Science and Management, Pi Kappa Alpha, Student Gov., Omicron Delta Kappa Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) David Jackson Electrical Engineer at Agilent Technologies February 15, 2007, Marshall worked with David in the same group Marshall is extremely proactive and quick to learn, and he cares deeply about getting work done correctly and rapidly. While working with Marshall, I found that he was eager to learn more about analog integrated circuit design and was willing to take on any aspect of our project in order to help the group. For example, Marshall helped me on an EEPROM project by creating a model of a floating-gate (Fowler-Nordheim tunneling) cell. This required that Marshall master the structure and function of the EEPROM, which he did quickly. His curiosity about the EEPROM led to his discovery that it contained a design flaw, which he helped me to solve. Through our work together, Marshall demonstrated that he knows when to ask questions and when to do research on his own. Marshall also gets along flawlessly with other team members. In short, Marshall is one of the first people that I would consider working with on any future project regardless of his experience with the specific subject matter. John Hatlestad Principal Research Scientist at Boston Scientific April 23, 2007, John managed Marshall directly Marshall worked on my summer internship project to design and build a prototype of a small, self-contained, body-worn sensor/data acquisition system for monitoring the posture & activity of patients in clinical studies. Marshall did a great job on this project, delivering a functional prototype in the 3 short months of his internship. Marshall is highly motivated, enthusiastic, and self-directed. He is very quick to identify the appropriate technologies, components, and software. For this project, he constructed an embedded systems development environment to build and test the hardware and software required for the project. Marshall proactively seeks information from multiple sources including networking with colleagues and talking with component vendors to ensure the best possible design. Ath the end of the project, Marshall presented his work to senior management with clarity, poise and confidence. Marshall is a talented engineer, and it was a pleasure working with Marshall on this summer intern project! Tom Wyatt Lead Test Engineer at Digi International May 23, 2014, Marshall managed Tom directly I’ve had the privilege of working with Tom for the past two years and as his manager for the last year at Greatbatch Medical (QiG Group). As the lead electrical technician on a complex, active implantable medical device project, Tom has shown himself to be extremely capable across a broad range of disciplines. QiG Group is a lean and agile R&D division of Greatbatch, Inc. As such, Tom has been required to own a multitude of tasks, some of which were outside of his area of expertise. Regardless of previous experience, Tom has always enthusiastically taken on new tasks and educated himself as needed. Not only did Tom’s duties consist of typical electrical technician work such as building and modifying PCBs, performing bench tests on product, and maintaining lab equipment, but he stepped up to own RF characterizations, implantable medical device evaluations and verifications, and multiple fixture designs including complex production test system fixtures. Tom is a great team member. He works well with everybody and is extremely resourceful. He builds connections with people and departments across the company and across industry which enables him to effectively complete designs and tasks even on a resource constrained team. Accomplishments Marshall has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Ingenio Interests The Medical Alley Association 16,049 members NeuroPace 7,677 followers Integer Holdings Corp. (formerly Greatbatch Medical) 8,657 followers Medical Device Engineers Network 45,003 members University of Nebraska-Lincoln 129,458 followers Cardiovascular Medical Devices Group 53,297 members See all See all following
More Actions Adrian has a account Adrian Wong G is for Gadgets, Glasses, and Goggles Alphabet/Google Cornell University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Professional Daydreamer Company Name Alphabet/Google Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Mountain View, CA System architecture and hardware R&D for VR, AR, and MR at Google.Managing early stage R&D portfolio for Daydream and building strong collaborations with academic and industrial partners.Leading a team of dedicated research scientists, engineers, and prototypers to create the next generation of technologies and devices. Oculus Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Menlo Park, CA Recruiting and interviewing for early stage teams and first hires in engineering program management, audio engineering, embedded firmware development, optics design, RF baseband/antenna design, logistics, and document control. Metaverse Systems Engineer Company Name Oculus VR Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Irvine, CA Recruiting and interviewing for early stage hardware team. Research and development for next generation VR hardware architectures.Acquired by Facebook in August 2014, additional details under Facebook. Media (1) This position has 1 media [TechCrunch] Google Glass' Lead Electrical Engineer Adrian Wong Defects To Oculus [TechCrunch] Google Glass' Lead Electrical Engineer Adrian Wong Defects To Oculus This media is a link Professional Daydreamer (Tech Lead / Manager) Company Name Google Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Mountain View, CA Professional daydreamer for *moonshot ideas* in Google[x].Google Glass Program -- Hardware Engineering Manager for EE, camera, and RF design teams. System architecture, business development, and strategic planning. Managing multiple cross-functional engineering teams. Google Glass Explorer Edition -- Senior Hardware Engineer. End-to-end rapid prototyping, display subsystem design and architecture, production HDI PCB layout, electronics supply chain and vendor management, new technology scouting. Research and development in custom display architectures and sensors. Launched Glass Explorer Edition. Member of Technical Staff Company Name Sandia National Laboratories Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Livermore, CA Systems engineering, reverse engineering, threat assessment, embedded hardware design, and firmware development for classified projects. Specializing in physical security systems of national security assets.Interagency work with the US national security apparatus and the US nuclear weapons complex. Graduate of the 2010 NNSA WIP weapon program.Security Clearance: TS/SCI (SSBI), Q, and [...] Education Cornell University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Activities and Societies: VP of HKN and HKN Tutoring Program National HKN Outstanding Chapter Award Cornell University Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Activities and Societies: Cornell Creative Machines Labs, ECE 476 Senior Capstone Course TA - Modular and stochastic robotics research with advisor Hod Lipson (CCML)- IEEE-Cornell TA of the Year Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Adrian has 22 patents 22 Expand patents section Patents Wearable Computer with Nearby Object Response Methods and devices for rendering interactions between virtual and physical objects on a substantially transparent display Apparatus and method for display lighting adjustment Methods for Using Head-Movement Data to Control Display Content Unlocking method for a computing system Wearable computer with superimposed controls and instructions for external device Don and Doff Sensing Using Capacitive Sensors Use of optical display system as a visual indicator for a wearable computing device Measurement Method Display System Interests Oculus VR 29,970 followers Pulse 1,535,165 followers Cornell University 292,209 followers Cornell University 265,747 followers Facebook 1,533,448 followers Google 4,871,343 followers See all See all following
More Actions Marshall has a account Marshall Comisar Principal Electrical Engineer at Medtronic Medtronic University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 438 438 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Dedicated technical leader with nine years of experience in medical device system design, development, and verification. Experience working directly with marketing and physician advisers to develop marketing and system requirements for Class II and Class III medical active implantable medical devices. Experience collaborating with upper management to define strategy for developing medical device systems with limited resources. Defined subsystem requirements and hardware specifications from marketing requirements, system requirements, and international standards. Led team of engineers and technicians through design and verification phases of development. Generated and compiled regulatory submission documentation hardware design of Class II and Class III medical devices.Experienced in electrical design and evaluation of analog mixed mode ICs, switched capacitor sense amplifiers, EEPROM memory modules, RF communication protocols, RF antenna evaluation, RF link budget development, battery management circuitry, system power budget, system battery longevity modeling.Versed in MATLAB modeling, firmware development in C/C++, object oriented design, verification test automation in LABVIEW See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Electrical Engineer Company Name Medtronic Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Fridley, MN Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name QiG group (R&D Division of Greatbatch Medical) Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Plymouth, MN • Lead team of seven (four engineers and three technicians) responsible for design, development and verification of Class II implantable medical device system including external patient and clinical interface device. • Architected the system and hardware design for patient and clinician interrogator for implanted medical device• Coordinated multiple design centers to complete design and verification of system components including implantable device and external interrogator. • Responsible for development and validation of the hardware and software for multiple production test systems at various stages of assembly.• Developed system level and subsystem level hardware and software requirements• Developed RF communication link budget and completed evaluation of multiple RF antenna designs• Developed verification strategy for electrical and system integration verification and validation activities.• Created new procedures for software validation and electrical design verification based on FDA guidance and international standards• Root cause analysis and resolution of major component issues including latent failure of primary lithium battery cells• Evaluated implanted and external medical devices against international standards: EN 45502, EN 60601, FCC Part 15, RTT&E, CISPR 11, etc. Sr. Electrical Engineer Company Name Boston Scientific Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos 1. Electrical Lead for next generation pacemaker platform - Responsible for PCB and Bill of Materials - Quickly triage issues, identify root cause, and drive resolution - Lead team of 8 engineers and technicians to complete design verification - Responsible for FDA and EU submission - Interface between the hardware group and the rest of the organization (firmware, systems, regulatory, manufacturing, management, etc)2. Design of low power integrated circuits for implantable medical devices.3. Lead electrical development, system design (requirements and risk analysis), and verification testing for external medical device (class III). Developed relationship with contract manufacturer, procurement of components, and design of production test requirements and systems.4. Leading design verification testing team for ICD with on-board sensors for clinical study5. PCB design for ASIC evaluation6. Quality control for medical device components including FMEA and qualification. Electrical Engineer Company Name Guidant Dates Employed May 2005 – Apr 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr Electrical Engineer Intern Company Name EFJohnson Company Dates Employed May 2002 – Aug 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Education University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Degree Name MSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering - DSP, IC Design Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 University of Nebraska-Lincoln Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering - Communication/DSP Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Activities and Societies: J.D. Edwards Honors Program in Computer Science and Management, Pi Kappa Alpha, Student Gov., Omicron Delta Kappa Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) David Jackson Electrical Engineer at Agilent Technologies February 15, 2007, Marshall worked with David in the same group Marshall is extremely proactive and quick to learn, and he cares deeply about getting work done correctly and rapidly. While working with Marshall, I found that he was eager to learn more about analog integrated circuit design and was willing to take on any aspect of our project in order to help the group. For example, Marshall helped me on an EEPROM project by creating a model of a floating-gate (Fowler-Nordheim tunneling) cell. This required that Marshall master the structure and function of the EEPROM, which he did quickly. His curiosity about the EEPROM led to his discovery that it contained a design flaw, which he helped me to solve. Through our work together, Marshall demonstrated that he knows when to ask questions and when to do research on his own. Marshall also gets along flawlessly with other team members. In short, Marshall is one of the first people that I would consider working with on any future project regardless of his experience with the specific subject matter. John Hatlestad Principal Research Scientist at Boston Scientific April 23, 2007, John managed Marshall directly Marshall worked on my summer internship project to design and build a prototype of a small, self-contained, body-worn sensor/data acquisition system for monitoring the posture & activity of patients in clinical studies. Marshall did a great job on this project, delivering a functional prototype in the 3 short months of his internship. Marshall is highly motivated, enthusiastic, and self-directed. He is very quick to identify the appropriate technologies, components, and software. For this project, he constructed an embedded systems development environment to build and test the hardware and software required for the project. Marshall proactively seeks information from multiple sources including networking with colleagues and talking with component vendors to ensure the best possible design. Ath the end of the project, Marshall presented his work to senior management with clarity, poise and confidence. Marshall is a talented engineer, and it was a pleasure working with Marshall on this summer intern project! Tom Wyatt Lead Test Engineer at Digi International May 23, 2014, Marshall managed Tom directly I’ve had the privilege of working with Tom for the past two years and as his manager for the last year at Greatbatch Medical (QiG Group). As the lead electrical technician on a complex, active implantable medical device project, Tom has shown himself to be extremely capable across a broad range of disciplines. QiG Group is a lean and agile R&D division of Greatbatch, Inc. As such, Tom has been required to own a multitude of tasks, some of which were outside of his area of expertise. Regardless of previous experience, Tom has always enthusiastically taken on new tasks and educated himself as needed. Not only did Tom’s duties consist of typical electrical technician work such as building and modifying PCBs, performing bench tests on product, and maintaining lab equipment, but he stepped up to own RF characterizations, implantable medical device evaluations and verifications, and multiple fixture designs including complex production test system fixtures. Tom is a great team member. He works well with everybody and is extremely resourceful. He builds connections with people and departments across the company and across industry which enables him to effectively complete designs and tasks even on a resource constrained team. Accomplishments Marshall has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Ingenio Interests Medtronic 410,874 followers University of Minnesota-Twin Cities 287,387 followers Nevro 9,062 followers EndoStim 948 followers Medical Device Networkers 133,559 members University of Minnesota-Twin Cities 283,296 followers See all See all following
More Actions Adriana has a account Adriana Maggiore Hardware Engineer at Google Google Università di Pisa San Francisco Bay Area 351 351 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Principal Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Senior Staff Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location San Jose, CA Principal Design Verification Engineer Company Name Ubicom Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Principal Application Engineer Company Name OneSpin Solutions Gmbh Dates Employed May 2005 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos See more positions Education Università di Pisa Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Electronics, Telecommunications and Computer Systems Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Università di Pisa Degree Name Laurea (Master) Field Of Study Computer Systems Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Verilog See 22 endorsements for Verilog 22 Verilog Endorsed by Nigel Clark and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Adriana’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills EDA See 19 endorsements for EDA 19 EDA Endorsed by 2 of Adriana’s colleagues at Ubicom Endorsed by 7 people who know EDA Click and drag to reorder skills SystemVerilog See 16 endorsements for SystemVerilog 16 SystemVerilog Endorsed by 2 of Adriana’s colleagues at Ubicom Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Klaus Winkelmann System Professional bei Berner & Mattner Systemtechnik GmbH November 29, 2010, Adriana reported directly to Klaus Klaus was my manager for 4 years and later a valuable colleague. As a manager, Klaus gave me space to express and grow my expertise, while providing guidance when I needed it, particularly in tackling formal verification technical issues. Klaus has a deep understanding of formal verification and the ability of transferring complex technical knowledge in clear and simple terms. After Klaus moved to marketing, I relied on his collaboration for my field role as an application engineer. I always knew I could depend on Klaus for any unforeseen scenario I could encounter, would it be needing extra support material or mediating with the r&d team. I always enjoyed working with Klaus. Sergio Marchese Director at AVAIA Technologies August 21, 2007, Sergio worked with Adriana in the same group Sergio combines high technical competence with excellent communication and presentation skills; his ability for transferring technical knowledge has been key in trade shows, sales calls and training.He is very creative and he has demonstrated his creativity by contributing to OneSpin's marketing activities. He is hard-working and customer oriented; he has many times shown his commitment to solve customer problems and to deliver the highest quality solution. He is a reliable co-worker; he contributes to shared tasks with ownership and a commitment to delivering the best result. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Adriana has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Italian Interests Università di Pisa 71,052 followers RTL Verification Professionals 6,524 members Experts in Assertion-Based Verification 538 members Think Verification 3,280 members Qualcomm 284,148 followers Qualcomm: Alumni 5,146 members See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Husted Hardware Engineer at Google Google University of California, Berkeley San Francisco Bay Area 454 454 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Mountain View, CA Principal Engineer / Manager Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed May 2011 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location San Jose, CA Project Engineer / Technical Lead for the QCA6174, a 2x2 802.11ac + Bluetooth 4.1 mobile connectivity chip. This project was the first integrated project post-acquisition, with teams and IP from both parties spread across 6+ sites in 4 countries Line Manager in the mobile systems architecture group, with team contributions to WiFi, Bluetooth, FM, and coexistence IP Manager, Algorithms & Architecture Company Name Atheros Communications Dates Employed Nov 1999 – May 2011 Employment Duration 11 yrs 7 mos Developed system / architecture design for the 802.11a/b/g/n modem, with a focus on AGC and calibrations. Led the Bluetooth systems/algorithms engineering team, and then the mobile WLAN systems team as well. Was technical lead for the AR6004, a 2x2 802.11n device.Atheros grew from ~24 to ~2500 people during this time, eventually shipping 100M+ chipsets and culminating in a $3.1B acquisition by Qualcomm in 2011. Co-op Engineer Company Name MITRE Dates Employed Jan 1997 – May 1998 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Bedford,MA Designed a portable, generic, real-time, data-parallel embedded signal processing program on a COTS multiprocessor DSP PCI board Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Boston University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Activities and Societies: Tau Beta Pi, Resident Assistant Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 30 endorsements for Embedded Systems 30 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Hamid Movahedi and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Paul’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Signal Processors See 26 endorsements for Digital Signal Processors 26 Digital Signal Processors Endorsed by 18 of Paul’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 15 endorsements for Algorithms 15 Algorithms Endorsed by 8 of Paul’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Paul has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Co-Inventor of ~83 issued US Patents Interests Qualcomm 284,148 followers 802.11 Wireless professionals 13,955 members University of California, Berkeley 521,267 followers Boston University 279,188 followers Qualcomm Alumni Network 1,809 members Atheros Communications 4,139 followers See all See all following
More Actions Linxia has a account Linxia Liu Senior hardware engineer at ZTE ZTE Huazhong University of Science and Technology Shanghai City, China 4 4 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent 7 years+ experience in the design, debug and verification of communication h/w systemIn-depth knowledge of digital and analog electrical designIn-depth knowledge of clock synchronization, PLL, OCXO, DAC, etcFamiliar with SoC of PowerPC, DDR2/DDR3, RS232, I2C, SPI, etcStrong lab skills and experience with oscilloscope, logic analyzer, SDH analyzer, networkingmonitor (Smartbits, IXIA), etc Familiar with HPPD/CMM hardware development processKnowledge for PCB and signal integrity/power integrity See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior hardware engineer Company Name ZTE Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 8 mos Designed and developed GSM micro base station (BTS) hardwareo Designed micro BTS clock system and baseband circuit, including critical componentsselection and clock topology designo Designed schematic for MPC8360 minimum system (MPC8360, DDR2, FLASH),E1/Ethernet interface, clock circuito Co-worked with EDA engineer for PCB design, mainly focused on stack up and criticalcomponent placement and layouto Debugged the s/w and h/w PLL and supported E1, GPS and 1588 clocko Measured system clock’s performance with oscilloscope/frequency meter/rubidium clocko Finished environment testing and EMC testing for surge, EDS, CE/RE, etcDeveloped and maintained GSM macro BTS hardwareo Finished the schematic design of clock and control board, supported PCB designo Debugged and verified various functionality for CPU minimum system (MPC8321, DDR2),switch unit, CPLD/FPGA, E1 interface, clock, etco Tested the signal for power on/off cycle, ripple, signal integrity, timing sequenceo Closely worked with manufacture line for final production for ICT testing, FT testing andsystem integration debuggingo Troubleshooted and analyzed E1 and clock alarm issuesParticipated in development and test of baseband boardo Participated in the schematic design (P1010, DDR3)o Finished the hardware unit testing for power management, DDR3 and DSP etcDeveloped OCXO filtration systemo Finished the schematic for the filtration with OCXO’s stability, pulling range and linearityo Utilized this system in manufacture line to improve production quality and efficient Hardware engineer Company Name Huawei Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Developed central control boardo Designed schematics for central control subsystem using MPC852T, implementedfunctionality for monitoring nodes (RS232, RS485) and online reporting status withEthernet.o Wrote and debugged CPLD codeo Ported and debugged BSP for CPU boot up flow and drivers for serial port, parallel port,I2C, SPI, etc Education Huazhong University of Science and Technology Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Control Science and Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 China University of Geosciences Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Measurement and Control Technology and Instrument Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,167 followers Huazhong University of Science and Technology 60,201 followers China University of Geosciences 12,980 followers 华中科技大学 57,359 followers China University of Geosciences 12,147 followers ZTE Corporation 154,647 followers
More Actions Tim has a account Tim Tait Principal H/W Engineer at SimpliVity Corporation SimpliVity Corporation Northeastern University Greater Boston Area 384 384 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Over 20 years experience in Hardware Design and Software Development.Proven ability to deliver quality end result to customers in a timely manner.Experience with Digital and Analog design.Specialties: Hardware Architecture and DesignFPGA Design (Verilog, VHDL, Altera, Xilinx, Lattice)H/W & S/W integration and debugHigh-Speed Interfaces (GigE, XAUI)Signal Integrity analysis (Hyperlynx, XTK)"C" programming for real-time systems See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal H/W Engineer Company Name SimpliVity Corporation Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Boston Area Achieving industrious results while obfuscating externally. FPGA Development Engineer Company Name BAE Systems Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos FPGA based Image processing systems development. Algorithm implementation in Verilog from MATLAB models. Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Performance Motion Devices Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 6 mos Worked on advanced Motion Control products, including architecture, FPGA and board development. Responsible for all phases of hardware delivery.• Hardware Design completion, proto build management, hardware/software integration, DVT, and delivery of motion control boards to manufacturing.• FPGA enhancements and timing closure.• Research and Investigation into next-generation fieldbus solution EtherCat• Next generation system hardware design and architecture, including Microprocessor/FPGA selection tradeoffs, costing. Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name A2e Technologies Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Electronics design services company. Worked on a variety of systems and technologies. Assisted with quoting of new contracts. Interfaced with customers to derive requirements.• Design, Architecture, Verilog coding, and verification of a 8-port dual-dynamic priority round-robin memory arbiter, DMA engines, and ZBT SSRAM controller in Xilinx Virtex 4. • Detailed design and Verilog coding, and verification and test of FPGA controller for a 6 channel DVR using an Altera CycloneIII. Tasks accomplished include X-Scale expansion bus slave & master, DDR300 memory core interface, 16-port dual-dynamic priority parallel round-robin memory arbiter, BitBLT DMA engine, MPEG4 Encoder interface, MPEG4 to IXP DMA engine, BT.656 Video decoder interface, SD Video Framebuffer & BT.656 Video Encoder, OSD, Frame Grab, NTSC Encoder interface, and Audio Codec interface.• Bring-up and DVT of several systems, including DSP Industrial control boards, 6 Channel DVR. Principal Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Siemens Network Convergence Dates Employed Aug 1999 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 7 yrs 11 mos Company formerly known as Unisphere Networks. Designed and Developed Telecom Carrier Media Gateway solutions including ATCA Based Hub Module/RTM and a stand-alone platform. Responsibilities included participating in the system architecture specification, hardware architecture specification, preliminary and detailed module design, component selection, FPGA design and synthesis, schematic entry, high-speed layout constraints, component placement guidelines, layout review, and hardware design documentation, hardware bring up, DVT, and software support. See more positions Education Northeastern University Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1989 Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 54 endorsements for FPGA 54 FPGA Neil Swinton and 53 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 39 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 39 Hardware Architecture Endorsed by 10 of Tim’s colleagues at HPE SimpliVity Endorsed by 6 people who know Hardware Architecture Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 28 endorsements for Verilog 28 Verilog Endorsed by 7 of Tim’s colleagues at HPE SimpliVity Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (4) Norm Schwartz RETIRED Senior Engineering Management, Program Management, Process Development August 7, 2007, Norm managed Tim directly Tim has outstanding design, debug and development skills and is a highly experienced board and FPGA designer. He is a great engineer and would be an asset to any design team. Prabhakar Gowrisankaran General Manager, Viridis3D May 9, 2007, Prabhakar managed Tim directly Tim is a great board and fpga designer. He is very detail oriented View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Vijayan Nambiar Network Embedded Systems Architect at Verizon Labs March 14, 2016, Vijayan worked with Tim in the same group Vijayan is a very talented software architect and an asset to any team. He is highly organized and an extremely effective communicator, who is able to tackle large problems and generate solutions without requiring external direction. We worked closely on a complex PCIe card design where he lead the embedded software team as well as managed the host driver development. Within 24 hours of our custom board hitting his bench he had our application running under Linux. In no small part due to his efforts we were able to release to the card production only 9 months after the start of the project. He was always willing to help when and where needed, even if it meant being on a customer escalation at all hours of the night. Norm Schwartz RETIRED Senior Engineering Management, Program Management, Process Development August 7, 2007, Tim reported directly to Norm Norm was outstanding as a Hardware Engineering Director. His ability to communicate both up and down in the organization kept programs on track and successful. His broad technical understanding allowed for highly effective product direction. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Tim has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Portuguese Tim has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Link layered communications network and method Interests Northeastern University 222,464 followers OpenStack 64,338 members FPGA - Field Programmable Gate Array 33,126 members FPGA / CPLD Design 26,142 members ASIC, FPGA, SoC Engineers 49,460 members Northeastern University Alumni 27,313 members See all See all following
More Actions David has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium David Bryan Sr. Manager, Hardware Development at Amazon Web Services Amazon Web Services University of Washington, Michael G. Foster School of Business Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent David leads Hardware Engineering teams at Amazon Web ServicesDavid was a co-founder of Silicon Mechanics. A provider of enterprise server, storage and high performance computing products. Silicon Mechanics achieved the following recognition:- 2008 Entrepreneur, Hot 100: #29- 2008 Inc. 5000, Fastest Growing Private Companies, #1220- 2008 Puget Sound Business Journal, 100 Fastest Growing Companies, #27Specialties: Technology strategy and leadership. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Manager, Hardware Development Company Name Amazon Web Services Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Seattle Area The AWS Hardware Engineering team creates server designs for Amazon’s innovative web services. Our designs are industry-leading in frugality and operational excellence, and are critical to the success of the AWS business and the more than one million customers who use AWS today. Our Hardware Engineers solve challenging technology problems, and build architecturally sound, high-quality servers and components to enable AWS to realize critical business strategies.I lead engineering teams that identify opportunities for HW customizations, propose new product concepts, architect and develop next-generation components and server platforms. Managing Member Company Name CP5 LLC Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 8 yrs 10 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Limited Liability Company for commercial property investment. Manager, HW Engineering Company Name Amazon Web Services Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Greater Seattle Area The AWS Hardware Engineering team creates server designs for Amazon’s innovative web services. Our designs are industry-leading in frugality and operational excellence, and are critical to the success of the AWS business and the more than one million customers who use AWS today. I led engineering teams that proposed new product concepts, architected, and developed next-generation AWS server platforms. Sr. Product Manager, Hardware & OS Engineering Company Name Amazon Web Services Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Greater Seattle Area The Hardware and OS Engineering teams were responsible for the development, deployment and support of Amazon Web Services server platforms, Linux server operating systems, hypervisor environments and the Amazon Linux AMI product. President Company Name Silicon Mechanics Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 8 mos Interim leadership through organizational restructuring, capitalization improvements and shareholder risk reduction. See more positions Education University of Washington, Michael G. Foster School of Business Degree Name Executive MBA Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship - Business Plan Competition Volunteer The Executive MBA program is a graduate business program emphasizing leadership and strategy. It is designed for accomplished senior managers, executives, entrepreneurs and business leaders who want to work fulltime while earning a graduate degree in two years. University of Washington Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Computer and electronics specialization. Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Management See 55 endorsements for Product Management 55 Product Management Endorsed by Clay Robinson and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of David’s colleagues at Amazon Web Services Click and drag to reorder skills Cloud Computing See 40 endorsements for Cloud Computing 40 Cloud Computing Endorsed by Mike Marr and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of David’s colleagues at Amazon Web Services Click and drag to reorder skills Storage See 37 endorsements for Storage 37 Storage Endorsed by 4 of David’s colleagues at Amazon Web Services Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (7) Dan Welygan Business Program Manager at Microsoft February 2, 2009, Dan reported directly to David Dave excels at exploring questions and problems from both a macro & micro perspective, and this provides valuable guidance during analysis and discussion of products and the market - we were always able to discuss things deeply yet keep the discussion on track and in the context of what was required in the meeting.He provided a work environment that provided direction yet still allowed for opportunities for self-learning and development. Dave is very adaptable and excels at whatever role he takes on, be it financial analyst, marketing guru, HR manager, production consultant, or director of engineering. He's always able to talk and act effectively and authoritatively in whatever he does, and could always make time to help.It was a pleasure to work with Dave, and he's someone I'd want on my project teams anytime, as either a manager or a project resource. Kirtan Shah Technical Program Manager at Dell December 8, 2008, Kirtan reported directly to David It is a pleasure to work with a leader who is smart, well informed, meticulous and is ready to share his knowledge and guide me. Dave gave enough freedom and guidance to make me realize my true potential. He is a no nonsense leader and someone who is always in the trenches with the rest of the company. It was an inspiration to see the President of the company to be working on a custom water cooled workstation at 8:30pm on a weekday when everyone is the company has left for the day. One of the best experiences in my professional career. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Todd Genovese Retail / Cloud Computing / Technology Sr. Executive November 21, 2011, David worked with Todd in different groups Todd Genovese is a dynamic, articulate and impactful sourcing professional and strategist. I have worked with Todd as a cross-functional team member sourcing IT infrastructure at Amazon Web Services. He excels at understanding the broader environment and forces at work in the markets where he participates. His comprehension and dissection of complicated contractual issues is truly impressive, and I have watched him as he continues building a world-class IT sourcing team at Amazon. Dan Welygan Business Program Manager at Microsoft February 2, 2009, David managed Dan directly Dan is the archetype of the modern product manager. He successfully blended product marketing, engineering, business development, supply management, sales, and project management to accomplish many organizational goals. He demonstrated analysis and collaboration skills on numerous occasions to accomplish loosely-structured, cross-functional projects. Dan's skills and positive attitude are an asset to any professional team. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments David has 11 patents 11 Expand patents section Patents Datacenter Event Handling Limiting the Effects of Faults in a Datacenter Computer System with Side Plenum Cooling Layered Datacenter Modular Mass Storage System with Controller Switchable Backup Battery for Layered Datacenter Components Modular Mass Storage System with Staggered Backplanes Multi-Shelf Power-Pooling Bus Power Bus Aggregated from Shelf-Level Bus Elements Energy Storage for Memory Protection During Power Event David has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations IEEEComputer Society Association for Computing Machinery Interests University of Washington - Michael G. Foster School of Business 27,662 followers Pulse 1,535,167 followers University of Washington 379,009 followers High Performance & Super Computing 24,852 members Cloud Computing 463,100 members University of Washington 357,807 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jim has a account Jim Meredith Principal Hardware Engineer at BAE Systems BAE Systems University of Massachusetts Lowell Greater Boston Area 244 244 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Senior technical lead/ASIC/FPGA designer/hardware systems architect with extensive experience in ASIC/FPGA development, Computer Networking and Computer Architecture. Expertise in all levels of hardware development from concept to production. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name BAE Systems Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs ASIC Design Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Avaya (acquired Nortel Data Networks Division) Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos FPGA/ASIC Design Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Nortel Networks Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos FPGA/ASIC Design Senior Member of Technical Staff Company Name Vitesse Semiconductor Corp. Dates Employed Nov 2001 – Mar 2003 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos ASIC Design/Team Lead Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Nortel Networks Dates Employed Nov 1998 – Nov 2001 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo ASIC/FPGA Design See more positions Education University of Massachusetts Lowell Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Activities and Societies: Et Kappa Nu, I.E.E.E. Featured Skills & Endorsements ASIC See 20 endorsements for ASIC 20 ASIC Geoff Ladwig and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 13 endorsements for Embedded Systems 13 Embedded Systems Majid Mahmood and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Ethernet See 10 endorsements for Ethernet 10 Ethernet Geoff Ladwig and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Aung Thu Htet ASIC Engineer December 8, 2014, Jim managed Aung Thu directly Aung is a very hard working, smart, respectful, and eager engineer.He is a fast learner with a great attitude, highly motivated, and an excellent communicator, both written and verbal. He has been a pleasure to work with and a key member of our DV team for the past 10 months. Beth Arnald Manufacturing Technician at Cambridge Sound Management October 10, 2013, Beth worked with Jim in the same group I worked with Beth at Bay Networks, Nortel, and Avaya. She is a very dedicated, hard working, thoughtful, and caring person. She is always quick to respond to requests and works hard to get things done on time. She is always thinking of other people and passionate about her work. Truely a pleasure to work with. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Jim has 3 patents 3 Expand patents section Patents System and method to implement a packet switch buffer for unicast and multicast data System and method to implement a packet switch output buffer Network link access scheduling using a plurality of prioritized lists containing queue identifiers Interests Pulse 1,535,167 followers BAE Systems 253,768 followers University of Massachusetts Lowell 76,685 followers Software Engineering 5,089,625 followers University of Massachusetts Lowell 74,305 followers WIRED 1,052,191 followers
More Actions Alex has a account Alex Gofman Senior hardware engineer at Samsung Semiconductor GuardLyff Vilnius technical university Israel 175 175 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Hardware board designerSpecialties: Electronics Highlights Experience Senior HW engineer Company Name GuardLyff Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Israel Hardware digital board designer & application engineer Company Name Samsung Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 8 mos Location Israel Hardware board designer & application engineer. Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name 2004-2008 MTeye Security Ltd Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Charge of developing Optronic Fence system is constructed from up to 200 self sustained wireless Sensors. The communication between all Optronic Fence elements based on the IEEE 802.11g Wireless LAN protocol operating in the 2.4GHz band. Each sensor is based on new technology and implemented DSP TMS320C6424,infrared detector, Universal Medium Range Radar, Micron VGA CMOS Digital ImageSensor and Epson MPEG Mobile Graphics Engine. Was in charge of developing wireless low power consumption and small case systems based on DragonBall family MC9328MX21 (i.MX21) Multimedia processor ,Micron's System-On-A-Chip CMOS Digital Image SensorMT9D131, Mobilygen MG1264 single-chip H.264 VGA codec and Windows CE. Responsible of hardware conception, developing and debugging. Hardware Engineer Company Name MTI Wireless Edge Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Jan 2004 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Designed and developed digital hardware for wireless modems based on CDMA, which execute in a real time embedded DSP,FPGA,H8S (VHDL language) .Responsible for project integrating, specification and design of a hardware packages.Experienced in embedded systems development: Digital and mixed signal design. Experience with advanced high-speed logic design and techniques.Experienced FPGA/PLD(Foundation , ModelSim) design and debug essential.Experienced with CAD tools (ORCAD), design simulation techniques, timing design, signal integrity issues, design for test issues, PCB design issues, and Electro-magnetic compliance issues. Participate in the design, evaluation, debugging, and validation of major subsystems. Prepare specifications, schematics, design documentation, layouts, and validation reports.Support many projects of "Ministry of Defense". Hardware Engineer Company Name Visonic,LTD Dates Employed Jan 1996 – Jan 2000 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Developed hardware and software algorithms for security systems, including protocols for wireless communication based on Spread Spectrum(frequency hopping ) . Developed universal tester devices based on microprocessors (Microchip). Using C and Assembler on "CCS" and "Mplab" platforms. Education Vilnius technical university Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Electronics engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1996 Certificate, Course VHDL,Verilog "High Speed PCB Signal Integrity" ,"+2.5 Gigabit interface" ,Python. Media (1) This position has 1 media VGTU VGTU This media is an image First High school Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 18 endorsements for Embedded Systems 18 Embedded Systems Moshe Alboher and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills FPGA See 17 endorsements for FPGA 17 FPGA Jacob Aharoni and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Signal Processors See 15 endorsements for Digital Signal Processors 15 Digital Signal Processors Michael Feigin and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (6) Leonid Ahss RT Software Engineer at PIMA Electronic Systems, LTD. December 28, 2009, Alex worked with Leonid in the same group I was working with Alex as SW engineer .As HW engineer Alex actually took part in development of the all the MTeye projects, Alex has a very important ability to support SW development on various stages: design, debugging and maintenance. In various cases Alex worked as system engineer. Michael Levin FW Engineer at PIMA Electronic Systems, LTD. August 17, 2008, Alex worked with Michael in the same group Alex and Me bring up from scratch modem boards, these devices where unique and had many challenges.Alex bring with him a lot of dedication and excitement.I enjoy to work with him. Avi Klau Founder Lecturer & Course Coordinator Therapeutic Martial Arts At Wingate College May 12, 2014, Alex was a client of Avi’s Avi was my first karate teacher. With him support I started training after long pause. By Avi's supervision I successfully achieved first level in the martial arts.Unfortunately under these circumstances our roads diverged and I switched to Taekwondo. I've recently successfully passed the exam on the black belt 1st dan and in this Avi's great achievement. I highly recommend Avi as highly professional trainer. Moshe Alboher Hardware Manager at Tonson-Labs November 27, 2011, Moshe worked with Alex in the same group We worked together for almost 9 years, and for at least 4 years Moshe was leading the hardware division. During that time, Moshe was involved in all of the projects developed by MTeye. Lots of them are been mass manufactured. I admire Moshe's professional and personal skills and I would highly recommend him. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Alex has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course +2.5GHz Designing High Speed Digital Alex has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language hebrew Interests Pulse 1,535,167 followers high speed board design and development 11,663 members
More Actions Armida has a account Armida Tigranyan Hardware Engineer at Cisco Cisco Russian - Armenian (Slavonic) University Armenia 115 115 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Armida’s Activity 115 followers Вылетаю в #Пермь. Завтра провожу #Дожимклиента )) Старт в 10.00) Armida liked See all activity Experience Intern Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Armenia intern Company Name Synopsys Inc Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Armenia Education Russian - Armenian (Slavonic) University Field Of Study Design and technology of electronic means Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2017 Featured Skills & Endorsements Verilog See 3 endorsements for Verilog 3 Verilog chahal kulwinder singh and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CMOS See 3 endorsements for CMOS 3 CMOS chahal kulwinder singh and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Semiconductors See 3 endorsements for Semiconductors 3 Semiconductors chahal kulwinder singh and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Armida has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Armenian English Russian Interests Pulse 1,535,168 followers Texas Instruments 231,511 followers BBC News 2,270,788 followers Russian - Armenian University 1,211 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,597,769 followers Google 4,871,346 followers See all See all following
More Actions Roy Allan has a account Roy Allan Calibuso Embedded Hardware Engineer OEM Technology Solutions Mapua Institute of Technology Artarmon, New South Wales, Australia 122 122 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent 12 years of solid experience in the design and development of electronics products used in industrial, medical and automotive applications in multinational-multicultural Research & Development teams. Record of progressive advancement in technical position reflecting analytical, technical and design engineering expertise combined with achievements in product yield, quality improvement and project management.Highlights:• Project Management• Embedded hardware design, development, test and qualification• Automotive electronics and switchmode power electronics design experience• Quality and Functional Safety compliance management• Teamplayer in cross-cultural and multidisciplinary team set-up• Circuit Analysis, Failure analysis and Simulation• Strong communication skills• Technical documentation• Experiences working with different R&D locations worldwide• Strong knowledge in EMC for debug and compliance• Technical support on manufacturing topics See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Embedded Hardware Engineer Company Name OEM Technology Solutions Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Sydney, Australia Design and development of railway and train electronics control module. Senior Electronics Design Engineer Company Name Continental Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location Manila (2009-2011)/Singapore (2011-2017)  Automotive body electronics control unit design, development, test and qualification. Performs design analysis, debugging and engineering development activities for product development.  Modification, verification and optimization of module control unit, test specifications, test conditions and test parameters.  Performs worst case calculations on power dissipations, driver thresholds, electrical stress, thermal performance and failure analysis to ensure robust product design.  Circuit simulation and analysis using Pspice. EMC testplan generation. EMC/ EMI/ ESD troubleshooting, testing and compliance. Generates electrical test plan for DV and PV stages. Schematic capture and design using Zuken.  Performs hands on laboratory parametric, thermal and electrical testings. Provides product sample build support during build stages and in close coordination with the plant and supply logistics to facilitate smooth flow of build.  Responsible for the creation of Bill of Material (BOM) list and maintenance and upload through SAP.  Component selection and multisourcing of alternative parts. Generates and maintains engineering design documents, Hardware-Software Interface documents and product test specifications. Works with the internal cross-functional R&D group involving Project management, Software and Test, Requirements, Mechanical, PCB layout, Purchasing and Quality groups during the development to meet customer product requirements.  Meeting with overseas counterparts to discuss project status, requirements fulfillment and changes. Close coordination and communication with external vendors, suppliers and other sales and engineering groups to sustain continuos product development. Performs technical review with the customers and autmotive OEM to make sure all design requirements are fulfilled and all design requirement changes are captured for implementation. Electronics Design Engineer Company Name Emerson Network Power Dates Employed Aug 2004 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location Philippines  Responsible for the design and development of Power System products. Design and evaluate electrical circuits (PFC, DC-DC converters, Magnetics, Control Logic and Protections) for power supplies to meet customer specifications. Participated in four high priority design projects with Major customers for various industry applications (medical, telecom, automotive and large-scale computing. Plan and execute products specific design activities (testing, PCB, EMC measurement, factory support, prototyping, design calculation, simulation, troubleshooting, failure analysis, etc). Implement design strategies such as dFE (Design for Environment), dFM (Design for Manufacturability), dFMEA (Design Failure Mode and Effect Analysis) and Worst Case Analysis. Prepares and generates engineering documents (BOM, ECO, ECN, costings, Internal Product Specs) needed for the design flow. Performs hands on laboratory qualifications and testings like parametric, thermals, electrical stress measurements and electrical evaluations. Conducts evaluation of electrical parts and components used in the design. Reviews electrical specs of possible alternate parts for cost reduction and production sustainability. Conduct tests and create solutions to meet international and regional standards for Safety, EMI, ESD, and Surge Immunity. Works with the support groups: Quality Assurance Engineering team, Safety Engineering team, Advance Manufacturing team, Automated Test team, Layout team, Mechanical team, Software team, Material engineering team.. Interface and coordinate with the customers & suppliers for design-related problems encountered on the design and customers end systems. Monitors design improvements/ developments from prototype stage to mass production stage. Render factory support during production. Education Mapua Institute of Technology Field Of Study BS Electronics and Communications Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analog Circuit Design See 1 endorsement for Analog Circuit Design 1 Analog Circuit Design Rachelle Ann Fajardo has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Product Design See 1 endorsement for Product Design 1 Product Design Rachelle Ann Fajardo has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Schematic Capture See 1 endorsement for Schematic Capture 1 Schematic Capture Rachelle Ann Fajardo has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Australian Recruiting Group 4,765 followers Manta Test Systems Inc. 223 followers Magna International 144,161 followers CAE Australia 213 followers DENSO 55,402 followers Valeo 312,644 followers See all See all following
More Actions Armida has a account Armida Tigranyan Hardware Engineer at Cisco Cisco Russian - Armenian (Slavonic) University Armenia 115 115 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Armida’s Activity 115 followers Вылетаю в #Пермь. Завтра провожу #Дожимклиента )) Старт в 10.00) Armida liked See all activity Experience Intern Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Armenia intern Company Name Synopsys Inc Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Armenia Education Russian - Armenian (Slavonic) University Field Of Study Design and technology of electronic means Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2017 Featured Skills & Endorsements Verilog See 3 endorsements for Verilog 3 Verilog chahal kulwinder singh and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CMOS See 3 endorsements for CMOS 3 CMOS chahal kulwinder singh and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Semiconductors See 3 endorsements for Semiconductors 3 Semiconductors chahal kulwinder singh and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Armida has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Armenian English Russian Interests Pulse 1,535,168 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,597,780 followers IBM 3,427,481 followers Cisco 1,440,174 followers Synopsys Inc 100,733 followers Russian - Armenian University 1,211 followers See all See all following
More Actions Craig has a account Craig Evensen Chief Hardware Engineer at Esterline Palomar Products Esterline Palomar Products University of California, Santa Barbara Orange County, California Area 88 88 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Chief Hardware Engineer Company Name Esterline Palomar Products Dates Employed Oct 2002 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 8 mos Location Rancho Santa Margarita, CA Chief hardware engineer for digital intercomm systems. Lead Hardware Engineer Company Name ADC/Pairgain Dates Employed 2000 – 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Tustin, CA Lead Hardware engineer in development of new G.SHDSL product for international product line. Receipient of two patents during this time. Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Endevco Dates Employed 1997 – 2000 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location San Juan Capistrano Developed commercial and airborne electronics for use with accelerometers and pressure transducers. This included electronics for use in jet engine Engine Vibration Monitoring (EVM), air pressure sensing for flight test and electronics for automotive crash testing. Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name MASC (Panasonic) Dates Employed Mar 1995 – 1997 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Irvine, CA Key engineer in fielding the (then) revolutionary aircraft wide IFE system with VOD, telephone, and gaming. Member of Technical Staff Company Name Hughes Aircraft Company Dates Employed Jun 1985 – Mar 1995 Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos Location Southern California Corporate Superior Performance receipient in 1993 for design and deployment of voice communication air defense system. Education University of California, Santa Barbara Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics See 22 endorsements for Electronics 22 Electronics Kevin Wilson and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware See 15 endorsements for Hardware 15 Hardware Cristela Corsino Pettinato, MBA and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Engineering See 14 endorsements for Engineering 14 Engineering Cristela Corsino Pettinato, MBA and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Sang Bui Test automation professional August 28, 2013, Sang worked with Craig in different groups Craig is our Chief Hardware Engineer. He is an expert in hardware design, specialized in secured applications which need to go through stringent EMI and Tempest tests. He is a conscientious, hardworking, and effective engineer. He has been my source of engineering information when Google, Wiki, and internal documentation failed, or when I had no idea where to look. I am a much better engineer thanks to his guidance. Sang Bui Test automation professional August 9, 2013, Craig worked with Sang in different groups Sang is a solid test engineer with emphasis on LabView automation for production test. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,168 followers University of California, Santa Barbara 169,136 followers Esterline 5,199 followers University of California, Santa Barbara 177,793 followers
More Actions Saket has a account Saket Vora Hardware @ Pearl. Founding team member. Pearl Automation Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Hardware systems integration engineer and founding team member at Pearl Automation. Responsible for much of the hardware architecture, chip selection, product definition & architecture, and factory bringup & test development. Previously worked on iPods, iPhones, and Apple Watch (in the same role) from concept to end-of-life and everything in between. The role includes product architecture, schematic capture, prototyping, validation, factory bring-up and build support at China-based CMs, ramp, post-ramp quals, and end of life support. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Saket’s Activity 1,122 followers Meet Mark Granger, GF’s New VP of Automotive Product Line Management Saket liked Dear Class of 2017… Saket liked See all activity Experience Hardware. Founding team member. Company Name Pearl Automation Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Scotts Valley, CA Hardware team at Pearl, focusing on hardware architecture, schematic and board design, factory test and development bringup in Southern China, validation, and interfacing with firmware and software teams. I left Apple in 2014 to join Pearl as a founding team member. If you're interested in joining the Pearl team, please send an email to jobs@pearlauto.com. Hardware Engineering Manager Company Name Apple Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Cupertino, CA Engineering manager in the hardware team for Apple Watch. Helped lead and guide product execution through early product phases: product architecture definition, prototyping, initial development builds, design & validation process improvements. Very fortunate to work with phenomenal colleagues and outstanding management on a new, challenging product. iPhone Hardware Systems Engineer Company Name Apple Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Cupertino, CA Hardware system integrator for iPhone5S. Responsibilities included ownership of main logic board (AP section), validation, factory build support, process improvement, and critical debugging of ship block issues. And had the pleasure of working with a pretty awesome group of people. iPod Hardware Company Name Apple Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos I'm on the team that does all the electronics that go inside iPods. Consultant Company Name RTI International Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 4 mos West coast consultant part-time for the Office of Commercialization at RTI International. See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Activities and Societies: BASES Focus in cleantech, renewable energy, strategy and finance, analog/RF circuits, and neuroengineering. North Carolina State University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Engineering Entrepreneurs Program, Park Scholarships, Krispy Kreme Challenge, Science Olympiad EE studies focused on analog circuits and communications. Studied one semester at Lund University in Sweden. Awarded the Park Scholarship, a merit-based full four-year scholarship. Lund University Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (3) Given (4) Louis Lebbos Founding Partner at AstroLabs August 18, 2007, Louis was senior to Saket but didn’t manage directly Saket was part of our project team in the Engineering Entrepreneurs Program. During the project he demonstrated an impressive command of technical concepts and business strategies. His contribution to our project was a key element of our success. Greg Mulholland Founder at Citrine Informatics May 28, 2007, Saket worked with Greg in the same group Saket and I took most of our classes together at NC State. Everyone who meets him is impressed with his intelligence. That is not what Saket is. For as intelligent as he is, it is his attitude that makes him an invaluable asset to any team. Saket brings both a realist view and the willingness to work hard toward a goal. His ultimate goal is to make sure things are done correctly and with great quality. If I could choose any person with whom I have ever worked to be on my team, Saket would be my clear first choice. I consider it an honor to have worked alongside him, and I cannot give a high enough recommendation to his friendliness, drive, intelligence, and attitude. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Greg Mulholland Founder at Citrine Informatics August 6, 2009, Saket and Greg were students together I consider Greg to be one of my closest friends -- we took over a dozen classes together, led our year long senior design project together, served as co-race directors for what has become the most famous benefit race in North Carolina (which Greg founded), and numerous other projects. Greg has an inspiring commitment to excellence -- he brings a sense of utmost determination and dedication to anything he does. He has depth and breadth; he can pivot from business development strategy to crystal properties of semiconductor materials seamlessly. What never ceases to amaze me about Greg is how comfortable and in command he is in any situation -- whether it's in a research lab wearing a clean suit, in an executive board room wearing a suit, or flying across the water while rowing in a shell. It's the trifecta, and Greg does it better than anyone else I know. I can't wait to work with him again. Silvia Loica-Mersa Resident Physician at Stanford Hospital & Clinics August 6, 2009, Saket reported directly to Silvia I worked closely with Silvia on the 2008-2009 Stanford Social E-Challenge and I lost track of the number of times I was incredibly thankful to have her as a leader. Silvia masterfully combined our team's new ideas with her extensive experience with the Social E-Challenge -- and this year's competition had more entrants, more judges, and earned high praise all around. Silvia was excellent in keeping track of everyone's roles, working tirelessly behind-the-scenes to make sure we had all the resources we needed, and she was never afraid of rolling up her sleeves and taking care of any task that could use her help. She is thoughtful, well read, expressive, energetic, with a great sense of humor -- qualities of a natural leader. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Robin Arnold Technologies Ltd. 14 followers Lund University 124,153 followers Pearl Automation 1,313 followers Apple 3,419,373 followers It's In the Map LLC 57 followers Clean & Renewable Energy Community 21,725 members See all See all following
More Actions Lisa Kristeena has a account Lisa Kristeena Johnson Spacecraft Hardware Engineer at Spire Global, Inc Spire Global, Inc Massachusetts Institute of Technology Glasgow, United Kingdom 285 285 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent MIT aerospace engineer with a passion for space system designs. Currently a spacecraft hardware engineer at Spire Global in Glasgow, Scotland.Previously worked on multiple small satellites and spacesystems for Aurora Flight Sciences. On the original design team for MIT's REXIS, a softxray spectrometer on NASA's OSIRIS-REx. Mentor of the Science Club for Girls rocket team for three years.Specialties: nanosats, cubesats, space systems, project management, systems engineering, stk See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Spacecraft Hardware Engineer Company Name Spire Global, Inc Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Glasgow, United Kingdom Designing, building, and integrating satellites! As of June 2016, 12 Lemurs built and on orbit. Media (1) This position has 1 media Prepping PCBs Prepping PCBs This media is an image Aerospace Engineer Company Name Aurora Flight Sciences Dates Employed Jun 2012 – May 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Cambridge, MA Designing and building small satellites including building Aurora's EchelonSats for launch in 2016.Acquire new projects via SBIRs and BAAs proposals. Mentor Aurora sponsored rocket team for high school girls. Media (1) This position has 1 media EM of MotherCube before Vibration Testing EM of MotherCube before Vibration Testing This media is an image Planetarium Presenter Company Name Boston Museum of Science Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Part time job giving presentations on current space events as well as explorations of the night sky. I give 6 shows every Sunday, presenting to between 20 and 209 people for 45minutes at a time. Systems Engineer at MIT Space Systems Laboratory Company Name MIT Dates Employed May 2010 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location MIT Final Project: REXIS, a soft X-ray coded aperture detector instrument for NASAs OSIRIS-REx spacecraft. Team Lead for the Aperture/Detector subteam. Developing initial design of satellite system as well as interfacing regularly with NASA Goddard for interface with spacecraft.Previous Projects: -Power system team lead for TERSat: a nanosat utilising two 2km long tethers to radiate EMIC waves in the Van Allen Radiation belt to precipitate electrons and protons to create safer operating environment in low earth orbit.- Project Manager and Systems team lead for CASTOR: a nanosat testbed for a new type of electric thruster developed by MIT Space Propulsion lab. Boston Bikes Intern Company Name City of Boston Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Developed surveys and collected data to determine amount of bike riders in boston area as well as most frequented biking areas. Managed 30 highschool interns. Completed daily tasks to prepare Hubway Bike Share system for launch. See more positions Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Aeronautics/Astronautics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2012 Activities and Societies: MIT Lecture Series Committee Relevant Coursework: Physics, Single and Multivariable Calculus, Differential Equations, General Chemistry, Fundamentals of Design and Space Exploration, Mechanics of Solids, Thermodynamics, Aerodynamics, Signals and Systems Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Aerospace, Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2012 Activities and Societies: LSC, At MIT I focused in space systems: designing and implementing ideas that would be used exclusively in the space environment. I worked on multiple cubesat programs and a couple of human-in-the-loop projects including research on the ARED (currently used on Station). Volunteer Experience Rocket Team Mentor Company Name Science Club for Girls Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 9 mos Cause Science and Technology Mentoring the Rocket Team for Girls team for SCFG. Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 13 endorsements for Matlab 13 Matlab Endorsed by Natalya Bailey and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Lisa Kristeena’s colleagues at Aurora Flight Sciences Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Aerospace See 12 endorsements for Aerospace 12 Aerospace Endorsed by 5 of Lisa Kristeena’s colleagues at Aurora Flight Sciences Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Engineering See 10 endorsements for Engineering 10 Engineering Endorsed by 3 of Lisa Kristeena’s colleagues at Aurora Flight Sciences Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Gypsy Steinberg Professional Sulking Coach at The Pout Palace August 5, 2016, Lisa Kristeena was senior to Gypsy but didn’t manage directly Ms Steinberg is the most ferocious employee I've ever had the pleasure to work with. She tackles all obstacles in a flash, and excels at Purroject Management. An absolute delight to work with, she always knew how to brighten up my day. Accomplishments Lisa Kristeena has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Lisa Kristeena has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project REXIS Lisa Kristeena has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Utilizing Cubesat Architecture and Innovative Low-Complexity Devices to Repurpose Decommissioned Apertures for RF Communications Interests Massachusetts Institute of Technology 337,791 followers Spire Global, Inc 2,885 followers NASA Goddard Space Flight Center 34,683 followers Pulse 1,535,168 followers Virgin Orbit 815 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology 277,275 followers See all See all following
More Actions Suthan has a account Suthan Kaneshapillai Hardware Engineer at Ciena Ciena Carleton University Ottawa, Canada Area 336 336 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Ciena Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area Hardware Engineer-Optical/MEN Company Name Nortel Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos CDMA System Verification Engineer Company Name Nortel Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area System Test Engineer Company Name Motorola Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Apr 2007 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Kansas City, Missouri Area System Engineer (CO-OP) Company Name Communications Research Centre Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Ottawa, Canada Area See more positions Education Carleton University Degree Name BEng Field Of Study Electrical Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 University of Moratuwa Degree Name Diploma in Technology Field Of Study Electronics and Telecommunication Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Testing See 24 endorsements for Testing 24 Testing Endorsed by Ahilan Ratnathurai and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Suthan’s colleagues at Ciena Click and drag to reorder skills Wireless See 13 endorsements for Wireless 13 Wireless Ahilan Ratnathurai and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 10 endorsements for Embedded Systems 10 Embedded Systems Endorsed by 2 of Suthan’s colleagues at Nortel Networks Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (2) James Battin Director of Special Projects Engineering at Device Verification Testing & Consulting, LLC October 7, 2008, James managed Suthan directly I managed Suthan for little less than a year, but during that time, he proved to be a go to guy to get the job done. He was willing to work overtime, including weekends at a moments notice. He quickly became the TTY expert and was counted on to perform testing at the Sprint labs. A valued performer. Youssouf Ould Cheikh Mouhamedou Assistant Professor at King Saud University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia February 27, 2013, Youssouf worked with Suthan in different groups I met Suthan during my work at the Communications Research Centre, Ottawa, Canada. It was very pleasant interacting with him. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Ahilan Ratnathurai Test/QA Engineer; Looking for a suitable position September 17, 2016, Ahilan worked with Suthan in the same group I worked together with Ahilan at Motorola. He is very hard working and task oriented person. He is willing put extra effort to accomplish tasks. Pushpaharan Pathmanathan PMP Software Development Manager September 13, 2009, Suthan and Pushpaharan were students together We studied together in the University of Moratuwa. He is one of the multitasking people who can manage his academic studies, community involvements and personal life. He is an intelligent, energetic and helpful person. He spent considerable time outside the university in providing educational assistance to high school students. Accomplishments Interests VMC 5,025 followers POWER SUPPLY DESIGN CENTER 7,892 members Ontario Society of Professional Engineers 10,279 members MD Financial Management | Gestion financière MD 5,370 followers LTE (Long Term Evolution) - 3GPP 133,117 members The Invest Ottawa Network 15,972 members See all See all following
More Actions Greg has a account Greg Zmurk Hardware Engineer Seneca Foods Corporation The University of Akron Stockton, California Area 61 61 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Controls Engineer Company Name Seneca Foods Corporation Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Hardware Engineer Company Name One Stop Systems, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Hardware Engineer Company Name SBE, Inc. Dates Employed 2000 – 2007 Employment Duration 7 yrs Education The University of Akron Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Engineering, Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 3 endorsements for Embedded Systems 3 Embedded Systems Benjamin (Ben) Dewey and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 3 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 3 Hardware Architecture Bruce McCreary and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills USB See 3 endorsements for USB 3 USB John Reid and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Greg Wong IT Specialist at Northern California Speedskating Association April 13, 2009, Greg worked with Greg in the same group Greg is a team player with an outstanding hardware knowledge. It is a pleasure to wth Greg. I was proud of all of the products that we worked on together. Darrell Gray Technology Director at Brandology August 16, 2010, Greg reported directly to Darrell Darrell is easily the best boss I’ve ever had. I was privileged to work under his leadership for over 8 years, as part of a well-managed team of digital hardware and software engineers. Not only did Darrell have the technical competency to effectively guide the team’s work, he also kept us motivated by utilizing peer review sessions and appropriate training in the latest technology. I was impressed with his astute business sense of customer needs and his ability to accurately estimate the project time frames. He was not afraid to get his hands dirty by helping with the overflow of work when needed. I highly recommend Darrell as a capable leader of any engineering team. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,168 followers The University of Akron 108,194 followers Seneca Foods Corporation 5,462 followers The University of Akron 105,671 followers
More Actions Justin has a account Justin Wagner Hardware Engineer at Ciena Ciena Carnegie Mellon University Spokane, Washington Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Main areas of expertise are Ethernet, IP, Wireless Networks, FPGA logic design, and embedded systems programming. Certifications: Ciena CE-A, Cisco CCNA, Cisco CCENTSpecialties: Ethernet, IP, FPGA logic design, embedded systems programming, Wireless Networks, Network Design See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Justin’s Activity 618 followers Setting the Scene for What Lies Ahead In 2010, wireless specialist Moray Rumney predicted major difficulties in over-the-air (OTA) testing of 2x2 MIMO LTE. Today, we’re still awaiting final performance requirements for Release 8-capable devices. Recently, Moray turned his attention to 5G in an article written for Microwave Journal. After confessing that it’s “humbling to be making predictions this early for the next generation,” he takes his best shot. Download the reprint and see why he thinks it’s time to throw away the cables. https://lnkd.in/eC4yH5p Justin liked See all activity Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Ciena Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Design and support of FPGA based features in Carrier Ethernet Switches. Software Developer Company Name Self Employed Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Independent Software Developer, mainly working on Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) based projects. Masters Student Company Name Carnegie Mellon University Dates Employed Aug 2010 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Masters in Electrical and Computer Engineering with a focus on Networks, Digital Logic, and Embedded Systems. Intern Company Name Ciena Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Spokane, Washington Area Hardware Intern in the FPGA Design and Verification Engineering Team Network Administrator Company Name Wired or Wireless, Inc Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Oversee network infrastructure for AIR-PIPE a subsidary of Wired or Wireless.LAN/WAN Network Administrator for a rural Wireless Internet Service Provider (WISP) in Eastern Washington. See more positions Education Carnegie Mellon University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Grade 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Masters in Electrical and Computer Engineering with a focus on Networks, Digital Logic, and Embedded Systems. Eastern Washington University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Grade 3.92 Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2010 Activities and Societies: IEEE Volunteer Experience iOS Developer Company Name The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Dates volunteered Jun 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 5 yrs I am a volunteer iOS Developer and Project Manager for the LDS Music for iOS project at LDSTech (https://tech.lds.org/). The LDS Music for iOS app is available on the Apple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/lds-music/id463553380?mt=8 Missionary Company Name The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Dates volunteered Aug 2005 – Aug 2007 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 1 mo I served as Proselytizing Missionary in the Brazil Salvador Mission. Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 72 endorsements for Embedded Systems 72 Embedded Systems Kris Laframboise and 71 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Wireless See 40 endorsements for Wireless 40 Wireless Michael Hanley and 39 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Software Engineering See 32 endorsements for Software Engineering 32 Software Engineering Joe Corder and 31 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (1) Cornelius Hill P&T Manager at Ciena September 16, 2011, Cornelius was senior to Justin but didn’t manage directly Justin was a very detailed person. When it came to doing his work, it was done correctly and on time. When it came to something he did not know or fully understand, he made it a point to either find the right knowledgable person or do research for the answer. Barb Sinnott Network Architect at Ciena August 15, 2011, Barb worked with Justin in different groups Justin is set apart from most other engineering graduate students as well as many seasoned professionals by his understanding and experience spanning electrical engineering, FPGA code development, FPGA simulation and TCL test code development interfacing with industry test gear. Of increasing value is his understanding of how what is being built is intended to be used and the problem it is to solve. His background allows him to be productive immediately interfacing with many different disciplines within the company including electrical engineering, software engineering, system sales engineers, as well as architecture VPs. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Claudio Talarico Professor at Gonzaga University August 9, 2013, Claudio was senior to Justin but didn’t manage directly While attending EWU, I had Claudio as an instructor for several classes including: Microelectronics I and II, Hardware Description Languages, Embedded System Programming, and CMOS IC Design. I know that Claudio played a key role in my success at EWU. Claudio was not only my instructor, but also my academic advisor, IEEE student advisor, and most importantly my friend. Claudio took a keen interest in our extracurricular activities with IEEE and supported and encouraged my efforts as the IEEE student chair. We were able to foster a good environment where many students participated in IEEE student paper competitions, and we also coordinated and attended many tours of different companies around the Eastern Washington area. I always felt Claudio’s true and sincere interest in working with me and the rest of my colleagues. I never felt like he was just “doing his job”, he was always so passionate about what he was teaching and in the extra-curricular activities he did with us. I look back at my experiences with Claudio at EWU with only the fondest of memories. Accomplishments Justin has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Design of Integrated Embedded Systems Embedded Real Time Systems Packet Switching and Computer Networks Wireless Sensor Networks Justin has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Extra Class Amateur Radio License Carrier Ethernet Associate CCNA Justin has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Spanish Interests Ciena 57,617 followers Eastern Washington University 42,997 followers Ciena Corporation 6,225 members Carnegie Mellon University 126,398 followers Eastern Washington University 44,837 followers
More Actions Jared has a account Jared Watson Product Engineer, EIT at Mirolin Mirolin Industries Corp. McMaster University Canada 110 110 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Product Engineer Company Name Mirolin Industries Corp. Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 10 mos ● Responsible for the product design of all Mirolin products including, but not limited to, bath tubs, tub-showers, and showers.o Designed and developed new products from idea initiation to production, including but not limited to, 3D CAD modeling and detailed drawings, prototype creation, revision processes, tooling creation, part creation, quality testing, and packaging design.o Coordinated with sales and marketing to create new and varied products to meet customer and industry needs.o Optimized current products through the redesigning of products for manufacture.o Created technical documentation including but not limited to Product Specifications and Installation Guides.o Created bill of materials (BOM) and work Routes in Microsoft AX for each unique product.o Managed the creation of multiple new products in conjunction with varying responsibilities and timelines.o Ensured products comply with various standards and codes including but not limited to CSA, OBC, ADA, etc.● Initiated process and procedural improvements of various aspects of the company.o Introduced proper Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T) to product and tooling drawings to ensure parts were being made in a proper fashion in accordance with the applicable standards (ASME Y14.5).o Created a way to manage projects and expectations on a company-wide level to allow for information sharing and cohesiveness throughout the company.o Coordinated with IT to develop a system to allow technical documentation to be viewable to employees and customers in a reliable and accurate way. Design Engineer, EIT Company Name Temspec Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos ● Responsible for the design of Fan Coil Units for high rise residential buildings as well as Unit Ventilators for class room settings. o Designated mechanical Team Leader in the engineering department and was responsible for properly designing fan coils and unit ventilators that met customer’s needs. o Coordinated with sales and production to ensure that the customer received units conducive to their needs and wants (ex: airflow, heating, cooling, dehumidification, etc.). o Created bill of materials (BOM) and work Routes in Infor Visual ERP for each product. o Coordinated with production, sales, and purchasing departments to plan the proper production of the units (timing, parts, and delivery). o Optimized the process of engineering HVAC units using Lean manufacturing techniques. o Ensured units comply with CSA, UL, and ETL standards. o Introduced proper Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T) to product and tooling drawings to ensure parts were designed in accordance with the applicable standards (ASME Y14.5).● Project Manager for the improvement of two pressure testing machines in the production area. o Redesigned new electrical circuitry and mechanical operation of the machines, as well as provided safety measures, a guarding mechanism, lock outs, and electrical safety measures. o Performed a mechanical piping design in conjunction with design of electrical and controls. o Ensured CE Code compliance for all electrical circuitry. o Mechanical support redesign with new moveable counter-weighted guarding system. o Responsible for workplace safety within the project area. o Executed cost analysis and management of work on the project. o Tested and proved the new design for working improvements. o Created preventative maintenance checklists to ensure the machines would continue to perform in the intended fashion. Iron Technology Mechanical Engineering Intern Company Name ArcelorMittal Hamilton Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Worked primarily in the Iron Production area, which includes the Blast Furnaces, thePulverized Coal Injection plant, and the Desulfurizing Station.• Designed and oversaw the implementation of various projects; coordinated withoperations, maintenance, contractors and suppliers to provide solutions to variousproblems.• Coordinated with purchasing, maintenance, operations, suppliers, and contractors tospecify and perform a cost analysis of the purchase and installation of a hydraulic valve.This included the piping of new hydraulic lines, the setting-up of monitoring devices, themethod of installation, and a vibration analysis on the valve.• Designed a fix for a cantilevered section of a vibrating pan feeder, allowing it to resumeoperation safely after the structure failed attempting to hold up the cantilever section.• Designed a lockout system to prevent the motion of a lever when locked-out; the newlever lockout design was implemented to safely support maintenance workers whileconducting jobs in the area.• Provided conflict resolution between coworkers, and mediated project workflows, whichled to successful and timely completions.• Provided project management support, and occasionally took over project managementroles to ensure proper completion of the project in a timely manner; coordinated withcontractors, operations, suppliers, and internal trades to ensure the project’s completion. Junior Mechanical Engineer Company Name EPOH inc Dates Employed May 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Worked primarily on the $260 million Sault Area Hospital Project; involved with the newSault Ste. Marie Algoma Public Health Building Project, as well as the new Sault Ste.Marie West End Community Centre Project.• Inspected conditions of construction and ensured that the building and its parts werefunctioning as intended.• Responsible for finding solutions to mechanical and electrical problems that arose duringthe construction phase and facilitating those solutions.• Assisted with commissioning and testing of certain components of the building, includingelectrical and mechanical devices, and that operating conditions of these systems wereacceptable.• Ensured code compliance with the Canadian Standards Association, Specifically sectionZ32; facilitated questions and concerns from general contractors and owner’srepresentatives. Education McMaster University Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering, Mechanics & Design Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2012 Registered in Engineering Co-op program Featured Skills & Endorsements Engineering See 4 endorsements for Engineering 4 Engineering Eunice Wong and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Construction See 3 endorsements for Construction 3 Construction Christopher Norton and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Solid Edge See 3 endorsements for Solid Edge 3 Solid Edge Eunice Wong and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,168 followers Product Management 2,597,068 followers Proto3000 | 3D Printing | Rapid Prototyping | 3D Scanning | CAD Engineering 3,101 followers BioniC- the Planet of BioMedical Engineers #BionicBME 1,650 members McMaster University 133,769 followers McMaster University 128,261 followers See all See all following
More Actions Akshada has a account Akshada Pillai Hardware Design Engineer at Intel Corporation Intel Corporation North Carolina State University Hillsboro, Oregon 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Signal Integrity Engineer Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Research Triangle Park Signal Integrity/Hardware Design Intern Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Research Triangle Park Graduate Student Company Name North Carolina State University Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Summer Intern Company Name Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Bhopal Area, India Technical Intern in the maintenance block. Responsibilities included interacting with other departments and acquiring a detailed description of the faults in the systems and reporting back to my team. Education North Carolina State University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Grade 3.77 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Rajiv Gandhi Prodyogiki Vishwavidyalaya Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Featured Skills & Endorsements Semiconductor Fabrication See 2 endorsements for Semiconductor Fabrication 2 Semiconductor Fabrication James Owens and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Semiconductor Packaging See 1 endorsement for Semiconductor Packaging 1 Semiconductor Packaging James Owens has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Semiconductor Process See 2 endorsements for Semiconductor Process 2 Semiconductor Process James Owens and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Akshada has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses ASIC Verification Computer Networks Design of Electronic Packaging and Interconnects Digital ASIC Design IC Technology and Fabrication IC Technology and Fabrication Laboratory Photonics and Optical Communications Physical Electronics Self Powered Nano-Sensor Systems VLSI Systems Design Interests RED Digital Cinema 10,742 followers Philips 806,516 followers The Photonics Group 2,855 followers Intel Corporation 879,868 followers Keysight ADS Users Group 70,740 members Apogee Electronics 8,259 followers See all See all following
More Actions jürgen has a account jürgen schuhmacher Bild- und Signalverarbeitungselektronik mit FPGAs JS Ingenieurbüro für Signal- und Bildverarbeitung Universität Siegen Frankfurt Am Main Area, Germany 23 23 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am looking for projects regarding algorithm design and research in the field of measurement, optics and physics with MATLAB / Simulink and Implementation into FPGAs and MCUs on electronic circuit boards (PCB).Recent projects in the latest 7 years:Videosignalprocessing, Automotive-Test-Equipment, Camera and Sensor Electronics, Video Data Processing & Surgery Microscopes, X-RAY 3D Imaging, Image Recognition & Software Defined Radio, Laser & Optics, Radar & Video, Flight Control, Magnetic Resonance Imaging, Oncology / Beam Accelerator, Precision Angle Measurement, Blood Gas AnalysisProfile:FPGA, MATLAB, Simulink, System Generator, ModelSIM, QUARTUS, Xilinx, Altera, Medical Devices, Image Sensors, Signal Processing, Mathematics, Modelling, Requirement Engineering, Supplier Management, Pattern Recognition, Image Processing, 2D-image optimization, Sensor Data Aquisition, See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} jürgen’s Activity 24 followers Visit our booth Wieland Electric on Hall 9 Booth F69 for our safety solutions. www.wieland-electric.com jürgen liked See all activity Experience self employed consultant for electronics, signal processing and FPGA for audio, medical and defense Company Name JS Ingenieurbüro für Signal- und Bildverarbeitung Dates Employed Jul 2004 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 11 mos Location hesse, germany development of hardware and firmware for electronic components in the field of medical devices and defence industry as well as audio including formal requirement engineering, project management and realization. experiences in austria, switzerland and francerecent projects: surgery microscopes, dental imaging, radar processing, sensor imaging, laser based flight control, cavity control, oncology, precision optics, angle meassurement, blood gas processing, in vitro diagnostics, particle beam accelerator, hand held devices, whole blood processing, touchless measurement, Audio Development and Mobile Recording Studio Company Name Tonstudio und Audioproduktionen Dates Employed 1993 – Present Employment Duration 24 yrs Location hesse Audio Algorithms, Audio Recording, Mastering, Music Recording, Music Composition Media (1) This position has 1 media animation of a rotary encoder with a multi colour led display animation of a rotary encoder with a multi colour led display This media is a video Project Electronics for Microsurgery Microscopes Company Name Medical Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location BW Project DSP-FPGA Company Name Automotive Testing Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Darmstadt Area, Germany FPGA und DSP, EMIF Project "Image and Signalprocessing" Company Name Consumer Dates Employed 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Germany FPGA + Electronic Development See more positions Education Universität Siegen Degree Name Dipl-Ing. Elektrotechnik Field Of Study Technische Signalverarbeitung Elektrotechnik und Informatik Media (1) This position has 1 media Alumniverbund der Universität Siegen - Das Kontakt-Netzwerk | Alumniverbund Alumniverbund der Universität Siegen - Das Kontakt-Netzwerk | Alumniverbund This media is a link Skills Physical Modeling Physical Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Mathematical Modeling Mathematical Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Electronics Digital Electronics Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems Embedded Systems Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments jürgen has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Dipl.-Ing. Elektrotechnik - Technische Datenverarbeitung Diplomarbeit Studienarbeit jürgen has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Deutsch Englisch Französisch jürgen has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects "close to analog" FPGA-based virtual analog drumcomputer with 768kHz sample rate signal processing FPGA Music Synthesizer Audio Workstation jürgen has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Patent EP2068436 Professional Recording - Sound für Profis jürgen has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course English jürgen has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization VDE jürgen has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent stall detection Interests Universität Siegen 9,505 followers Image Processing 15,011 members Dürr Dental AG 1,474 followers Dexela Ltd 124 followers Dialog Semiconductor 15,005 followers FPGA - Field Programmable Gate Array 33,126 members See all See all following
More Actions Matt has a account Matt Singer Staff Hardware Engineer at Twitter Twitter Case Western Reserve University San Francisco, California 384 384 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent As the technical lead of the hardware engineering team at Twitter, I'm proud to have contributed to the scale-out of "one of the most resilient and cost effective cloud infrastructures in the business."My deep technical knowledge of the x86 platform is rooted in my experience as a firmware engineer, contributing effort to desktop, mobile, server, and embedded system designs. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Staff Hardware Engineer Company Name Twitter Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Technical Team Lead for Hardware Engineering at TwitterCurrent Focus Areas Include:- UEFI Boot Support within Twitter’s existing infrastructure and orchestration system.- In-band management of Intel CPU power limits to manage total rack power draw.- Manage Twitter’s technical relationship with CPU manufacturers.- Investigate alternative architectures (ARM and POWER) and opportunities for lower TCO.- Performance comparison of private vs. public cloud offerings.- Mentor junior team members with respect to firmware issues, hardware debug, Twitter infrastructure, performance measurement and validation planning.- Application performance analysis and optimization to hardware.Notable Prior Efforts:- CPU selection for internal 1st, 2nd, and 3rd generation Twitter frontend compute designs.-- Part selections and negotiations resulting in substantial TCO gains.- Implementation of datacenter-wide CPU governor policies.- POC implementation of a Free-RTOS based management solution in a microcontroller. - Definition of Twitter’s Firmware requirements for all RFI/RFQs.- Designed custom BIOS/BMC features and worked with ODMs to implement, e.g.-- BMC buffering & pattern matching of serial console data.-- Automatic network boot order management. Media (1) This position has 1 media Hardware & Provisioning Engineering at Twitter Hardware & Provisioning Engineering at Twitter This media is a video Senior BIOS Engineer Company Name VersaLogic Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Portland, Oregon Area Lead firmware developer for VersaLogic embedded motherboards- New product development and BIOS implementation for VersaLogic's line of embedded computers.- Developed firmware using AMI's Aptio BIOS for EBX, EPIC, and COM-Express products- Experience with Intel's Ivy Bridge, Tunnel Creek, and Luna Pier CPU architectures.- Successfully executed organization’s change of BIOS vendor to AMI.- Develop BIOS firmware from power-on through manufacturing.- Implemented use of revision control system for BIOS source code as well as a defect tracking system for all engineering issues.- Administered VersaLogic Linux infrastructure, providing hosted services such as MediaWiki, Mantis, and Subversion.- Redefined VersaLogic’s BIOS development and validation processes- Develop lab bench utilities for test and validation. Senior Software Engineer Company Name RadiSys Corporation Dates Employed May 2008 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Portland, Oregon Area Lead Firmware Developer for next-generation RadiSys ATCA compute blades.- Work with domestic and international teams to design and implement the first RadiSys ATCA compute blade, ATCA switch blade and COM Express module with UEFI Firmware.- Delivered BIOS solutions for Nehalem, Westmere, and Sandy Bridge designs.- Implement RadiSys custom feature set, including customization and extension of the UEFI Shell.- Extensive experience implementing firmware interaction with Baseboard Management Controllers (BMC)Engineering duties included:- Support hardware design with schematic reviews.- Develop BIOS firmware from power-on through manufacturing.- Provide direct engineering support to RadiSys customers- Provide technical training to RadiSys service and field teams on a range of topics Owner Company Name Singer Technology, Inc. Dates Employed 2007 – May 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr Software Engineer (Contract) Company Name Yurcor Dates Employed Oct 2006 – May 2007 Employment Duration 8 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Firmware development for Intel’s EFI Products.Implemented BIOS flash update features for an Intel motherboard product targeted at the Microsoft FlexGo program.- Coding in PEI for secure hash verification.- Coding in DXE for secure hash generation and storage in firmware. See more positions Education Case Western Reserve University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 45 endorsements for Embedded Systems 45 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Vlad Rakocevic and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Matt’s colleagues at Twitter Click and drag to reorder skills Debugging See 42 endorsements for Debugging 42 Debugging Endorsed by John Mathews and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Matt’s colleagues at Twitter Click and drag to reorder skills Firmware See 35 endorsements for Firmware 35 Firmware Endorsed by Nick Adams and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Matt’s colleagues at Twitter Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (3) Jayarama Shenoy Director of Hardware Engineering at eBay February 10, 2017, Jayarama managed Matt directly Matt was one of the first key hires I made upon taking on a manager role at Twitter, and he grew into and exceeded high expectations very quickly. He was originally recruited to own the firmware parts of Twitters server hardware portfolio, to focus initially on debugging issues and to specify and test BIOS and BMC features on our servers. When interviewing Matt, it was clear to me that his potential was going to be greater than that. In about 2-3 quarters he was able to cover his original role, and work on power/performance capping and tradeoff for our servers and then to build on it into compute performance testing. He was key to multiple investigations that impacted CPU selections, improving performance of Twitter's cloud and applications, and to competitive benchmarking of our infrastructure. Matt functioned as a technical lead for the hardware engineering team, representing us in internal and external technology discussions, and mentored team members. Recruiting him has turned out to be a very good decision for Twitter. Bruce A McKinnon Chief Operating Officer March 11, 2013, Bruce A was senior to Matt but didn’t manage directly I had the pleasure of working with Matt Singer for 2 years. Matt has a gift for software development. With deep and varied knowledge of many OS and firmware languages, he was able to quickly ramp-up and deliver on a number of critical new design projects. Matt is collaborative and has a strong sense of Team. He listens well and personifies the benefits of methodical, process driven problem solving skills. Matt is productive, motivated and always willing to lend a hand… regardless of the task. He is a pleasure to work with. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Tad Drake Hardware Development Manager at Intel Corp. January 28, 2013, Matt reported directly to Tad I've had the pleasure of working with Tad at RadiSys, and then reporting directly to Tad at VersaLogic. Tad is a both a skilled manager and a skilled hardware engineer in his own right. His deep technical knowledge of computer hardware design and his natural leadership abilities are assets that allow him to excel. He fosters an environment where mutual loyalty and trust make it easy to work. Andy Loso Staff Software Engineer at Harmonic November 23, 2010, Andy worked with Matt in the same group Andy is a superbly capable engineer with an attention to detail. He has proven to be both a successful team player and able to work independently. He has a broad range of technical knowledge that has allowed him to tackle a range of projects. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Matt has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent BIOS UPDATE FILE Matt has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication The infrastructure behind Twitter: efficiency and optimization Interests Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,360 followers Social Impact 4,924,394 followers X-RadiSys 315 members Radisys Corporation 5,995 followers VersaLogic Corporation 617 followers Case Western Reserve University 66,392 followers See all See all following
More Actions Akshada has a account Akshada Pillai Hardware Design Engineer at Intel Corporation Intel Corporation North Carolina State University Hillsboro, Oregon 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Signal Integrity Engineer Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Research Triangle Park Signal Integrity/Hardware Design Intern Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Research Triangle Park Graduate Student Company Name North Carolina State University Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Summer Intern Company Name Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Bhopal Area, India Technical Intern in the maintenance block. Responsibilities included interacting with other departments and acquiring a detailed description of the faults in the systems and reporting back to my team. Education North Carolina State University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Grade 3.77 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Rajiv Gandhi Prodyogiki Vishwavidyalaya Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Featured Skills & Endorsements Semiconductor Fabrication See 2 endorsements for Semiconductor Fabrication 2 Semiconductor Fabrication James Owens and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Semiconductor Packaging See 1 endorsement for Semiconductor Packaging 1 Semiconductor Packaging James Owens has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Semiconductor Process See 2 endorsements for Semiconductor Process 2 Semiconductor Process James Owens and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Akshada has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses ASIC Verification Computer Networks Design of Electronic Packaging and Interconnects Digital ASIC Design IC Technology and Fabrication IC Technology and Fabrication Laboratory Photonics and Optical Communications Physical Electronics Self Powered Nano-Sensor Systems VLSI Systems Design Interests Arista Networks 58,342 followers Oracle 2,119,621 followers IoT International Compliance 142 members Juniper Networks 260,574 followers Nokia 580,597 followers Ryan HolmesRyan Holmes is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Hootsuite 1,478,227 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris McCain Sr. Staff Hardware Engineer at Qualcomm - IPS Base Band Systems group Qualcomm California State University-Sacramento Sacramento, California Area 190 190 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Electrical hardware engineer proficient in the design of digital & analog systems. Experienced in all phases of the product life cycle from concept to deployment with capabilities that include project scheduling, resource & vendor management, design review, project documentation, architecture, bring-up, analysis, simulation, correlation, test automation, scripting, programming, analog circuit design, and logic design using various languages. Signal integrity analysis and component analog design are areas of continuing study.Specialties: Verilog & VHDL FPGA logic design & implementation.Embedded system hardware/firmware.Digital & analog circuit design.Signal integrity and power distribution analysis and design. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Staff Hardware Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location San Diego, Ca QCT - IPS Hardware, Baseband Systems - hardware design engineering. Hardware engineer/contract Company Name All Weather, Inc. Dates Employed May 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Sacramento, Ca Present weather precipitation monitor system design. Hardware engineer/Contract Company Name Micron Technology Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Folsom, Ca PCIe Solid State Drive – PCIe development vehicles were built to evaluate architecture, power, performance, etc. for Micron memories. Contract Hardware Engineering Company Name DM Systems, Shriners, & CSUS Dates Employed Nov 2006 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Hardware, firmware, fabrication, and assembly of several medical devices for multiple clients. Sr. Systems Design Engineer Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jun 1996 – Feb 2004 Employment Duration 7 yrs 9 mos Individual contributor and team lead responsible for pre-enabling internal and external Flash memory customer base via package analysis/characterization, Flash memory driver software development platforms, Flash memory hardware emulators, Flash memory Verilog/VHDL model conversions, project management, and many other duties. See more positions Education California State University-Sacramento Degree Name B. S. Field Of Study Electrical & electronic engineering Activities and Societies: Tau Beta Pi member California State University-Sacramento Degree Name BS EE&E Featured Skills & Endorsements Signal Integrity See 6 endorsements for Signal Integrity 6 Signal Integrity CHUCK M. DREWS and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 6 endorsements for Embedded Systems 6 Embedded Systems Timothy Rothman and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills FPGA See 2 endorsements for FPGA 2 FPGA CHUCK M. DREWS and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests California State University-Sacramento 128,141 followers California State University-Sacramento 131,362 followers high speed board design and development 11,663 members Qualcomm 284,148 followers Pulse 1,535,168 followers
More Actions Christopher has a account Christopher Hinton RF Hardware Engineer iDirect The Johns Hopkins University Washington D.C. Metro Area 326 326 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Summary: I am currently working for iDirect in Herndon Virginia as a RF Hardware Engineer. I have over 7 years of RF Design experience covering: EW Receivers, Phased-Array RADAR Systems, Satellite Communications. I completed my MSEE from Johns Hopkins University in 2013 and my BSEE from Drexel University in 2009.Specialties: RF/Microwave Electronics; Microwave Systems; Analog Electronics; Antennas; Impedance Matching; RADAR; Phased-Array RADAR Calibration Techniques; Satellite Communications; Transmitters; Calibration, Pre-distortion, and Equalization of Quadrature IQ Modulators; Automation of RF/Microwave Design Verification Testing using Python and Mathematica over GPIB and LAN; Spur Hunting and Fixing; EMI/EMC Design and Debugging; Designing for Test and Manufacturing; Optimizing Phase Noise and Settling Time for Integer and Fractional Charge Pump PLLs; Genesys Momentum PCB Layout Simulation and Optimizations; Network Synthesis (Genesys S-Filter); Wideband RF Design; Debugging low EVM IQ Constellations; Debugging factory yield issues.Hobbies: basketball, weight lifting, drinking good beer, procrastinating on performance reviews, live music, movies, motorcycling, camping, caffeine, music, podcasts, audiobooks, skiingAbout me: I am constantly curious and I get obsessed with ideas easily. Seems to just be my nature. I am very interested in doing the right thing, the right way. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience RF Hardware Engineer Company Name iDirect Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Sr Engineer-Systems Company Name General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos RF/Microwave Engineer Company Name DRS Defense Solutions - Signal Solutions Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Student - Senior Design Team Lead Company Name Drexel University Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 10 mos Engineering Co-op Company Name Penn State University ARL NRDC Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 7 mos See more positions Education The Johns Hopkins University Degree Name M.S.E.E. Field Of Study RF/Microwave Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Drexel University Degree Name B.S.E.E. Field Of Study RF/Microwave Electronics, Advanced Electronics, Lightwave Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Drexel Student IEEE - Logistics Chair Featured Skills & Endorsements Microwave See 15 endorsements for Microwave 15 Microwave Endorsed by 5 of Christopher’s colleagues at DRS Signal Solutions, Inc Click and drag to reorder skills Antennas See 14 endorsements for Antennas 14 Antennas Endorsed by 4 of Christopher’s colleagues at DRS Signal Solutions, Inc Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 10 endorsements for Electronics 10 Electronics Endorsed by Richard Shor, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Christopher’s colleagues at DRS Signal Solutions, Inc Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (4) San Chao, CID SR. PCB Design Engineer June 2, 2014, San worked with Christopher in different groups Chris is a very talent engineer and few good one I have ever worked with since I have been here at iDirect. His group was lucky to have him as well as iDirect is lucky to have him working there. He is very good at capturing problems in pcb. Stephen Hochstetler Engineer at Covariant Solutions, LLC June 13, 2011, Stephen was senior to Christopher but didn’t manage directly Chris is a talented and motivated engineer. He is a self-starter, pays close attentions to details, and needs little oversight when working on tasks. His work products also show an ability to communicate well with others. These are abilities difficult to find in an Engineer of his experience. I would work with Chris again and recommend him to others. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations San Chao, CID SR. PCB Design Engineer April 9, 2014, Christopher worked with San in different groups To date, Mark is the best PCB engineer I have worked with. Any disconnects were quickly ironed out at the white board or via email. I am really impressed with his skills, knowledge, and work ethic. We'd be emailing designs back and forth late into the night even through holidays. The amount of stuff we crammed onto those boards was all due to his abilities and knowledge of our manufacture's guidelines. Vinay Gadia MS, Engineering Management July 4, 2009, Christopher and Vinay were students together Vinay Gardia is one of the smartest people I had to fortune of meeting and working with at Drexel University. I was always impressed with Vinay's work ethic in addition to his ability to juggle multiple tasks effectively and efficiently. But all of these great qualities are echoed by his great personality. I know Vinay will be successful and I am confident that anyone will feel lucky to work with Vinay. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests SatixFy Israel Ltd. 390 followers The Drexel Alumni Networking Group 17,473 members Federated Wireless 1,812 followers Maury Microwave 752 followers Nuvotronics 1,934 followers The Johns Hopkins University 149,544 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joe has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Joe Moak Cofounder and SVP of Hardware at Joy Joy Inc. California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I endeavor to make beautiful, useful electronic things for people through creative courage, engineering discipline, and gritty leadership. Highlights Experience Cofounder and SVP of Hardware Company Name Joy Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Founder Company Name Maestro Product Design Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Building teams that endeavor to design and deliver beautiful, useful, often electronic things for people. Chief Engineer Company Name Matter™ Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Building and leading the Design Engineering discipline at MATTER™, an industrial, interface, and experience design & engineering consultancy. Sr. Manager, Mechanical Design Engineering Company Name Sonos, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Santa Barbara, California Area Building and leading teams that endeavor to design and build beautiful, useful electronic things for people. Sr. Mechanical Design Engineering Lead Company Name Sonos, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Santa Barbara, California Area • Developed product architecture for a high-end wireless audio product in a challenging form factor• Led a team of mechanical design engineers in the detailed design and execution of aggressive product goals• Refined engineering best practices within the Mechanical Design function• Brought in Geometric Dimensioning & Tolerancing training for the Design, Manufacturing, and Quality Assurance teams and led the cross-functional implementation of improved design and development processes See more positions Education California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Development See 60 endorsements for Product Development 60 Product Development Endorsed by Benjamin Rappoport and 21 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Joe’s colleagues at Sonos, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Injection Molding See 46 endorsements for Injection Molding 46 Injection Molding Endorsed by Carlo Catalano, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Joe’s colleagues at Sonos, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Manufacturing See 39 endorsements for Manufacturing 39 Manufacturing Endorsed by Mike Barry and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Joe’s colleagues at Sonos, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 36 more View 36 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Henrik Lemos Owner/Operator at Lemos Consulting: Making IT Work for You September 5, 2006, Joe worked with Henrik in different groups Henrik made sure I had all the technology tools our group needed to do our work and went above and beyond the call of duty to help set up special systems to support our Mechanical design tools. Accomplishments Joe has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Apple iMac (Late 2012) Apple iMac (Late 2012) Mac Mini - Early 2010 Interests California Polytechnic State University 129,179 followers Digital Kitchen 13,685 followers Leadership & Management 24,847,951 followers Sonos, Inc. 62,524 followers Med Device Engineer 10,577 members Cisco 1,440,182 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Earl Graphics Architect at Apple Apple University of Central Florida Orlando, Florida Area 216 216 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Graphics Architect Company Name Apple Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Orlando Principal Member of Technical Staff, ASIC Design Engineer Company Name Advanced Micro Devices Dates Employed Apr 2003 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 9 yrs 10 mos ASIC/Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Theseus Logic Dates Employed 2000 – 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs ASIC Design Engineer Company Name Real 3D Dates Employed 1998 – 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs ASIC Design Engineer Company Name Lockheed Martin Dates Employed 1995 – 1998 Employment Duration 3 yrs See more positions Education University of Central Florida Degree Name MSIE Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1998 Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Verilog See 15 endorsements for Verilog 15 Verilog Endorsed by 13 of Mark’s colleagues at AMD Endorsed by 7 people who know Verilog Click and drag to reorder skills Debugging See 8 endorsements for Debugging 8 Debugging Endorsed by Eric Demers, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Mark’s colleagues at AMD Click and drag to reorder skills VHDL See 3 endorsements for VHDL 3 VHDL Endorsed by 2 of Mark’s colleagues at AMD Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Apple 3,419,392 followers ASIC, FPGA, SoC - Texas / Colorado / Midwest 2,116 members Mobile GPU Technology 714 members Semiconductor Professional's Group 113,942 members AMD Employees (400+ Members) 7,128 members SOC Forum - ASIC/FPGA/IP/EDA Engineers, Contractors, Executives 27,961 members See all See all following
More Actions Muzammil has a account Muzammil Mukadam Computer Hardware Engineer at Shri Infotech Shri Infotech Pune, Maharashtra, India 6 6 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Computer Hardware Engineer Company Name Shri Infotech Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,170 followers Shri Infotech 8 followers India 46,701,543 followers
More Actions Kavya has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Kavya Shagrithaya Senior Hardware Engineer at NVIDIA NVIDIA Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Santa Clara, California 487 487 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name NVIDIA Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Santa Clara GPU Design Verification Graduate Research Assistant Company Name Virginia Tech Dates Employed May 2011 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Blacksburg Graduate student in the Configurable Computing Lab and student member at the NSF Center for High Performance Reconfigurable Computing (CHREC)Involved in :- Development of a high performance computing application on an FPGA-based hybrid-core computer- Evaluation and feasibility studies of front end productivity environments for FPGA development- Enabling development of OpenCL applications on FPGA supercomputing platform Graduate Teaching Assistant Company Name Virginia Tech Dates Employed Aug 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Blacksburg Handled labs for the courses - Introduction to Computer Engineering - Microprocessor System Design Software Development Engineer Company Name Philips Healthcare Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Bangalore Development Engineer in the Nuclear Medicine modality- Tested different applications in the NM workstation for functional correctness- Developed a part of gated blood pool imaging application that aids in viewing and analysis of cardiac functional images. Project Trainee Company Name Philips Electronics India Ltd Dates Employed Jan 2009 – May 2009 Employment Duration 5 mos - Implemented a low cost, low power, single channel wireless electrocardiogram with a USB interface to a computer for display- Designed the analog front end for the same- The application on the computer displayed the waveform on a standard ECG graph, the heart rate and sinus arrhythmia if any.- Heart rate determination was implemented across hardware and software. Education Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 R. V. College of Engineering, Bangalore Degree Name B.E. Field Of Study Electronics and Communication Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 18 endorsements for FPGA 18 FPGA Priyanka Gopalakrishna and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 17 endorsements for Verilog 17 Verilog Endorsed by Anushree Kalmegh, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Kavya’s colleagues at NVIDIA Click and drag to reorder skills C++ See 7 endorsements for C++ 7 C++ Endorsed by Priyanka Gopalakrishna and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Kavya’s colleagues at Virginia Tech Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Kavya has 6 courses 6 Expand courses section Courses Computer Architecture Configurable Computing Hardware Software Co-design Secure Hardware Design Testing of Digital Systems VLSI Circuit Design Kavya has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project OpenCL to HDL source-to-source translation Kavya has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Enabling Development of OpenCL Applications on FPGA Platforms Interests Pulse 1,535,171 followers CHREC 130 followers Reconfigurable Computing 1,079 members Altera 35,578 followers Virginia Tech ECE 2,261 members NVIDIA GRID 4,069 followers See all See all following
More Actions Leonard has a account Leonard Lay Senior Hardware Engineer at EVA Automation, Inc. Bowers & Wilkins USA Chabot community college San Francisco Bay Area 164 164 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Development Manager Company Name Bowers & Wilkins USA Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Redwood City, california Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name EVA Automation, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Redwood City Senior designer and hardware architect on cutting edge television media hub. Collaborated closely with the firmware and software teams to ensure that the optimal design was achieved. HDMI sources up to 4kp60; multiple Cavium SoC H264 encoders; main application Broadcom 7444 SoC; Transport Stream; MII network switch; Ir processor; and an HDMI output of up to 4kp60. Collaborated closely with CM manufacturer to ensure design meets high production volume criteria. MAX10 Altera PLD. Orcad schematic entry and PADS PCB layout Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name Atheer Labs Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Mountain view, california Senior designer on cutting edge mobile head mounted augmented reality development platform. Implemented the MIPI camera transport subsystem: MIPI-> LVDS->MIPI. Redesigned the power subsystem including adding a battery charging subsystem. Evaluated depth sensor options and worked with vendors to optimize for implementation. Supported redesign of the current development kit for both improved performance and ease of manufacturing. Wrote the manufacturing assembly and hardware test instructions. Altium schematic entry and PCB layout. Lattice FPGAs. Sr Electrical Engineer\Project Lead Company Name Solta Medical, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Senior designer and project lead on RF, Laser, and IPL based aesthetic medical devices. On hands project lead from concept into manufacturing with primary focus on the system integration. Software/firmware lead. Technical lead for both hardware and software on sustaining projects. Knowledge of IEC 60601, and well versed in medical design control procedures. Sr FPGA Engineer Company Name Tessera Technologies Inc Dates Employed 2009 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs See more positions Education Chabot community college Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 16 endorsements for FPGA 16 FPGA Ben Yuan and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Firmware See 11 endorsements for Firmware 11 Firmware Endorsed by 2 of Leonard’s colleagues at Atheer Click and drag to reorder skills VHDL See 9 endorsements for VHDL 9 VHDL Endorsed by 2 of Leonard’s colleagues at EVA Automation, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Bowers & Wilkins USA 365 followers Atheer 1,826 followers EVA Automation, Inc. 664 followers CHJ & Associates 489 followers Solta Medical, Inc. 5,623 followers Pulse 1,535,172 followers
More Actions Leonard has a account Leonard Lay Senior Hardware Engineer at EVA Automation, Inc. Bowers & Wilkins USA Chabot community college San Francisco Bay Area 164 164 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Development Manager Company Name Bowers & Wilkins USA Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Redwood City, california Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name EVA Automation, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Redwood City Senior designer and hardware architect on cutting edge television media hub. Collaborated closely with the firmware and software teams to ensure that the optimal design was achieved. HDMI sources up to 4kp60; multiple Cavium SoC H264 encoders; main application Broadcom 7444 SoC; Transport Stream; MII network switch; Ir processor; and an HDMI output of up to 4kp60. Collaborated closely with CM manufacturer to ensure design meets high production volume criteria. MAX10 Altera PLD. Orcad schematic entry and PADS PCB layout Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name Atheer Labs Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Mountain view, california Senior designer on cutting edge mobile head mounted augmented reality development platform. Implemented the MIPI camera transport subsystem: MIPI-> LVDS->MIPI. Redesigned the power subsystem including adding a battery charging subsystem. Evaluated depth sensor options and worked with vendors to optimize for implementation. Supported redesign of the current development kit for both improved performance and ease of manufacturing. Wrote the manufacturing assembly and hardware test instructions. Altium schematic entry and PCB layout. Lattice FPGAs. Sr Electrical Engineer\Project Lead Company Name Solta Medical, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Senior designer and project lead on RF, Laser, and IPL based aesthetic medical devices. On hands project lead from concept into manufacturing with primary focus on the system integration. Software/firmware lead. Technical lead for both hardware and software on sustaining projects. Knowledge of IEC 60601, and well versed in medical design control procedures. Sr FPGA Engineer Company Name Tessera Technologies Inc Dates Employed 2009 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs See more positions Education Chabot community college Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 16 endorsements for FPGA 16 FPGA Ben Yuan and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Firmware See 11 endorsements for Firmware 11 Firmware Endorsed by 2 of Leonard’s colleagues at Atheer Click and drag to reorder skills VHDL See 9 endorsements for VHDL 9 VHDL Endorsed by 2 of Leonard’s colleagues at EVA Automation, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests CHJ & Associates 489 followers Pulse 1,535,172 followers Solta Medical, Inc. 5,623 followers Atheer 1,826 followers Bowers & Wilkins USA 365 followers EVA Automation, Inc. 664 followers
More Actions Michael has a account Michael James Hardware Engineer at Westinghouse Electric Company Westinghouse Electric Company Penn State University Greater Pittsburgh Area 292 292 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Westinghouse Electric Company Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs Hardware Engineer Company Name Ericsson Dates Employed Dec 1999 – May 2008 Employment Duration 8 yrs 6 mos Hardware Engineer Company Name Intel Dates Employed 1995 – 1999 Employment Duration 4 yrs Education Penn State University Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Hardware See 15 endorsements for Hardware 15 Hardware Justin Samstag and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Electrical Engineering See 13 endorsements for Electrical Engineering 13 Electrical Engineering Justin Samstag and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Engineering See 10 endorsements for Engineering 10 Engineering Dianne Sain and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Deepti Busireddy Senior Product Manager at T-Mobile January 29, 2010, Michael worked with Deepti in different groups I had the pleasure of working with Deepti while I was with Ericsson. She worked for our subcontractor which manufactured our PCBs. Deepti was successful in resolving many complex problems with numerous builts. She is an excellant Engineer that displays teamwork at all levels. Deepti understood the end goals relating to the product which allowd her to resolve any issue presented to her. It was a pleasure working with her, I highly recommend Deepti. Accomplishments Interests PAE 28,577 followers Penn State University 457,812 followers Pulse 1,535,171 followers Westinghouse Electric Company 40,471 followers Continental Building Company 1,557 followers Nationwide Insurance 106,609 followers See all See all following
More Actions Panagiotis has a account Panagiotis Vosniadis Student at Aristoteleion Panepistimion Thessalonikis self-employed Aristoteleion Panepistimion Thessalonikis Greece 149 149 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Hardware Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Matlab, Physics, Engineering, C++, and Electrical Engineering. Strong engineering professional with a Master's degree focused in Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering from Aristoteleion Panepistimion Thessalonikis. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Panagiotis’ Activity 149 followers Aikaterini’s photo Panagiotis liked Our VINEYARD paper on Spark acceleration using Pynq FPGAs was awarded the best student paper award in IEEE MOCAST 2017. Congrats to our students! (Stamelos Ioannis and Elias Koromilas). More at http://vineyard-h2020.eu Panagiotis liked Photo from the Awards ceremony of the Pan-Hellenic Writing Contest by MORAITIS and ENTYPOIS publications Panagiotis liked See all activity Experience Technical Consultant Company Name self-employed Dates Employed 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Thessaloniki Network installations: cabling, wireless, switching and routing.Computer repairs: software and hardware upgrades and maintenance.Mobile phones: replaced broken screens, flash custom firmware. Hardware Engineer Company Name Ilpra Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Thessaloniki Hardware design , PCB design , check circuits Education Aristoteleion Panepistimion Thessalonikis Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Grade 8+ Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2017 Activities and Societies: The Program of Postgraduate Studies (P.P.S.) in Electronic Physics (Radioelectrology) has been functioning under the Physics Department of Aristotle University of Thessaloniki since 1965. Students acquiring the MSc may engage telecommunication and/or electronics companies (state's, or private enterprise), as well as openings in research and educational institutes. There are two areas in the MSc : a) Electronic Circuits Technology and b) Electronic Telecommunications Technology MSc Project: Design of a voltage/current programming for AMOLED display University of Ioannina Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Physics Grade 6.67 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2014 Activities and Societies: The Department of Physics was founded in 1970, concurrently with the establishment of the School of Physics-Mathematics and the commencement of the operations of the University of Ioannina as a higher education Institution. The Department is currently housed in buildings Φ2 and Φ3, located in the western side of the Uviversity campus, which is about 4 km away from downtown Ioannina. The undergraduate Studies Programme has a duration of 4 years and leads to a Physics Diploma. The programme contains 30 core courses covering the basics of the field, as well as 60 optional courses covering a plethora of specialized topics. The Department also offers the possibility of postgraduate studies, covering a wide range of areas, by providing 5 programmes of postgraduate studies leading to a MSc or a PhD degree.The Department puts special emphasis on the use of new technologies in teaching and for this reason a large fraction of its courses are available on-line. Moreover, it has institutionalized a continuous evaluation of the teaching and research activities of its members. Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics See 18 endorsements for Electronics 18 Electronics Ioannis Bougas and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C++ See 10 endorsements for C++ 10 C++ Ioannis Bougas and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 9 endorsements for Matlab 9 Matlab Ioannis Bougas and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Tania vosniadou Psychologist-psychotherapist, dr. April 15, 2015, Tania reported directly to Panagiotis Panayotis, although very young, is already a highly skilled electronics scientist. And it is only the beginning. I happen to know very well indeed how clever and deeply involved he is with his craft. I highly recommend Panayotis. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Panagiotis has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English German Greek Panagiotis has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (ieee) Interests Leadership & Management 24,847,995 followers Careers: Getting Started 4,327,322 followers Marketing & Advertising 14,745,091 followers AMD 159,587 followers BETA CAE Systems 3,611 followers Texas Instruments 231,519 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dan has a account Dan Miner Director Broadcast Systems at DirecTV DirecTV Santa Clara University Greater Los Angeles Area 431 431 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Previous Employers include:Cisco SystemsReplayTVCompression Labs (CLI) which was bought by GI (now Motorola)Cohesive NetworksDatacopyLockheed Highlights Experience Director Broadcast Systems Company Name DirecTV Hardware development Manager Company Name Cisco Systems Dates Employed Feb 2000 – Mar 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Hardware mananger of the cable video over IP group Consultant Company Name ReplayTV Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Feb 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Manager Systems Engineering Company Name Compression Labs (CLI)/GI Dates Employed 1991 – 1999 Employment Duration 8 yrs Hardware Engineer Company Name Cohesive Network Dates Employed 1988 – 1991 Employment Duration 3 yrs See more positions Education Santa Clara University Wilkes University Degree Name BSEE Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (5) You haven’t received any recommendations Art Manansala Senior QA Manager, Hardware and Software Development October 10, 2013, Dan managed Art directly Art is a very accomplished MPEG transport stream engineer, as well as networking engineer. I hired and managed Art at CLI, and later worked with Art as a pier at Cisco Systems. Art is very smart, organized manager, with many years experience in MPEG transport streams, and networks. I've been trying to hire Art as Director of systems engineering at DIRECTV, but can't get him to relocate to southern CA. Cheryl Feingold Global Human Resource Leader April 26, 2012, Dan worked with Cheryl but at different companies Cheryl is a trusted business partner, with very impressive connections and resources throughout the broadcast industry. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests DIRECTV 111,764 followers Wilkes University 17,467 followers Santa Clara University 73,586 followers Pulse 1,535,171 followers Wilkes University 17,959 followers Santa Clara University 75,713 followers
More Actions Judah has a account Judah Adejare Director, Sunrise Computer Engineering Services Limited Sunrise Computer Engineering Services Limited LADOKE AKINTOLA UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY, OGBOMOSO Nigeria 6 6 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience IT Consultant, Network & Hardware Engineer Company Name Sunrise Computer Engineering Services Limited Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Education LADOKE AKINTOLA UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY, OGBOMOSO Degree Name B.TECH Field Of Study COMPUTER SCIENCE & ENGINEERING Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests DRC Computer 1,979 followers Pulse 1,535,172 followers Cisco 1,440,189 followers Cosmical Technology 4,956 followers CHI Engineering Services, Inc. 595 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,441 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ralph has a account Ralph Lange Pr. Hardware Engineer at Check Point Software Technologies Check Point Software Technologies Boston University Greater Boston Area 134 134 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Check Point Software Technologies Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 2 mos Computer Systems designer for Security Appliances, utilizing Intel CPUs and Network Processors Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Nokia Dates Employed May 1997 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 12 yrs Developed custom Intel based appliances for Checkpoint Firewall and VPN Application SW. HW Technical Lead for IP560, IP1260/1220, IP2450/1280 products. HW Developer for IP Access Node products Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Raytheon Dates Employed Aug 1986 – May 1997 Employment Duration 10 yrs 10 mos HW Developer for Mil-Spec computers based on Digital main frame and workstation computers Education Boston University Degree Name MSCE Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1995 Rochester Institute of Technology Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1986 Greece Athena High School Degree Name HS Diplome Field Of Study Math, Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1981 Skills System Architecture System Architecture Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Hardware Computer Hardware Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems Embedded Systems Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Development Hardware Development Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Shelley Gullotti Organizational Development Manager at Akamai Technologies May 7, 2014, Shelley worked with Ralph in the same group Shelley and I worked together on a project of high importance and visibility to the management team at Grace Chapel. Shelley led the engagement sessions for new and existing members, to appreciate their particular strengths using Myers Briggs (MBTI), and then to think about how to apply these gifts to the various initiatives taking place at Grace. It was a terrific program, extremely well received, and enabled members to give back at Grace which is the leadership model. Shelley is seasoned HR executive, very creative and collaborative, with a strategic mindset. She is an excellent communicator and helped the team accomplish our mission. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,173 followers Boston University 279,189 followers Rochester Institute of Technology 125,048 followers Boston University 266,380 followers Check Point Software Technologies, Ltd. 51,489 followers Rochester Institute of Technology 119,833 followers
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Moran Principal Hardware Engineer at Calix Networks Calix Dublin City University Greater Seattle Area 266 266 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Hardware Engineer with a passionate interest in FPGA design and contemporary technology. SPECIALTIES: - High performance FPGA development (Xilinx and Altera)- ASIC Design- System Architecture Analysis- Data Telecommunications- PON Networks- 3rd Party IP Evaluation and Integration- Device Evaluation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Paul’s Activity 269 followers Four Lawrence Livermore scientists named Distinguished Members of Technical Staff Paul commented See all activity Experience Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Calix Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Location Seattle, WA Key member of the development team which designs and implements the core pieces of IP technology that powers the current and future generations of products in the Calix portfolio. Responsibilities included mapping scheduling algorithms, which were plagued by latency issues into a hardware FPGA based design, design of an ITU-T G.989 compliant 10G NG-PON2 OLT MAC, and feature enhancements to an existing ITU-T G.984 2.4/1.2G GPON OLT MAC. Designs target both Altera (Stratix II/IV GX) and Xilinx (Kintex-7, Uktrascale) FPGAs. Senior FPGA Hardware Engineer Company Name Occam Networks (Acquired by Calix) Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Fremont, CA Acquisition related projects included leading the architecture, feature enhancement and integration of Terawave’s OLT MAC FPGA design into Occam’s suite of products. Enhanced the functionality of the imported design to meet Occam system requirements and brought the final product through all phases of PON system testing before customer release. All designs targeted Altera (Stratix III) FPGAs. Senior ASIC/FPGA Hardware Engineer Company Name Terawave Communications (Acquired by Occam Networks) Dates Employed Oct 2000 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 7 yrs 1 mo Location Petaluma, CA Part of a two-person team that designed an ITU G.984 compliant GPON OLT/ONT MAC, which served as the company's core piece of IP. Responsible for integrating this core into numerous FPGA based products and adding/designing support modules as required. Ported the core piece of IP across to two companies for SOC design, and added new functionality to merge with customer's architecture. Developed a Burst Mode CDR PHY ASIC in partnership with K-Micro and managed all deliverables, which included chip architecture, pin-out, module design, synthesis, timing analysis and lab evaluation of silicon. Key member of the ASIC team that designed and developed the company's APON/BPON suite of ASICs. ASIC Hardware Engineer Company Name S3 Group Dates Employed Sep 1996 – Oct 2000 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Dublin, Ireland Module level design, simulation, top level integration, synthesis and silicon evaluation of the industry's first ITU-T G.983 standards compliant APON ONT ASIC. Designed, simulated and synthesized digital blocks for a high performance, low powered MIPS based single-chip communication and television controller. Education Dublin City University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.Eng.) Field Of Study Electronic Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Verilog See 14 endorsements for Verilog 14 Verilog Endorsed by 4 of Paul’s colleagues at Calix Click and drag to reorder skills FPGA See 14 endorsements for FPGA 14 FPGA Ed Sokolowski and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills VHDL See 9 endorsements for VHDL 9 VHDL Endorsed by 5 of Paul’s colleagues at Calix Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,174 followers Semiconductor - VLSI 30,324 members ASIC, FPGA, SoC Engineers 49,460 members FierceTelecom 2,113 members GPON and FTTP Experts Group 6,141 members Irish Network Seattle 266 members See all See all following
More Actions Eyal has a account Eyal Hoshen Engineering Projects Manager at Winbond Nuvoton Bar-Ilan University Herzliya Area, Israel 303 303 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Engineering Projects (Programs) Manager; Conducted engineering development projects, from definition stage, develoment to mass production, including the management of a budget of millions of dollars for each project, at various stages of product life cycle, for Embedded Controller chips and SuperI/O chips, for Notebooks, Desktop PCs; Before this - Porject manager in the chip design department - managed SIO project for servers; Previously - Chip Design Team Manager - Managed groups of 5-15 hardware engineers in various areas, such as video processor components, IA (Information Appliance), DV (Design Verification); Before this - Digital Hardware Chip Designer - Developed components - Advanced I/O chips & AC97 module for PCs; Previously - Tadiran Communications and Systems - Digital Hardware Engineer in the department for wireless communications development.US patent holderSpecialties: Senior projects (programs) manager See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Engineering projects manager Company Name Nuvoton Dates Employed 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs Engineering Projects Manager Company Name Winbond Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 5 mos 2003 – 2008: Engineering Project (Program) Manager Managing up to five engineering development projects simultaneously, including the management of a budget of millions of dollars for each project, at various stages of product life cycle, for the following: Embedded Controller chips and SuperI/O chips, for Notebooks, Desktop PCs and Servers.My duties included:• Responsibility for staff and development managers from different areas of knowledge---architecture, hardware engineers, software engineers, applications, validation, testing and production.• Preparation, authorization and supervision of work programs.• Managing large budgets in the region of millions of dollars.• Managing risks for the project.• Accompanying the product from the definition stage, through development, and until the mass production of VLSI chips, amounting to sales of millions of components per year Engineering Projects Manager at Winbond Company Name Winbond Dates Employed 1996 – 2008 Employment Duration 12 yrs Chip design team leader Company Name National Semiconductor Dates Employed 2000 – 2005 Employment Duration 5 yrs Developed and managed the SIO project for servers - managing 10 development engineers (DV and Chip Design).Managed groups of 5-15 hardware engineers in various areas, such as video processor components, IA (Information Appliance), DV (Design Verification). Chip design team leader Company Name National Semiconductor Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Jan 2003 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Managed groups of 5-15 hardware engineers in various areas, such as video processor components, IA (Information Appliance), DV (Design Verification).Developed components - Advanced I/O chips for PCs.Developed component AC97, compiling the characteristics encoding in Verilog and testing the planning.US patent holder in the field of digital circuits. See more positions Education Bar-Ilan University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study 2nd degree in Business Management, majoring in Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Tel Aviv University Degree Name Bsc. Field Of Study Electronic & Electrical engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (4) Given (1) Erez Naory Vice President Client marketing - USA region at Nuvoton Technology Israel Ltd December 7, 2008, Erez managed Eyal directly Eyal is a well skilled highly motivayed project manager. He excels in managing multiple tasks, in orderly fashion, with the right priority and on time. In his role at our company, he managed a few multidisciplinary projects which he successfully brought to production.Eyal is aware of both tech aspects as well as managerial/business aspects, hence apply the right solving methos to the problem. He also, in his way, knows to overcome multipfunctional barriers and get everyone to support him Avishay Dan Graitzer VP Strategic Marketing at NK Medical group December 4, 2008, Avishay Dan was senior to Eyal but didn’t manage directly Eyal was employed by our company from 1996 (National Semiconductor) till 2008 (Nuvoton Israel).During the last 3 years Eyal was the Engineering Project Manager of the Notebooks Embedded Controller business organization and was an active member of the product line leading team. During this time Eyal have managed few successful projects, his capabilities for driving and facilitate the engineering team and controlling the program budget have provided a significant contribution to the success of the business. Eyal in his special charming personality and proven dedication, abilities & high work ethics managed to maintain high working quality thru an execution and completion of several projects tasks from product definition to mass production delivered to the satisfaction of our customers. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Ronen Laviv Account manager at Cadence Design Systems March 4, 2008, Eyal managed Ronen directly I was Ronen's direct manager for a couple of years.Ronen has been a dedicated worker and a very professional employee.Under my supervision, Ronen was an appreciated & recognized design team member. He actively participated in all front-end and back-end design activities, such as: modules design, synthesis scripts, static timing analysis, ATPG, compare design, Power rules checks and more. Ronen ran full physical synthesis flow and handled ECOs, FIBs design and debug. His excellent work contributed to various products development. Ronen had accompanied me to India (Bangalore) in order to learn and to import major design part of a considerably large chip - Graphic Accelerator and TV Encoder. During that mission and further on Ronen handled different TV Encoder design, and design verification tasks in a professional manner. To conclude, I would like to specifically praise two of Ronen's benefits - his excellent personality and professionalism. It was a pleasure working with him. Sincerely, Eyal Hoshen Accomplishments Interests Search & Find Sales, Marketing Job in Israel 10,316 members Job Networking in Israel 70,530 members Alumni of Camp Rising Sun 660 members Developers Network in Israel 17,075 members Tel Aviv University Alumni 13,935 members Tel Aviv University 102,947 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Zollinger Senior Software Engineer at iVolve iVolve Industrial Technology University of Warwick Brisbane, Australia 314 314 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Software and Systems Engineer in a wide variety of business fields. Particularly interested in embedded and control automation systems. Always interested in green field deployments, especially international.Specialties: Embedded and Realtime Control Systems, Engineering Customer Solutions, Support Solutions See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Daniel’s Activity 313 followers RDO Equipment partners with iVolve on mining equipment fleet management Daniel liked How We Make UX in Haulage a Great Experience Daniel liked See all activity Experience Senior Software Engineer Company Name iVolve Industrial Technology Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Brisbane, Australia Firmware Design Engineer Company Name EDMI Limited Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Brisbane, Australia Senior Hardware / Embedded Engineer Company Name Blackhawk Tracking Systems Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Penrose, Auckland, New Zealand Software Engineer Company Name Blue Electronics Pty Ltd Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Capalaba, Queensland, Australia Embedded engineeering Firmware & Hardware Engineer Company Name Elster Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos My role entails:• designing and developing firmware and hardware specifications• designing, developing and troubleshooting firmware and hardware• developing firmware/hardware prototypes/models• analyzing operating systems and software programs to confirm to standards and design requirements• conducting and participating in design reviews• developing planning and performance processes to insure a timely release• performing maintenance programming functions for developed products.• generating test specifications and defining test elements and procedures• preparing installation, operation, and maintenance specifications and instructions.• interfacing with third party vendors and customers• assessing time scales, risks, and barriers for project completion• working in an international team See more positions Education University of Warwick Degree Name BSc(Hons) Field Of Study Engineering Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Software Development See 37 endorsements for Software Development 37 Software Development Chris Mylonas and 36 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 22 endorsements for Embedded Systems 22 Embedded Systems Brett Ewart and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Linux See 20 endorsements for Linux 20 Linux Chris Mylonas and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (2) Peter Yard Technical Writer July 3, 2008, Peter worked with Daniel in different groups I found Daniel to be both friendly and highly competent. He had good ideas, knew his way around networks but also capable of varied programming tasks. Although I was not in his group my role required close interaction with Daniel and his group, this gave me an opportunity to see him in action. He is both skilled and versatile. Taufiq Hoven Senior Software Engineer at MasterCard December 2, 2007, Taufiq worked with Daniel in different groups Daniel has been very helpful in providing support for setting up and maintaining environments and virtual machines. He has shown himself to be very enthusiastic and capable in his assistance, and has demonstrated quite a breadth of knowledge that extends across different operating systems, software packages and hardware systems. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Paul Leonard Senior Support Analyst October 29, 2007, Daniel reported directly to Paul Paul is a great manager to work for. He is competent with dealing with the customers and with us his team. He has a broad technical knowledge and successfully applies it to support issues even when the trail of bread crumbs is thin. Taufiq Hoven Senior Software Engineer at MasterCard October 28, 2007, Daniel worked with Taufiq in different groups Taufiq is a flexible worker with all-round skills in IT and software development. I worked with him on a number of tasks including the setting up of virtualized Java (JBoss) based integration test environments and found him really good to work with and competent. Accomplishments Daniel has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French German Japanese Interests Blackhawk Tracking Systems 223 followers Datamatic, Inc. 446 followers University of Warwick 120,578 followers EDMI Limited 3,489 followers Pulse 1,535,174 followers The Australian 166,834 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ralph has a account Ralph Lange Pr. Hardware Engineer at Check Point Software Technologies Check Point Software Technologies Boston University Greater Boston Area 134 134 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Check Point Software Technologies Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 2 mos Computer Systems designer for Security Appliances, utilizing Intel CPUs and Network Processors Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Nokia Dates Employed May 1997 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 12 yrs Developed custom Intel based appliances for Checkpoint Firewall and VPN Application SW. HW Technical Lead for IP560, IP1260/1220, IP2450/1280 products. HW Developer for IP Access Node products Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Raytheon Dates Employed Aug 1986 – May 1997 Employment Duration 10 yrs 10 mos HW Developer for Mil-Spec computers based on Digital main frame and workstation computers Education Boston University Degree Name MSCE Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1995 Rochester Institute of Technology Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1981 – 1986 Greece Athena High School Degree Name HS Diplome Field Of Study Math, Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1976 – 1981 Skills System Architecture System Architecture Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Hardware Computer Hardware Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems Embedded Systems Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Development Hardware Development Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Shelley Gullotti Organizational Development Manager at Akamai Technologies May 7, 2014, Shelley worked with Ralph in the same group Shelley and I worked together on a project of high importance and visibility to the management team at Grace Chapel. Shelley led the engagement sessions for new and existing members, to appreciate their particular strengths using Myers Briggs (MBTI), and then to think about how to apply these gifts to the various initiatives taking place at Grace. It was a terrific program, extremely well received, and enabled members to give back at Grace which is the leadership model. Shelley is seasoned HR executive, very creative and collaborative, with a strategic mindset. She is an excellent communicator and helped the team accomplish our mission. Accomplishments Interests Rochester Institute of Technology 119,833 followers Boston University 279,189 followers Pulse 1,535,174 followers Check Point Software Technologies, Ltd. 51,489 followers Boston University 266,380 followers Rochester Institute of Technology 125,048 followers
More Actions Joshua has a account Joshua Levy Audio Electronics Engineer Amazon Lab126 University of Florida San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Joshua Levy is a graduate with a bachelor's of applied science degree in electrical engineering from the University of Florida, where he studied primarily analog electronics and audio engineering. His work as a student landed him in San Francisco, working at a startup-company called Aether Things Inc. as an electrical and acoustic engineer, helping design, research, and test the entire audio pipeline in the revolutionary 'Cone'​ product (more information found below). The past three years has taught Joshua the crucial skills to adequately aid Amazon in the design and test validation process of the product development here at Lab126, and he's very excited to start working across all teams that may need help with audio/acoustics. Please feel free to contact Joshua at joshua.seth.levy@gmail.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Joshua’s Activity 735 followers 2 HOURS! Please DONATE HERE: Joshua shared this Click here to support Leukemia & Lymphoma Fundraiser organized by Joshua Levy Joshua shared this See all activity Experience Audio Engineer Company Name Amazon Lab126 Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Sunnyvale, California Audio design and engineer across the entire family Amazon products. Working with a cross-functional team of engineers that scope software, firmware, and mechanical aspects of electronics, Joshua's expertise with audio facilitates the development and manufacturing of Amazon's consumer electronics while using tools such as Ares, SoundCheck, and Audio Precision, . Media (5) This position has 5 media Previous Next Introducing Amazon Echo Introducing Amazon Echo This media is a video Introducing Amazon Tap Introducing Amazon Tap This media is a video Amazon Fire HD Tablets - Built for Durability Amazon Fire HD Tablets - Built for Durability This media is a video Introducing Echo Dot Introducing Echo Dot This media is a video Gary Busey Meets Amazon Fire TV with voice search that actually works. Gary Busey Meets Amazon Fire TV with voice search that actually works. This media is a video Electroacoustic + Hardware Engineer Company Name Aether Things Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location San Francisco Electroacoustic and hardware design engineer, working along side a capable team of mechanical, software, and design engineers in collaboration to develop a new, and very useful product. Skills collaborating with Asian manufacturers, as well as cohesive working relationships with colleagues of all experience levels. Media (2) This position has 2 media Aether Cone Aether Cone This media is a video Aether Cone - The Thinking Music Player Aether Cone - The Thinking Music Player This media is a video Treasurer & Co-Founder Company Name Audio Engineering Society Dates Employed Aug 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 10 mos - Submit annual budget reports to student government - Request funding from various organizations to fund the means of the organization- Various recordings of local performances around Gainesville, Florida Media (2) This position has 2 media 2012 AES Student Design Competition Gold Award 2012 AES Student Design Competition Gold Award This media is an image AES Student Design Competition AES Student Design Competition This media is a link Broadcasting Agent Company Name Gator Amateur Radio Club Dates Employed Jan 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos - Organized a group of thirty members to establish the Audio Engineering Society at University of Florida- Actively recruit new members to the society- Hold weekly recording sessions for members of the society to collaborate with one another- Participate in speaking with International broadcasting enthusiasts through the radio tower at UF Media (1) This position has 1 media Martin, KK4TZV, Operating from W4DFU for the ARRL School Club Roundup Martin, KK4TZV, Operating from W4DFU for the ARRL School Club Roundup This media is a video Contractor Company Name Circuit Werkes Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos - Soldered electrical components for broadcasting and industrial users- Worked with programs such as LTSPICE and MATLAB in order to implement circuit designs - Communicated ideas to the design team by developing clearly stated reports to ensure product reliability. See more positions Education University of Florida Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Audio Engineering Society Treasurer (2011) IEEE Member (2007-2012) Club Baseball Captain (2008-2012) Relevant Courses: Microprocessors Programming using C Communications Bipolar Analog Devices Skills from Coursework: Gained understanding of discrete parts of operational amplifiers, commonly used in analog circuitry. Access to equipment developed familiarity with oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers, power supplies, and function generators. Applied self-reliance techniques to create own projects and ideas such as my senior design project. University of Florida Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analog Circuit Design See 20 endorsements for Analog Circuit Design 20 Analog Circuit Design Endorsed by 4 of Joshua’s colleagues at Aether Things Click and drag to reorder skills Electrical Engineering See 17 endorsements for Electrical Engineering 17 Electrical Engineering Endorsed by 5 of Joshua’s colleagues at Aether Things Click and drag to reorder skills PCB design See 16 endorsements for PCB design 16 PCB design Endorsed by Tony Barnes, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (3) Dave S Desrochers Founder of intercreate April 11, 2015, Joshua worked with Dave S in the same group I've had the pleasure of working with Josh at Aether Things for over 2 1/2 years, mostly related to manufacturing. He successfully implemented and supported audio testing on our CM's manufacturing line for every hardware iteration of Cone. More generally, Josh is eager to learn and is always willing to go outside of his comfort zone if needed. Overall great guy! Andrew Deagon design and engineering with purpose April 8, 2015, Andrew worked with Joshua in different groups I had the pleasure of working with Josh at Aether Things (formerly Morse Project). Josh and I began working there at the very early conceptual stage of the product. While there, I watched Josh grow as an early engineer -- taking initiative to learn everything there is to know around audio engineering. He pushed people to give him work and didn't hesitate to ask questions when he didn't know all the answers.While there Josh was in charge of all acoustic testing (under the guidance of his mentor Christopher Struck) -- including SPL studies, frequency response results, acoustic-mechanical design guidance, rub and buzz studies, etc. Josh was the main contributor to developing Aether's audio lab which included a full anechoic chamber, all necessary audio equipment and Soundcheck software. What is more is Josh's ability to build outside of the typical work day. Josh and I would brainstorm ideas we believed Aether should work on. We would then work post work and weekends to develop these ideas together. This allowed us to build skill sets we desired but maybe weren't developing directly in our everyday work load. Josh is a great engineer to work with and comes with an enthusiasm and practical optimism which brings energy to the team. I fully endorse Josh in any technical endeavors, especially those requiring acoustic development. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Jordan Ganim Logistics at ABX Engineering November 3, 2016, Joshua managed Jordan directly At Aether, Jordan's excitement on a day to day basis was a shot in the arm to all of us at the office. He continuously sought out new tasks and topics to learn and consistently lends a helping hand wherever possible. I had a great relationship with Jordan, and would welcome an opportunity to work with him again, as the energy and great attitude he brings to the office environment motivates me work and feel my best. Michael Poimboeuf Product Development Executive April 7, 2015, Joshua reported directly to Michael I worked under Michael for a year, and could not fathom how he understood so many aspects to the product design process. From the electric domain to the acoustic domain, through all stages starting from early prototypes and going to mass production, his experience proved invaluable during the successful development and shipment of the Aether Cone. One of the most rewarding colleagues I've had the pleasure of working with, since he exposed me to the meticulous process of uniting and motivating a cross-functional team and create a fun, while simultaneously effective environment. Michael would be an enormous asset to any team, and I jump at the chance to work with Michael again. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Joshua has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses Bipolar Junction Transistors Digital Logic Microprocessor Applications Senior Design Joshua has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Student Design Competition Gold Award Joshua has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Joshua has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Audio Engineering Society Joshua has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project J&J Mic Pre Interests Pulse 1,535,174 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,473 followers RF, Analog and Mixed-Signal IC Design Engineering 25,007 members SemiconductorJobs.com Group 52,225 members Institute Of Acoustics 12,136 members Electronic hardware/software(firmware) designers(CHIPRIGHT.COM Sponsors this group) 26,920 members See all See all following
More Actions jürgen has a account jürgen schuhmacher Bild- und Signalverarbeitungselektronik mit FPGAs JS Ingenieurbüro für Signal- und Bildverarbeitung Universität Siegen Frankfurt Am Main Area, Germany 23 23 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am looking for projects regarding algorithm design and research in the field of measurement, optics and physics with MATLAB / Simulink and Implementation into FPGAs and MCUs on electronic circuit boards (PCB).Recent projects in the latest 7 years:Videosignalprocessing, Automotive-Test-Equipment, Camera and Sensor Electronics, Video Data Processing & Surgery Microscopes, X-RAY 3D Imaging, Image Recognition & Software Defined Radio, Laser & Optics, Radar & Video, Flight Control, Magnetic Resonance Imaging, Oncology / Beam Accelerator, Precision Angle Measurement, Blood Gas AnalysisProfile:FPGA, MATLAB, Simulink, System Generator, ModelSIM, QUARTUS, Xilinx, Altera, Medical Devices, Image Sensors, Signal Processing, Mathematics, Modelling, Requirement Engineering, Supplier Management, Pattern Recognition, Image Processing, 2D-image optimization, Sensor Data Aquisition, See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} jürgen’s Activity 24 followers Visit our booth Wieland Electric on Hall 9 Booth F69 for our safety solutions. www.wieland-electric.com jürgen liked See all activity Experience self employed consultant for electronics, signal processing and FPGA for audio, medical and defense Company Name JS Ingenieurbüro für Signal- und Bildverarbeitung Dates Employed Jul 2004 – Present Employment Duration 12 yrs 11 mos Location hesse, germany development of hardware and firmware for electronic components in the field of medical devices and defence industry as well as audio including formal requirement engineering, project management and realization. experiences in austria, switzerland and francerecent projects: surgery microscopes, dental imaging, radar processing, sensor imaging, laser based flight control, cavity control, oncology, precision optics, angle meassurement, blood gas processing, in vitro diagnostics, particle beam accelerator, hand held devices, whole blood processing, touchless measurement, Audio Development and Mobile Recording Studio Company Name Tonstudio und Audioproduktionen Dates Employed 1993 – Present Employment Duration 24 yrs Location hesse Audio Algorithms, Audio Recording, Mastering, Music Recording, Music Composition Media (1) This position has 1 media animation of a rotary encoder with a multi colour led display animation of a rotary encoder with a multi colour led display This media is a video Project Electronics for Microsurgery Microscopes Company Name Medical Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location BW Project DSP-FPGA Company Name Automotive Testing Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Darmstadt Area, Germany FPGA und DSP, EMIF Project "Image and Signalprocessing" Company Name Consumer Dates Employed 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Germany FPGA + Electronic Development See more positions Education Universität Siegen Degree Name Dipl-Ing. Elektrotechnik Field Of Study Technische Signalverarbeitung Elektrotechnik und Informatik Media (1) This position has 1 media Alumniverbund der Universität Siegen - Das Kontakt-Netzwerk | Alumniverbund Alumniverbund der Universität Siegen - Das Kontakt-Netzwerk | Alumniverbund This media is a link Skills Physical Modeling Physical Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Mathematical Modeling Mathematical Modeling Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Electronics Digital Electronics Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems Embedded Systems Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments jürgen has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications Dipl.-Ing. Elektrotechnik - Technische Datenverarbeitung Diplomarbeit Studienarbeit jürgen has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Deutsch Englisch Französisch jürgen has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects "close to analog" FPGA-based virtual analog drumcomputer with 768kHz sample rate signal processing FPGA Music Synthesizer Audio Workstation jürgen has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Patent EP2068436 Professional Recording - Sound für Profis jürgen has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course English jürgen has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization VDE jürgen has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent stall detection Interests Signal Processing 7,766 members EXPERTS IN DATACOM, EMBEDDED LINUX AND FPGA DESIGN 1,203 members Nubert Electronic GmbH 31 followers MBDA 36,245 followers Camera module 1,238 members Signal Processing Design 5,296 members See all See all following
More Actions Liang has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Liang Li Hardware Engineer at Cisco Systems Cisco Systems Missouri University of Science and Technology (formerly UMR) San Jose, California 253 253 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Cisco Systems Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location San Jose Signal IntegrityPower Integrity Graduate Research Assistant-EMC Lab Company Name MS&T Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Signal IntegrityPower IntegrityPDNRFI Intern Company Name Cisco Systems Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 6 mos Location San Jose Signal IntegrityPower IntegritySerDes characterizationHigh-speed board debugPLL clock generator evaluation Education Missouri University of Science and Technology (formerly UMR) Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Grade 3.9/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: EMC Lab Featured Skills & Endorsements Spectrum Analyzer See 10 endorsements for Spectrum Analyzer 10 Spectrum Analyzer Wei Huang and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 3 endorsements for Matlab 3 Matlab Giuseppe Selli and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PLL See 2 endorsements for PLL 2 PLL Peng Shao and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cisco 1,440,191 followers Pulse 1,535,175 followers
More Actions Daniel has a account Daniel Zollinger Senior Software Engineer at iVolve iVolve Industrial Technology University of Warwick Brisbane, Australia 314 314 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Software and Systems Engineer in a wide variety of business fields. Particularly interested in embedded and control automation systems. Always interested in green field deployments, especially international.Specialties: Embedded and Realtime Control Systems, Engineering Customer Solutions, Support Solutions See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Daniel’s Activity 313 followers RDO Equipment partners with iVolve on mining equipment fleet management Daniel liked How We Make UX in Haulage a Great Experience Daniel liked See all activity Experience Senior Software Engineer Company Name iVolve Industrial Technology Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Brisbane, Australia Firmware Design Engineer Company Name EDMI Limited Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Brisbane, Australia Senior Hardware / Embedded Engineer Company Name Blackhawk Tracking Systems Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Penrose, Auckland, New Zealand Software Engineer Company Name Blue Electronics Pty Ltd Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Capalaba, Queensland, Australia Embedded engineeering Firmware & Hardware Engineer Company Name Elster Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos My role entails:• designing and developing firmware and hardware specifications• designing, developing and troubleshooting firmware and hardware• developing firmware/hardware prototypes/models• analyzing operating systems and software programs to confirm to standards and design requirements• conducting and participating in design reviews• developing planning and performance processes to insure a timely release• performing maintenance programming functions for developed products.• generating test specifications and defining test elements and procedures• preparing installation, operation, and maintenance specifications and instructions.• interfacing with third party vendors and customers• assessing time scales, risks, and barriers for project completion• working in an international team See more positions Education University of Warwick Degree Name BSc(Hons) Field Of Study Engineering Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Software Development See 37 endorsements for Software Development 37 Software Development Chris Mylonas and 36 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 22 endorsements for Embedded Systems 22 Embedded Systems Brett Ewart and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Linux See 20 endorsements for Linux 20 Linux Chris Mylonas and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (2) Peter Yard Technical Writer July 3, 2008, Peter worked with Daniel in different groups I found Daniel to be both friendly and highly competent. He had good ideas, knew his way around networks but also capable of varied programming tasks. Although I was not in his group my role required close interaction with Daniel and his group, this gave me an opportunity to see him in action. He is both skilled and versatile. Taufiq Hoven Senior Software Engineer at MasterCard December 2, 2007, Taufiq worked with Daniel in different groups Daniel has been very helpful in providing support for setting up and maintaining environments and virtual machines. He has shown himself to be very enthusiastic and capable in his assistance, and has demonstrated quite a breadth of knowledge that extends across different operating systems, software packages and hardware systems. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Paul Leonard Senior Support Analyst October 29, 2007, Daniel reported directly to Paul Paul is a great manager to work for. He is competent with dealing with the customers and with us his team. He has a broad technical knowledge and successfully applies it to support issues even when the trail of bread crumbs is thin. Taufiq Hoven Senior Software Engineer at MasterCard October 28, 2007, Daniel worked with Taufiq in different groups Taufiq is a flexible worker with all-round skills in IT and software development. I worked with him on a number of tasks including the setting up of virtualized Java (JBoss) based integration test environments and found him really good to work with and competent. Accomplishments Daniel has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French German Japanese Interests Smart Energy 2,445 members Embedded Systems Group 56,272 members Blackhawk Tracking Systems 223 followers The Australian 166,835 followers University of Warwick 120,578 followers Telstra Wholesale 6,603 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tom has a account Tom Pham hardware at cyan Cyan, Inc. Missouri University of Science and Technology San Francisco Bay Area 145 145 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Cyan, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 8 mos Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Cyan, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 8 mos Hardware Engineering Manager Company Name Calix Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Calix Dates Employed Sep 2000 – Sep 2006 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Hewlett-Packard Dates Employed Oct 1994 – Sep 2000 Employment Duration 6 yrs See more positions Education Missouri University of Science and Technology Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Ethernet See 11 endorsements for Ethernet 11 Ethernet Stephane Paquet and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Telecommunications See 8 endorsements for Telecommunications 8 Telecommunications Bill Pham and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 7 endorsements for Embedded Systems 7 Embedded Systems Matt Smith and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Andre Tanguay VP Product Development at Cyan August 3, 2015, Andre managed Tom directly I have worked with Tom for over 10 years and regard Tom as an extremely talented individual. Tom is a dedicated, focused and self driven person who excels at designing complex and reliable high-speed boards. Tom brings an unmatched expertise in areas of signal integrity, packet switching, power supply, and CPU sub-system design. With this combination Tom has demonstrated the ability to take on projects of his own from the early architectural phase and all the way to production. I had the opportunity to work with Tom on various Broadcom, Freescale, and Intel based designs. Tom’s ability to evaluate chipsets capabilities and put together proposals has been a tremendous asset, often acting as a lead and influencing product line directions. Scott Pradels Vice President, Software at Ciena July 31, 2015, Scott managed Tom directly Tom is one of the top hardware engineers I have encountered in my career. After working with Tom for close to 8 years, I can say you would be hard-pressed to find a more diligent and hard working designer. His deep understanding of Ethernet, Processors, and high-speed design make him a key asset to any team building cutting edge networking hardware. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Tom has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent BATTERY CALIBRATION SYSTEM FOR DISCHARGING A RECHARGEABLE BATTERY AND GENERATING AN AC DETECTED SIGNAL TO POWER MANAGEMENT LOGIC TO MAINTAIN NORMAL COMPUTER OPERATION EVEN WHEN BATTERY IS BELOW CERTAIN LEVEL Interests ERG, Inc. 11,224 followers Optical Networking Group for Telecommunications 57,371 members VAF Virtual Access Forum 405 members Cisco 1,440,194 followers Missouri University of Science and Technology 44,504 followers Microsoft 3,687,225 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Olson R&D Engineering Manager at Sunshine Heart, Inc Sunshine Heart, Inc University of St. Thomas Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 428 428 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Research & Development Engineering Manager Company Name Sunshine Heart, Inc Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Eden Prairie, MN Senior Electrical Hardware Engineer Company Name Sunshine Heart, Inc Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Eden Prairie, MN Software Engineer Company Name Boston Scientific Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos Location St. Paul, MN Software Engineer Company Name Guidant Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Apr 2006 Employment Duration 4 mos Senior Electronics Technician Company Name Guidant Corporation Dates Employed Jul 1996 – Jan 2006 Employment Duration 9 yrs 7 mos See more positions Education University of St. Thomas Degree Name MS Field Of Study Software Engineering Concentration in Embedded Systems Metropolitan State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Science Cleveland Institute of Electronics Degree Name Graduate Field Of Study Electronics Technology Featured Skills & Endorsements Medical Devices See 38 endorsements for Medical Devices 38 Medical Devices Endorsed by Ronald W. Heil, Jr and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of David’s colleagues at Sunshine Heart, Inc Click and drag to reorder skills Biomedical Engineering See 34 endorsements for Biomedical Engineering 34 Biomedical Engineering Endorsed by Julio Spinelli and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of David’s colleagues at Sunshine Heart, Inc Click and drag to reorder skills Design Control See 30 endorsements for Design Control 30 Design Control Endorsed by Ronald W. Heil, Jr and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of David’s colleagues at Sunshine Heart, Inc Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Jim Murray Medical Device Operations Professional July 23, 2016, David worked with Jim in different groups Jim is one of those rare dynamos that gets things done thoroughly and on time. I had the privilege of working with him at Sunshine Heart and it was always reassuring to know he was a member of our team where his planning skills and attention to details could always be trusted. His knowledge and experience with manufacturing processes, supply chain management, and quality systems in the medical device industry is invaluable, especially in companies where everyone needs to wear multiple hats. Plus his sense of humor and ability to lighten the mood when the situation called for it was always appreciated. Jim would be a great addition to any team and easily gets my full recommendation. Accomplishments David has 7 patents 7 Expand patents section Patents Cardiac contraction detection using information indicative of lead motion Cardiac function monitor using information indicative of lead motion Cardiac mechanical vibration monitor using information indicative of lead motion Method and apparatus for disconnecting the tip electrode during MRI Restoring Autonomic Balance Rhythm discrimination using information indicative of lead motion Unwanted stimulation detection during cardiac pacing David has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Professional Project Manager (CPPM) Interests Harvard Business Review 4,099,220 followers Cleveland Institute of Electronics 2,781 followers Bruce KasanoffBruce Kasanoff is a LinkedIn Influencer Ghostwriter for thought leaders 589,197 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,854,515 followers Jack WelchJack Welch is a LinkedIn Influencer Executive Chairman, The Jack Welch Management Institute 5,425,427 followers Med Tech F2F Networking for TC Professionals 1,180 members See all See all following
More Actions Kevin has a account Kevin Mock Owner at SkySouth Aviation SkySouth Aviation North Carolina State University Burlington, North Carolina 21 21 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Owner Company Name SkySouth Aviation Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Present Employment Duration 14 yrs 5 mos Aircraft Charter and Management. Fixed Base Operator. C-130 Pilot Company Name NC Air National Guard Dates Employed Jul 1999 – Jul 2004 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Worldwide cargo pilot. Tours in Europe, Balkans, Middle East, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. Hardware Engineer Company Name BOPS Dates Employed Sep 1999 – Sep 2003 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo FPGA (Xilinx) hardware simulation designer C-130 Cargo Pilot Company Name US Air Force Dates Employed Jul 1994 – Jul 1999 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Pope Air Force Base, NC World-wide cargo pilot flying formation, airdrop, air assault. Instructor Pilot Company Name US Air Force Dates Employed Sep 1989 – Jul 1994 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location Reese Air Force Base, Lubbock, TX T-38 Supersonic Jet Trainer Instructor Pilot Education North Carolina State University Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1998 United States Air Force Academy Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1989 Featured Skills & Endorsements Entrepreneurship Entrepreneurship No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy Business Strategy No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Marketing Strategy Marketing Strategy No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests United States Air Force Academy 42,677 followers North Carolina State University 198,811 followers United States Air Force Academy 39,552 followers North Carolina State University 203,831 followers Pulse 1,535,177 followers
More Actions Bithika has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Bithika Das Hardware | Characterization Engineer and Post Silicon Validation Engineer Intel Corporation San Jose State University San Francisco Bay Area 205 205 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an accomplished validation engineer with hands-on experience in developing methodologies, testing, data analysis and debugging. Known for leadership, detail orientation and the ability to collaborate with teams and cross-functionally across the organization at multiple global sites. I enjoy the details involved in collecting data, deliver technical presentations to product designers for specification guidelines. I have in-depth expertise in digital circuit design, physical design methodology, timing analysis, CTS, Place & Route skills. Adept in Multi-Tasking  Mastery in post-silicon validation & characterization Outstanding Analytical Skills  Proficient in Board bring up, power on the chip  Flexible Team Player  Mastery in Verilog, Simulation, Synthesis, STA Verbal & Written Communication  Proficient in VLSI, Digital Design MethodologyTechnical SkillsHardware Equipment: J-BERT, Network-Analyzer, Spectrum Analyzer, High Speed Rack Switch, Signal Generator and Oscilloscope, Spectre Simulator.HDL Language: Verilog HDLOperating Systems: UNIX, Linux, WindowsScripting Language: TCL-TK, PythonPhysical-Design CAD tool: ICC, Design-Compiler, Cadence Custom-IC Design-Virtuoso, AllegroTiming-Analysis tool: Prime-Time Static Timing Analysis (STA)Verification Tool: VCS, ModelSim, NCverilog, RTL-Verification, ConformalData Analysis/Statistical Tool: JmpApplications: MS Office See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Product Development Engineer Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Santa Clara, CA Develop methodologies for silicon validation, characterization & compliance testing of high speed serial interfaces on Intel server productsGenerate plans and lead the characterization and silicon validation of High speed serial interfaces on Intel server productsDirect the development of test methodology and validation of Transmitter electrical characterization to the Base spec for 10G KR Ethernet on Intel 14nm server product.Develop test methodology & validate Receiver electrical characterization to the Base spec for Gen3 PCIE on Intel 14nm server product.Program in Python the Test-Program and validated to the Base Spec.Correlate validation results with per-silicon results collaborating with TX/RX Spec designersReduced Test time and improved test flow using Python for test cost reduction.Debug, Test, Trouble Shoot & Convert Design-Simulation vectors into product specific vectorsProduce product test plan, determine test spec by data analysis and represent test team to designers for setting up bench test for accurate device design Correlation.Debug, Analyze, Collect data on post silicon test procedures.Perform document validation/characterization results, debug process & methodologyPerform De¬-Embedding SerDes TX channel, Calibration for SerDes RX test Channel.Handle Pre­Silicon validation for bug findings and methodology testing before the silicon comes out.Lead on Board bring up & Power On for the latest server product and for station bring up, with readiness preparation before silicon shows up. Graphics Hardware Engineer,Structural Design Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed 2011 – 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Folsom,CA Performed physical design of media partitions of 1.0 Million gates including all phases from Synthesis to Final GDSII with 885 MHz with 14nm process technology.Executed Physical Synthesis (Synthesis to Place-&-Route to Timing-Closure) using DC and ICC tools from Synopsys, placement, clock tree synthesis, routing, timing closure, formal verification, physical verification and Signal integrity analysis.Analyzed the placement of cells, macros, units, metal routing in IC Compiler to improve routing and timing during APR flows.Implemented ECOs for Bug fixes, Timing Fixes, IR drop violations, Noise Violations and Caliber violationsIntensively exercised Timing analysis using Prime-Time Static Tool to close the timing for all corners. Successfully closed the target timing for each stepping.Performed functional/formal verification at unit level for RTL against post Place-&-Route netlist as well as Gate-to-Gate FV using Conformal tool. Debugged the critical failing units, prepared procedures to resolve the functionally Failing units and the Abort units. Serdes Validation Intern Company Name NetLogic Microsystems Dates Employed 2011 – 2011 Employment Duration less than a year Location Santa Clara  Involved in characterization of total jitter measurement (random jitter and deterministic jitter) using J-BERT Involved in validation for SerDes Far-End serial loop-back using J-BERT Analog Application Engineering Intern Company Name Maxim Integrated Products Dates Employed 2007 – 2007 Employment Duration less than a year Location Sunnyvale, CA Successfully tested new MAXIM products utilizing the MAXIM evaluation design kit for cable TV network.Verified RF immunity and provided detailed test reports based on the results after testing various Maxim products; documented several tests made.Developed and implemented testing methodology notes of Maxim product EV kit for the customers; performed laboratory measurements for clients. Education San Jose State University Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Electrical Engineering San Jose State University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements New Product Validation See 3 endorsements for New Product Validation 3 New Product Validation Endorsed by 2 of Bithika’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Device Characterization See 3 endorsements for Device Characterization 3 Device Characterization Endorsed by 2 of Bithika’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills ICC See 3 endorsements for ICC 3 ICC Endorsed by 2 of Bithika’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Abhi Gill CSM, Agile Business Analyst at Railinc Corp. September 8, 2011, Bithika and Abhi were students together I have known Abhinandan since I started my graduate studies at SJSU. She is a very enthusiastic and goal oriented person. As a team member, she plays a concrete role by being well organized, thoughtful and motivated. She always helps and shares her knowledge to team-mates to accomplish the task. She will be a valuable contributor to any company.I wish her a bright career in future. Accomplishments Interests Fossil Group, Inc. 84,003 followers Fairchild - now part of ON Semiconductor 25,313 followers Lumileds 38,280 followers Project Analog 6,991 members Microchip Technology Jobs and Opportunities 2,241 members ERG, Inc. 11,224 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jie has a account Jie Li Sr. Hardware Engineer NVIDIA Corp University of California, Berkeley San Francisco Bay Area 58 58 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Sr. Mixed-Signal Design Engineer Company Name NVIDIA Corp Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Present Employment Duration 18 yrs 5 mos Design lead for mixed signal IP in LPDDR3/DDR3L memory interface running at cutting edge speedSystem and architectural level planning - Developed and analyzed high speed clock distribution architecture at both chip and cell levels. Actively involved in interface budget analysis with break down in jitter, DCD, silicon timing and channel effect. Optimized power consumption at both system and cell design levels to achieve high performance per watt and cost effective design goals.Mixed Signal Circuit Design - Created LPDDR3/DDR3L I/O pad design specifications. Developed TX driver, pre-driver and core logic circuits that are optimized for high speed low leakage design. Developed in RX and DLL designs that supports scalability on power and performance. Library Timing & Design Verification/Modeling - Performed custom I/O pad design characterization and generated synopsys timing models. Joint effort with ASIC team to bring timing closure between pad and pad macro/core. Analyzed system bus signal integrity SSO, ISI, cross-talk and provided design solutions to improve performance. Delivered and maintained IBIS, verilog and encrypted netlist models.Layout Management - Provided supervision for mask designers on custom circuit layout as well as library cells layout. Carried out layout planning for various pads and guided package/P&R team to resolve chip level signal/power/ground connectivity and pad-ring placement issues.System bring-up effort and debugging - Involved extensively in system bring-up debug including scope waveform analysis, timing margin improvement and silicon vs design correlations. Coordinated debug support with customers and partners.Other Interface custom I/O pad design - Designed I/O pad transmitter and receiver for 2GHz SDDR, 1333MHz FSB and 1GHz HT interface. Designed video interface pads in first generation XBOX gaming consol processor. Developed 5v-tolerant and programmable drive impedance I/O design for I2C interface. Circuit Design Engineer Company Name VLSI Technology Inc Dates Employed Apr 1997 – Jan 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Implemented and delivered high performance I/O circuit design for PCI, USB, SSTL bus interface.Analyzed SSO effect and optimized design for noise reductionMaintained and improved existing designs in the library.Led mask layout designers and performed LVS and DRC design verification. Circuit Design Engineer Company Name Synopsys Inc Dates Employed Feb 1995 – Apr 1997 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Developed and Maintained I/O circuit design library for various interfaces.Automated library expansion process using SKILL code programming. Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name B.S. Degree Field Of Study Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements ASIC See 6 endorsements for ASIC 6 ASIC Yongxue Yu, PhD and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 3 endorsements for Verilog 3 Verilog Lorie Deng and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Debugging See 3 endorsements for Debugging 3 Debugging Jill Walton and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of California, Berkeley 498,422 followers University of California, Berkeley 521,269 followers Pulse 1,535,177 followers
More Actions Todd has a account Todd Calvin Principal Hardware Engineer at Oracle Oracle Purdue University Austin, Texas Area 400 400 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Austin, Texas Area Staff Design Engineer Company Name Samsung Austin R&D Center Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Senior Member of Technical Staff Company Name AMD Dates Employed May 1993 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 20 yrs 9 mos Location Austin, Texas Engineering Co-Op Company Name Stromberg-Carlson Dates Employed 1989 – 1992 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education Purdue University Degree Name BSCEE Field Of Study Electrical/Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Linda Battson Writer, Customer Specialist, Artist February 3, 2017, Todd was a client of Linda’s I met Linda while shopping for my first fountain pen at Paradise Pen Company. Linda is extremely knowledgable and took the time to help me find a pen that I love, sharing her passion for writing and letting me try a number of pens from her personal collection along the way. She is one of the most professional people I have ever dealt with in a retail setting. Linda sincerely cares about the product, but more importantly, about the people and builds lasting relationships with her customers; and she earned my business and trust as a result. Rajesh Saha Senior Member of Technical Staff at AMD September 19, 2012, Rajesh worked with Todd in the same group I worked with Rajesh on several cross-site projects related to SOC power EM/IR analysis. Rajesh is extremely competent with respect to his technical knowledge and has an incredible work ethic. He always demonstrated a willingness to help, a strong desire to learn and expand his knowledge base, and clearly communicated and documented findings and status. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Purdue University 300,068 followers Purdue University 308,084 followers AMD 159,587 followers Pulse 1,535,177 followers
More Actions David has a account David Cananzi Hardware Engineer Arista Networks, Inc. University of Waterloo Santa Clara, California 233 233 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Electrical EngineerExperience with all phases of product development from conception to high volume production. Able to architect designs, work with a multi-disciplinary team, and to bring a high-quality products to the market on schedule.Broad, and deep expertise with memory, Ethernet, CPUs and ASICs, boundary scan, microwaves, solid state physics, manufacturing, power systems, CAD systems, and simulation system. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Arista Networks, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Santa Clara, California Lead Engineer for DCS-7010T family of Ethernet switches Hardware Intern Company Name Arista Networks, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Santa Clara, California Fun stuff!10 Gigabit Ethernet, Verilog design and testing, and PCB design. Hardware Designer (Co-op) Company Name Tyco Safety Products Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Concord, Ontario RF, and analog design assistant for security products. Electrical Engineering Student Company Name MAN Diesel Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Oakville, Ontario Design medium and low voltage power distribution, generation, and protection for medium bore diesel engine power plants. Technical Student Company Name Toronto Hydro Dates Employed May 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Toronto, Ontario Toronto Hydro Electric System Ltd.Department - Distribution Grid Health See more positions Education University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Academic Representative, USRA with Prof. David Nairn, UW ASIC Team Featured Skills & Endorsements Electrical Engineering See 17 endorsements for Electrical Engineering 17 Electrical Engineering Endorsed by Dominic Cheng, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of David’s colleagues at Arista Networks Click and drag to reorder skills Analog Circuit Design See 12 endorsements for Analog Circuit Design 12 Analog Circuit Design Endorsed by 2 of David’s colleagues at Arista Networks Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 11 endorsements for Electronics 11 Electronics Endorsed by Chris Whitaker, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of David’s colleagues at Arista Networks Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Dean's Honour List Sir Sanford Fleming Award David has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Electrical Connection Mechanism for Reversible Fan Module Interests Pulse 1,535,177 followers University of Waterloo 179,471 followers University of Waterloo 172,034 followers Arista Networks 58,344 followers UWVelocity 1,211 members
More Actions Thomas has a account Thomas Norrie Hardware Engineer at Google Google California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo San Francisco Bay Area 117 117 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed May 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 1 mo Hardware Engineering Intern Company Name Google Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 4 mos Diagnostics Engineering Intern Company Name Apple Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Sep 2006 Employment Duration 4 mos Verification Engineering Intern Company Name IDT - Integrated Device Technology, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Sep 2005 Employment Duration 4 mos Java Developer Company Name CustomFlix Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Education California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo 135,022 followers California Polytechnic State University 129,179 followers California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo 137,105 followers Pulse 1,535,177 followers Google 4,871,387 followers
More Actions Boone has a account Boone Severson Hardware Engineer Cray Inc. University of Wisconsin-Madison Madison, Wisconsin Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent ASIC and FPGA pre- and post- silicon verification professional. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Boone’s Activity 566 followers Google turns Raspberry Pi into a dirt cheap Home competitor Boone liked See all activity Experience Director of Engineering Company Name Cray Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Madison, Wisconsin Area Building exciting stuff! Technical Lead Manager Company Name Google Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Madison, Wisconsin Area SystemVerilog/UVM Design Verification on the Google Tensor Processing Unit, announced at Google I/O on May 18, 2016. Engineering Manager Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed May 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Eau Claire Area, Wisconsin Validation Manager during the development of the Omni Scale HPC Fabric. Acquired by Intel in the Cray Interconnect transaction announced in April 2012. ASIC Verification Manager Company Name Cray Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2000 – May 2012 Employment Duration 12 yrs 5 mos Location Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin Functional manager for the ASIC Verification teams in Chippewa Falls, WI, Austin, TX, and Seattle, WA. Design Verification lead for the network portion of the Cray Gemini Interconnect ASIC of the XE6/XK7 systems and the full chip Aries Interconnect ASIC for the Cray XC30 system (Code-named Cascade).Prior to 2007, Pre-silicon logic verification engineer on Cray's scalable vector processor and MPP network projects. L3 Memory Directory for Cray X1, L1/L2/L3 cache coherence verification for BlackWidow system as well as verification lead for Weaver memory ASIC. Intra-chip reliable transmission logic verification for SeaStar, BlackWidow, and Gemini. Technical leader responsible for bringing in new verification methodologies. Design Verification Engineer, Intern Company Name Silicon Graphics, Inc Dates Employed May 1999 – Jan 2000 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Chippewa Falls, WI Created verification environments for the memory system ASIC in the Cray X1. See more positions Education University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Stevens Point Area Senior High Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements SystemVerilog See 24 endorsements for SystemVerilog 24 SystemVerilog Endorsed by Lewis Sternberg and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Boone’s colleagues at Cray Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Go Go No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills ASIC See 33 endorsements for ASIC 33 ASIC Endorsed by 2 of Boone’s colleagues at Cray Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests SystemVerilog for Verification 10,029 members United States Department of Defense 120,110 followers Wisconsin Alumni Association 2,819 followers ASIC Verification SIG 1,471 members Intel Alumni Association 24,839 members High Performance & Super Computing 24,852 members See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Richard Foster Sr. Business Development Manager at Microsemi Microsemi University of Virginia Greater Denver Area 232 232 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Twenty six years of experience in engineering design and modeling of aerospace systems. Fifteen years of experience in systems engineering. Ten years of experience in ballistic missile defense technologies, sensors, threats, countermeasures, flight test targets and engagement scenarios. Eight years of experience in analytical, computational, and experimental modeling of aerospace structures. Six years of experience in new business development covering both DoD and NASA markets. Five years of experience in electro-mechanical systems design, fabrication, integration, test, and operations, including high vacuum systems, sensors, algorithms, and data acquisition/processing systems, with automated/robotic applications. Four years of experience with space flight hardware post-delivery support. Four years of experience in modeling of high speed gas flows. Two years of experience in conceptual design and performance modeling of hypersonic wind tunnels and supersonic/subsonic airfoils. Two years of experience in low observables technologies and radar cross section prediction and analysis. Two years of experience in nuclear research reactor operations. One year of experience in precise time, frequency, and synchronization technologies.Specialties: Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Systems Engineering, Business Development, Missile Defense, Spacecraft, Instruments, Modeling, Thermal Structures, Materials Science, Finite Element Modeling, Algorithm Development, Computer Aided Design, DoD, NASA, MDA, DARPA See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Business Development Manager Company Name Microsemi Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Boulder, CO Responsible for leadership and management of new business development activities for Microsemi's Government Systems business within the Frequency and Time Division. Sr. Business Development Manager Company Name Symmetricom Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Boulder, CO Responsible for leadership and management of new business development activities for Symmetricom's Government Programs Group (GPG). Staff Consultant Company Name Ball Aerospace Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Boulder, CO Served as a systems engineering task lead on the ROFI-STA program, participated in troubleshooting a space flight hardware issue, and supported new business development activities in the defense and civil space markets. OMPS Post-Delivery Support Manager Company Name Ball Aerospace Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Boulder, CO Led and managed post delivery support activities for the Ozone Mapping and Profiler Suite (OMPS) spacecraft instrument, the next generation sensor system for monitoring the health of the Earth’s atmospheric ozone. Additional responsibilities included managing the development and delivery of all OMPS Ground Support Equipment (GSE), and provided test planning support for the OMPS instrument calibration mechanism. Concurrently supported test planning for an advanced technology classified program. Advanced Systems Manager Company Name Ball Aerospace Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Nov 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Responsible for leading and managing new business capture teams in support of BATC’s Civil and Operational Space strategic business unit. Led development of the Management Section for BATC’s Orion Vision Navigation System (VNS) flash LIDAR proposal effort. Co-developed innovative concepts for space tugs and fuel depots to support NASA’s Exploration initiative and resupply of the International Space Station. Led a team to develop Ball’s manned lunar lander conceptual design. Led and participated in multiple proposal activities. Developed close working relationships with key customers at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center. See more positions Education University of Virginia Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Fellow, NASA Graduate Student Researchers Program (1993 – 1996) Fellow, Virginia Space Grant Consortium (1991 – 1993) Dissertation: Thermally Induced Vibrations of Spacecraft Booms Developed a finite element model of the nonlinear, coupled, thermal-structural dynamic response of a model spacecraft boom and tip mass subjected to rapid radiant heating. Designed, built, and operated a 1000 liter thermal vacuum test system including test articles, fixtures, instrumentation, infrared heat lamps, cooling system, pumps, high vacuum chamber, and data acquisition and control system. Conducted laboratory experiments to investigate thermally induced vibrations of spacecraft structures. Co-designed and fabricated a robotic test system for characterizing the heat flux field produced by infrared heat lamps. Conducted shape memory alloy training experiments. Studied advanced topics in elasticity, material science, fracture mechanics, composites, mathematics, continuum mechanics, finite element modeling, and thermal stress analysis. Co-directed an undergraduate study of Space Station Freedom's solar arrays. Taught undergraduates experimental methods. University of Virginia Degree Name ME Field Of Study Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1986 Activities and Societies: Member, Tau Beta Pi, National Engineering Honor Society Member, Sigma Gamma Tau, National Engineering Honor Society of Aerospace Engineers Conducted research on high speed rotational gas flows for uranium enrichment. Designed and modeled a total temperature probe for use in rarefied supersonic gas flows. Investigated air-curtain design for neutral particle beams. University of Virginia Degree Name BS Field Of Study Nuclear Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1984 Activities and Societies: President, American Nuclear Society, UVa Student Chapter Member, Alpha Nu Sigma, Nuclear Engineering National Honor Society Nuclear Research Reactor Operator (June 1982 - May 1984)Operated, inspected, and maintained the University's two-megawatt research reactor. Performed undergraduate thesis experiments using neutron radiography. Featured Skills & Endorsements Systems Engineering See 40 endorsements for Systems Engineering 40 Systems Engineering Adam Carter and 39 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Spacecraft See 24 endorsements for Spacecraft 24 Spacecraft Adam Carter and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Aerospace See 21 endorsements for Aerospace 21 Aerospace Adam Carter and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Bob Andrews Mission Success Engineer at Ball Aerospace July 9, 2012, Bob worked with Richard in different groups Rich was a member of a team of subject matter experts selected from throughout the company that was assigned to investigate, contain and resolve a performance risk to hardware. His original role was to lead the efforts related to one significant program with a customer that had the highest performance standards and technical expertise. In addition to succeeding at that role under significant time pressure, he rapidly became a subject matter expert on the technical aspects of the issue and contributed to larger-scale deadline-driven reports, investigations and an extremely significant test that exonerated hardware. In a very challenging atmosphere, he was an outstanding team member, trusted contributor and strategist for the team. Scott C. Asbury Program Director at Ball Aerospace February 25, 2010, Scott C. managed Richard directly I have worked with Dr. Richard Foster at Ball Aerospace since 2002 in both new business activities and on the Ozone Mapping and Profiler Suite (OMPS) Program. Rich is an extremely effective technical manager with an entrepreneurial spirit. He is able to see the big picture which allows him to strategically plan and effectively execute his work scope consistently within the cost and schedule constraints of the program. He is excellent at understanding and fulfilling the customer's needs while aligning with program and company objectives. Rich is energetic, resourceful, creative, proactive and has excellent people skills. Rich is one of the most well-rounded technical manager's I have worked with and he has my highest recommendation. Mardell Chelon Sr. Project Controls Analyst at Ball Aerospace January 5, 2012, Richard was senior to Mardell but didn’t manage directly I worked with Mardell on the OMPS program, during which time she provided business analyst support for the OMPS Post-Delivery Support activity that I led. For part of the peformance period, we were under a task order contract and the funding was provided on an incremental basis, which made cost tracking critically important. Mardell was extremely helpful with tracking our PDS costs. She updated the labor hour actuals on a weekly basis in our cost tracking spreadsheet, and provided additional independent checks on the cost numbers. She was very timely with her inputs and was readily available to answer questions whenever I needed additional information. In summary, Mardell always provided the support we needed, when we needed it, and at the right level of detail. She has been a very reliable and valuable asset to the OMPS PDS team and to Ball. Scott C. Asbury Program Director at Ball Aerospace February 26, 2010, Richard reported directly to Scott C. I've worked both with and for Scott Asbury at Ball Aerospace over the past eight years. As the OMPS Program Manager, he set the standard for the company for the Program Manager role, earning Ball's coveted Program Manager of the Year award in 2009, which was well deserved. He is very technically adept, but his greatest strengths, in my opinion, are his leadership capability and his ability to balance the many and variegated responsibilities and demands of managing a complex aerospace program. He does this better than anybody else I know. He very well organized, treats people fairly and respectfully, delegates authority and responsibility at the proper levels, and enables his staff to contribute their very best to the success of the overall effort and to the team. I highly recommend Scott, without reservation, for any leadership/management role that he may choose to pursue. Accomplishments Richard has 7 honors 7 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Co-Recipient, NASA Systems Engineering Technical Excellence Award (2013) Fellow, NASA Graduate Student Researchers Program (1993-1996) Fellow, Virginia Space Grant Consortium (1991-1993) Member, Alpha Nu Sigma, National Honor Society of Nuclear Engineers Member, Sigma Gamma Tau, National Engineering Honor Society of Aerospace Engineers Member, Tau Beta Pi, National Engineering Honor Society Panel Member, Independent Strategic Assessment Group (ISAG), US Air Force Space Command (AFSPC) and US Northern Command (NORTHCOM) (2004-2005) Interests UVA Engineering Alumni and Friends 10,959 members University of Virginia 175,281 followers SAIC 220,048 followers Defense & Aerospace 154,295 members DEFENSE AND AEROSPACE CONNECTIONS 88,083 members Pulse 1,535,178 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chaitanya has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Chaitanya Sankuratri Clock Methodology Engineer Intel Corporation The University of Texas at Dallas United States 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent VLSI Design Engineer with over 5 years of combined Chip Design experience. Specializes in Clock Methodology, Physical design and Implementation, Logic Design, Verilog RTL, Methodology, SPICE and Scripting. Strong Communication and Teamwork Skills with Experience in Project Management.KeywordsVLSI design, Clocks, CMOS, SOC, Physical Design, Cadence, Synopsys, Digital Design, Timing Closures, Logic design, RTL coding, ASIC, Synthesis, DRC/LVS, Validation, CPU, Architecture, Processor Architect, Integrated Circuit system, Hardware, SPICE, Computer architecture, Primetime, Scripting, netlist, CDC UPF, DFT, Cache design, High Performance, low area, low power, methodology, microarchitecture, Place and Route (P&R), Congestion analysis, Static Timing Analysis (STA) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Graphics Physical Design Engineer Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Senior Engineer Company Name Cadence Design Systems Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location San Jose Physical Design Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area Design Engineer 2 Company Name AMD Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Sunnyvale, CA • Timing Lead Role for L2 Cache ComponentSpec’ing and Budgeting the timing paths between IPs and tiles. Conduct meetings and budget the time across the tiles. Generate component timing reports periodically with Primetime and publish them to the team. Discuss with the team on specific paths that need fixing and suggest ways to improve them. Wire Engineer some of the critical paths. Static Timing analysis (STA) plays an important role in fixing bad paths both at tile and component level.• Physical Design of a Block for the latest coreBuild the block using the Verilog RTL, modify RTL and suggest changes to improve the logic or for physical design needs. Use Synopsys tools to build the block and for timing closures. Write TCL Scripts to tune the Synopsys tools, to achieve the required design. Solving Placement and congestion (cell and wire) issues in the design. Experiment with different topologies of the CMOS gate logic, SPICE the CMOS logic and optimize it. Look at various reports such as timing, power, histograms, QOR or log files to analyze results and tune the tool accordingly. Using Synopsys IC Compiler (ICC) to modify designs and see the results. Make reasonable decision of the tradeoffs between the performance and power. Created Custom Power Grid in Cadence Finale. Worked on latch-up issues. Have knowledge about Unified Power Format (UPF), Clock Domain Crossing (CDC) as it is interface block.• SPICE ExpertiseSPICE expert for the Team and cross teams. Simulate the paths for L2 component. This is the fastest way to optimize logic and then tell the tool specifically. Engineering Intern Company Name Ericsson Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Plano, Texas, USA • LTE Network Design and Optimization for AT&T, on Atoll• LTE Pre-Launch Tuning and Optimization for USCC, on TEMS• DAS design for Verizon, on iBwave See more positions Education The University of Texas at Dallas Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Circuits & Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Member of Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers Masters in Electrical Engineering specialize in VLSI, Computer Architecture and Verilog. Volunteer in SHPE and attended regional conference RLDC 2011 in Houston. The University of Texas at Dallas Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering, Circuits Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 B.V.Bhoomaraddi College of Engineering and Technology (BVBCET) Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Electronics and Communication Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Started social project "Smiling Earth" in 2007 helping economically backward students aid their education. Won "Best Leader Award" in 2009. Volunteer Experience Project Leader for Smiling Earth Company Name Deshpande Foundation Dates volunteered May 2007 – Jul 2009 Volunteer duration 2 yrs 3 mos Cause Education Started and Headed the Project "Smiling Earth" which aimed at saving the earth by recycling and help the economically backward students aid their education. Won Best Leader Award Volunteer Company Name SHPE Foundation Dates volunteered Jan 2011 – Dec 2011 Volunteer duration 12 mos Cause Science and Technology Featured Skills & Endorsements Verilog See 48 endorsements for Verilog 48 Verilog Endorsed by Eshan kanoje and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Chaitanya’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills VLSI See 22 endorsements for VLSI 22 VLSI Krishnan Unny K and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills ASIC See 23 endorsements for ASIC 23 ASIC Krishnan Unny K and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chaitanya has 10 courses 10 Expand courses section Courses ASIC Design Advanced Computer Networks Advanced Digital Logic Analog Integrated Circuit Design Computer Architecture Power Management Circuits RF and Microwave System Engineering Testing and Testable Design VLSI Design Wireless Sensor Networks Chaitanya has 8 projects 8 Expand projects section Projects Optimization of Alpha 21264 processor with branch prediction (Computer Architecture Course) Design and Optimization of 2-Level Cache (Computer Architecture Course) Design of an Low Dropout Regulator (LDO) in TSMC 350nm technology (Power Management Circuits Course) Design of 2-Stage Operational Amplifier in TSMC 350nm technology (Analog Integrated Circuit Design Course) RF based location tracker (RF & Microwave System Design Course) Design for Testability (Testing & Testable Design Course) Design of 16-bit ALU in 130nm CMOS process (VLSI Course) Design of Mini Stereo Digital Audio Processor (ASIC Course) Chaitanya has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Kannada Telugu Chaitanya has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Digital Design VLSI Chaitanya has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Best Leader Award 2009 Chaitanya has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Deshpande Foundation Interests Adronics, Inc. 56 followers Cavium Inc 14,932 followers Synapse Design Inc. 14,899 followers Magnum Semiconductor 4,739 followers Technology 20,768,633 followers Altera 35,578 followers See all See all following
More Actions Karl has a account Karl Steinke Principal Biomedical Systems Engineer at Boston Scientific Neuromodulation Boston Scientific Case Western Reserve University Valencia, California 320 320 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Biomedical Systems Engineer with over 5 years of R&D industry experience with class 3 medical devices. Significant focus on electrical modulation of neural systems, especially Deep Brain Stimulation. Engineering experience includes conception and development of models and algorithms, project technical leadership, technical support for regulatory submissions, and intellectual property generation. Other experience includes interfacing with customers, including physicians, technical and non-technical presentations, including external facing to customers, regulators, and academic peers. Specialties: Design, Analysis, Visualization, and Presentation See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Biomedical Systems Engineer Company Name Boston Scientific Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location Valencia, California • Subject Matter Expert regarding aspects of Safety and Efficacy of Med Device System• Conceive, Develop, Implement Systems Algorithms• Design & Execute Clinical & Pre-Clinical Studies• Implement and manage DBS Computational Model• Support Project Completion and Product Development• Develop and Implement Technical Specifications• Interface with Approval Bodies, especially oUS• Travel to Customer and Regulatory Sites in US, EU, Japan, & Australia• Data Collection, Analysis, Visualization, Presentation Senior Biomedical Systems Engineer Company Name Boston Scientific Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Valencia, California Assisted in the design and release of the BSN DBS Vercise PC System and the Cartesia Directional Lead. Biomedical Systems Engineer Company Name Boston Scientific Neuromodulation Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Valencia, California Assisted in improvement and implementation of approximation algorithm enabling the function of the award-winning GUIDE DBS system; method published as poster at SfN 2014. Developer Company Name The Qube Lab Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos Built a custom forms-based web interface to Cisco hardware to tailor and automate device provisioning. B.S./M.S. Recipient Company Name Case Western Reserve University Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Received Undergraduate Degree in May 2009Master's Defended August 2010, Conferred January 2011 Education Case Western Reserve University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Biomedical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2010 Activities and Societies: Teaching Assistant Case Western Reserve University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Biomedical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Lambda Chi Alpha, ACM Major Concentration: Bioelectrics Shawnee High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 12 endorsements for Matlab 12 Matlab Endorsed by Vahagn Hokhikyan, PE, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Karl’s colleagues at Boston Scientific Click and drag to reorder skills Biomedical Engineering See 14 endorsements for Biomedical Engineering 14 Biomedical Engineering Endorsed by Brad Hershey, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Karl’s colleagues at Boston Scientific Click and drag to reorder skills Signal Processing See 7 endorsements for Signal Processing 7 Signal Processing Endorsed by 4 of Karl’s colleagues at Boston Scientific Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Tushar Krishnan Passionate biomedical engineer looking to make a difference January 29, 2016, Karl managed Tushar directly Tushar worked for me as an engineering intern during the summer of 2015, with a focus on Deep Brain Stimulation computational modeling, algorithms, and coding work. His deliverables included an accepted conference technical poster, a body of commented code and simulation models (which form the basis of ongoing work) in relation to current and next generation internal and competitor product, and summary reports covering his efforts. Tushar met and exceeded the high demands that my group places on our intern students. Tushar demonstrated outstanding work ethic, with an ability to work independently, often arriving before and leaving after other team members, always delivering on asks, producing quality (documented/commented) work with appropriate attention to detail, and demonstrating a great attitude every day. Tushar took initiative on projects, and was prepared with project updates and clear proposals and requests for next-steps. Tushar sought feedback and incorporated it in his work – although highly skilled in comparison to his peers, his progress was evident even across his 3 months with our team. Tushar demonstrated exceptional problem solving abilities, on paper, whiteboard, and in code, as well as solid written, verbal, and presentation skills. Although he was unable to accept, we sought to extend Tushar’s internship by an additional 4 months. Tushar is an excellent candidate, and I do not hesitate to recommend him. Accomplishments Karl has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Bioelectric Phenomena Computational Inverse Problems Computational Neuroscience Electrochemical Engineering Electronics for BME Engineering Tissues/Materials Principles of Neural Science Thesis, M.S. Karl has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications Novel Activation Volume Methodology for Deep Brain Stimulation Acute Impedance Changes Of DBS System & Corresponding Stimulation Estimates Brain Rhythms Reveal a Hierarchical Network Organization Karl has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Meaningful Innovation Award Boston Scientific Innovation Award Karl has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language German Karl has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Management of stimulation safety limits in a neurostimulation system Interests Co-op Alumni from Case Western Reserve University 410 members Pulse 1,535,178 followers Medical Device Engineers Network 45,003 members Neurorehabilitation 26,452 members Boston Scientific 218,207 followers Computational Neuroscience 8,893 members See all See all following
More Actions Terry has a account Terry Stonerock Employed Oasis Systems Colorado Technical University Colorado Springs, Colorado Area 170 170 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Logistics Company Name Oasis Systems Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Hardware Engineer Company Name Harris Corporation Dates Employed May 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Colorado Springs Hardware Engineer Company Name L-3 Communications Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 11 yrs 1 mo Logictics Tech Company Name Stanford Telecom Dates Employed 1999 – 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs Hardware Engineer Company Name Litton PRC Dates Employed May 1994 – Nov 1998 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos See more positions Education Colorado Technical University Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Logistics Systems Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Systems Engineering See 24 endorsements for Systems Engineering 24 Systems Engineering Mike Cattolica and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Earned Value Management See 17 endorsements for Earned Value Management 17 Earned Value Management Leslie Fawcett-Putman and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management See 15 endorsements for Program Management 15 Program Management Mike Cattolica and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Northrop Grumman 305,284 followers Oasis Systems 1,344 followers L-3 National Security Solutions 13,857 followers Colorado Technical University 82,663 followers Defense News 184,076 followers Colorado Technical University - Students, Alumni and Faculty 16,085 members See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Reitz Optical Fiber and Equipment I/O Specialist Avaya Lehigh University Greater Boston Area 150 150 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Broad background in active and passive optical communications product performance, specification development, reliability, applications, and customer requirements.Specialties: Optical test methods, fiber transmission characteristics, amplifier design and assembly.Physical layer transceiver performance and compliance with interface standards.Diagnostics, measurement equipment, standards, and MSAs. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Optical I/O HW Integration Company Name Avaya Dates Employed May 2006 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 10 yrs 6 mos Location Billerica, MA - Responsible for optical I/O and passive components to support interoperable connections for Layer 2/3 switches and routers.- Specifications and qualification processes for xGbE pluggable transceiver physical performance via stressed receiver sensitivity, eye mask and jitter characteristics.- Evaluate and verify transceiver lasers, transmitter waveform distortion and system dispersion power penalty.- Develop and support next-generation physical layer optical I/O; consult with Signal Integrity to evaluate chip to module links.- Develop multi-vendor supply while assuring reliable product interoperability.- Verify line card electrical I/O for BER, Rx sensitivity degradation and jitter contribution.- Implement standard test procedures and MSA spec tests.- Track evolution of 40/100GbE PMD types and device form factors; guide decision-making processes consistent with Avaya support for open systems.- Maintain reference devices for product verification, field issue replication, and to gauge system level performance. Product and Applications Engineering Manager Company Name Corning NetOptix, Corning Glass Works Dates Employed Jul 1999 – Mar 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Responsible for product qualification, lab, and customer application support for thin film DWDM, gain-flattening filters and assemblies. Developed product specs linking customer requirements to process capability. Surveillance of manufacturing process, change control, product field reliability, FMA, HALT and HASS. Project manager Company Name Tyco Electronics (formerly AMP, Inc.) Dates Employed Sep 1986 – May 1999 Employment Duration 12 yrs 9 mos Location Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 1993 - 1999 Advanced Development Project Manager investigating design, analysis and fabrication of all-band tunable polarized high efficiency fiber laser. Continued optical measurement support for Adv. Dev. projects including optical switches, WDM assemblies, and active and passive developments, fiber wiring boards, bend-insensitive designs.1986-1991 AMP Electro-Optic Division Product qualification lab manager, directing qualifications, operation and maintenance of lab facilities, and supporting product development engineers. Optical Fiber Measurements and Standards - Author, contributor, Chair Company Name EIA, TIA, ITU-T standards development Dates Employed 1984 – 1996 Employment Duration 12 yrs Location Corning, NY; Harrisburg, PA - Corning representative on ITU-T SG XV, contributing white papers, test and measurement results for creation of Rec. G.650, G.651, G.652 and G.654 optical fiber types.- Chair, TIA FO-2.2, creating enterprise (LAN) cable plant test methods.- Author/editor of seven fundamental optical fiber test methods (EIA, TIA); adopted by IEC. - Developed MMF and SMF measurement systems to serve as corporate reference standards and to establish compliance processes for Corning's fiber manufacturing facilities.- Participating laboratory developing EIA/TIA test methods in round-robins with NIST Optoelectronics Metrology Dept.- Supported Industrial system design teams and manufacturing test systems with specialized measurement hardware and operational support. Education Lehigh University Degree Name EE Field Of Study electronics Featured Skills & Endorsements Testing See 16 endorsements for Testing 16 Testing Ton Bolhaar and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Optical Fiber See 11 endorsements for Optical Fiber 11 Optical Fiber Ton Bolhaar and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills DWDM See 11 endorsements for DWDM 11 DWDM Don Bratton and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) John Schroter RSM at Finisar March 5, 2009, John worked with Paul but at different companies Paul is a wonderful person to work with. He is quite knowledgeable in various disciplines.. Paul is dedicated, hard working, responsive, and quite pleasant to do business with. Henry Meyer Daghighian Adv. technology development September 17, 2010, Henry Meyer worked with Paul in different groups I worked in the same facility with paul at Amp corp. research center in harrisburg .Paul provided us with speciliazed optical tests and measurement capability which was not available any where else in the corporation.it was a pleasure working with paul and his team. Henry Meyer Daghighian Adv. technology development September 17, 2010, Paul worked with Henry Meyer in different groups In a multi-functional group, Henry was an outstanding contributor and a pleasure to work with. I assisted Henry on some lab measurement issues; he was a quick study and a good, independent thinker. Gerry LaCombe Northeast Regional Sales Manager at Sumitomo Electric Device Innovations USA June 12, 2009, Paul worked with Gerry but at different companies Gerry is the consummate professional. As sales representative, he was always quick to support our need for custom specifications, product roadmaps, new product introduction and technical support before, during and after qualification. His communications style was always tactful and precise.He was a faithful conduit of highly technical questions and details, and could effectively locate and communicate with his company's subject matter experts to support my projects. I found I could trust the information he provided. Accomplishments Paul has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Coherent Optics; University of Rochester Non-linear optics, University of Rochester Physical (Geometrical) Optics, University of Rochester; Paul has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Tau Beta Pi Eminent Engineer, Pennsylvania Alpha Paul has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication 11 patents in fiber optics Interests Pulse 1,535,179 followers Lehigh University 61,728 followers Optical Networking Group for Telecommunications 57,371 members Lehigh University Alumni 18,257 members Avaya 246,263 followers Lightower Fiber Networks 7,423 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kostas has a account Kostas Tsiolis Software/Hardware Engineer at TEI of Athens - Greek School Network TEI of Athens - Greek School Network TEI of Athens - Department of Informatics Greece 5 5 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Software Engineer Company Name TEI of Athens - Greek School Network Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Participation in design and development of software for the needs of Primary and Secondary Education system. --RESTful HTTP architecture using PHP--Slim Framework--Doctrine Annotations --MySQL--Swagger Php Web Developer Company Name Nable Amea Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Development a Cloud SaaS platform that will be used by AIA.--RESTful HTTP architecture using PHP--Slim Framework--MySQL --JavaScript (jQuery, jqPlot, DataTables) Hardware and Software Engineer Company Name Silent Seas - Investment Company Dates Employed Mar 2013 – May 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos User helpdeskSystem AdministrationDevelopment application using Java, PostgreSQL and Bloomberg API Software and Hardware Engineer Company Name The National Centre For Social Solidarity (Ε.Κ.Κ.Α.) Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr User helpdeskSystem AdministrationDevelopment of internal electronic Protocol--LAMP stack--HTML--jQuery--CSS Education TEI of Athens - Department of Informatics Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Computer science engineer Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 TEI of Athens - University of Limoges Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Informatique, Synthese d’Images et Conception Graphique Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Programming See 1 endorsement for Programming 1 Programming Antonis Regkoukos has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Git See 1 endorsement for Git 1 Git Antonis Regkoukos has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PHP See 1 endorsement for PHP 1 PHP Antonis Regkoukos has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests TEI of Athens 1,608 followers Pulse 1,535,180 followers
More Actions Boone has a account Boone Severson Hardware Engineer Cray Inc. University of Wisconsin-Madison Madison, Wisconsin Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent ASIC and FPGA pre- and post- silicon verification professional. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Boone’s Activity 566 followers Google turns Raspberry Pi into a dirt cheap Home competitor Boone liked See all activity Experience Director of Engineering Company Name Cray Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Madison, Wisconsin Area Building exciting stuff! Technical Lead Manager Company Name Google Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Madison, Wisconsin Area SystemVerilog/UVM Design Verification on the Google Tensor Processing Unit, announced at Google I/O on May 18, 2016. Engineering Manager Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed May 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Eau Claire Area, Wisconsin Validation Manager during the development of the Omni Scale HPC Fabric. Acquired by Intel in the Cray Interconnect transaction announced in April 2012. ASIC Verification Manager Company Name Cray Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2000 – May 2012 Employment Duration 12 yrs 5 mos Location Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin Functional manager for the ASIC Verification teams in Chippewa Falls, WI, Austin, TX, and Seattle, WA. Design Verification lead for the network portion of the Cray Gemini Interconnect ASIC of the XE6/XK7 systems and the full chip Aries Interconnect ASIC for the Cray XC30 system (Code-named Cascade).Prior to 2007, Pre-silicon logic verification engineer on Cray's scalable vector processor and MPP network projects. L3 Memory Directory for Cray X1, L1/L2/L3 cache coherence verification for BlackWidow system as well as verification lead for Weaver memory ASIC. Intra-chip reliable transmission logic verification for SeaStar, BlackWidow, and Gemini. Technical leader responsible for bringing in new verification methodologies. Design Verification Engineer, Intern Company Name Silicon Graphics, Inc Dates Employed May 1999 – Jan 2000 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Chippewa Falls, WI Created verification environments for the memory system ASIC in the Cray X1. See more positions Education University of Wisconsin-Madison Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Stevens Point Area Senior High Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements SystemVerilog See 24 endorsements for SystemVerilog 24 SystemVerilog Endorsed by Lewis Sternberg and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of Boone’s colleagues at Cray Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Go Go No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills ASIC See 33 endorsements for ASIC 33 ASIC Endorsed by 2 of Boone’s colleagues at Cray Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests NVIDIA 208,881 followers RTL Verification Professionals 6,524 members Laszlo BockLaszlo Bock is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and co-founder of Humu. Former SVP of People Operations at Google. Author of "Work Rules!". Advisor. Dad. 658,424 followers Apple 3,419,431 followers Google Professional Network 16,984 members Pulse 1,535,181 followers See all See all following
More Actions Kostas has a account Kostas Tsiolis Software/Hardware Engineer at TEI of Athens - Greek School Network TEI of Athens - Greek School Network TEI of Athens - Department of Informatics Greece 5 5 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Software Engineer Company Name TEI of Athens - Greek School Network Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Participation in design and development of software for the needs of Primary and Secondary Education system. --RESTful HTTP architecture using PHP--Slim Framework--Doctrine Annotations --MySQL--Swagger Php Web Developer Company Name Nable Amea Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Development a Cloud SaaS platform that will be used by AIA.--RESTful HTTP architecture using PHP--Slim Framework--MySQL --JavaScript (jQuery, jqPlot, DataTables) Hardware and Software Engineer Company Name Silent Seas - Investment Company Dates Employed Mar 2013 – May 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos User helpdeskSystem AdministrationDevelopment application using Java, PostgreSQL and Bloomberg API Software and Hardware Engineer Company Name The National Centre For Social Solidarity (Ε.Κ.Κ.Α.) Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr User helpdeskSystem AdministrationDevelopment of internal electronic Protocol--LAMP stack--HTML--jQuery--CSS Education TEI of Athens - Department of Informatics Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Computer science engineer Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 TEI of Athens - University of Limoges Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Informatique, Synthese d’Images et Conception Graphique Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Programming See 1 endorsement for Programming 1 Programming Antonis Regkoukos has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Git See 1 endorsement for Git 1 Git Antonis Regkoukos has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PHP See 1 endorsement for PHP 1 PHP Antonis Regkoukos has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,181 followers TEI of Athens 1,608 followers
More Actions Terry has a account Terry Stonerock Employed Oasis Systems Colorado Technical University Colorado Springs, Colorado Area 170 170 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Logistics Company Name Oasis Systems Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Hardware Engineer Company Name Harris Corporation Dates Employed May 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Colorado Springs Hardware Engineer Company Name L-3 Communications Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 11 yrs 1 mo Logictics Tech Company Name Stanford Telecom Dates Employed 1999 – 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs Hardware Engineer Company Name Litton PRC Dates Employed May 1994 – Nov 1998 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos See more positions Education Colorado Technical University Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Logistics Systems Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Systems Engineering See 24 endorsements for Systems Engineering 24 Systems Engineering Mike Cattolica and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Earned Value Management See 17 endorsements for Earned Value Management 17 Earned Value Management Leslie Fawcett-Putman and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management See 15 endorsements for Program Management 15 Program Management Mike Cattolica and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Stanford Telecom Alumni 3,579 members Colorado Technical University 76,481 followers L3 180,275 followers L-3 Communications Alumni 8,487 members Syntegra 213 followers Pulse 1,535,181 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Reitz Optical Fiber and Equipment I/O Specialist Avaya Lehigh University Greater Boston Area 150 150 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Broad background in active and passive optical communications product performance, specification development, reliability, applications, and customer requirements.Specialties: Optical test methods, fiber transmission characteristics, amplifier design and assembly.Physical layer transceiver performance and compliance with interface standards.Diagnostics, measurement equipment, standards, and MSAs. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Optical I/O HW Integration Company Name Avaya Dates Employed May 2006 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 10 yrs 6 mos Location Billerica, MA - Responsible for optical I/O and passive components to support interoperable connections for Layer 2/3 switches and routers.- Specifications and qualification processes for xGbE pluggable transceiver physical performance via stressed receiver sensitivity, eye mask and jitter characteristics.- Evaluate and verify transceiver lasers, transmitter waveform distortion and system dispersion power penalty.- Develop and support next-generation physical layer optical I/O; consult with Signal Integrity to evaluate chip to module links.- Develop multi-vendor supply while assuring reliable product interoperability.- Verify line card electrical I/O for BER, Rx sensitivity degradation and jitter contribution.- Implement standard test procedures and MSA spec tests.- Track evolution of 40/100GbE PMD types and device form factors; guide decision-making processes consistent with Avaya support for open systems.- Maintain reference devices for product verification, field issue replication, and to gauge system level performance. Product and Applications Engineering Manager Company Name Corning NetOptix, Corning Glass Works Dates Employed Jul 1999 – Mar 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Responsible for product qualification, lab, and customer application support for thin film DWDM, gain-flattening filters and assemblies. Developed product specs linking customer requirements to process capability. Surveillance of manufacturing process, change control, product field reliability, FMA, HALT and HASS. Project manager Company Name Tyco Electronics (formerly AMP, Inc.) Dates Employed Sep 1986 – May 1999 Employment Duration 12 yrs 9 mos Location Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 1993 - 1999 Advanced Development Project Manager investigating design, analysis and fabrication of all-band tunable polarized high efficiency fiber laser. Continued optical measurement support for Adv. Dev. projects including optical switches, WDM assemblies, and active and passive developments, fiber wiring boards, bend-insensitive designs.1986-1991 AMP Electro-Optic Division Product qualification lab manager, directing qualifications, operation and maintenance of lab facilities, and supporting product development engineers. Optical Fiber Measurements and Standards - Author, contributor, Chair Company Name EIA, TIA, ITU-T standards development Dates Employed 1984 – 1996 Employment Duration 12 yrs Location Corning, NY; Harrisburg, PA - Corning representative on ITU-T SG XV, contributing white papers, test and measurement results for creation of Rec. G.650, G.651, G.652 and G.654 optical fiber types.- Chair, TIA FO-2.2, creating enterprise (LAN) cable plant test methods.- Author/editor of seven fundamental optical fiber test methods (EIA, TIA); adopted by IEC. - Developed MMF and SMF measurement systems to serve as corporate reference standards and to establish compliance processes for Corning's fiber manufacturing facilities.- Participating laboratory developing EIA/TIA test methods in round-robins with NIST Optoelectronics Metrology Dept.- Supported Industrial system design teams and manufacturing test systems with specialized measurement hardware and operational support. Education Lehigh University Degree Name EE Field Of Study electronics Featured Skills & Endorsements Testing See 16 endorsements for Testing 16 Testing Ton Bolhaar and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Optical Fiber See 11 endorsements for Optical Fiber 11 Optical Fiber Ton Bolhaar and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills DWDM See 11 endorsements for DWDM 11 DWDM Don Bratton and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) John Schroter RSM at Finisar March 5, 2009, John worked with Paul but at different companies Paul is a wonderful person to work with. He is quite knowledgeable in various disciplines.. Paul is dedicated, hard working, responsive, and quite pleasant to do business with. Henry Meyer Daghighian Adv. technology development September 17, 2010, Henry Meyer worked with Paul in different groups I worked in the same facility with paul at Amp corp. research center in harrisburg .Paul provided us with speciliazed optical tests and measurement capability which was not available any where else in the corporation.it was a pleasure working with paul and his team. Henry Meyer Daghighian Adv. technology development September 17, 2010, Paul worked with Henry Meyer in different groups In a multi-functional group, Henry was an outstanding contributor and a pleasure to work with. I assisted Henry on some lab measurement issues; he was a quick study and a good, independent thinker. Gerry LaCombe Northeast Regional Sales Manager at Sumitomo Electric Device Innovations USA June 12, 2009, Paul worked with Gerry but at different companies Gerry is the consummate professional. As sales representative, he was always quick to support our need for custom specifications, product roadmaps, new product introduction and technical support before, during and after qualification. His communications style was always tactful and precise.He was a faithful conduit of highly technical questions and details, and could effectively locate and communicate with his company's subject matter experts to support my projects. I found I could trust the information he provided. Accomplishments Paul has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Coherent Optics; University of Rochester Non-linear optics, University of Rochester Physical (Geometrical) Optics, University of Rochester; Paul has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Tau Beta Pi Eminent Engineer, Pennsylvania Alpha Paul has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication 11 patents in fiber optics Interests Avaya 246,263 followers Optical Networking Group for Telecommunications 57,371 members Lehigh University 59,387 followers Lehigh University Alumni 18,257 members Lehigh University 61,728 followers Lightower Fiber Networks 7,423 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sungkyun has a account Sungkyun Park Managing Director - Pomeroy Korea Pomeroy Korea Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Korea 72 72 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - In charge of sales and marketing at Pomeroy Korea- Juice bar consulting- 8 years of experience at LGE as a hardware engineer and project manager. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Pomeroy Korea Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Seoul - Office located in Seoul, Republic of Korea- Sales of commercial cold-press juicers (X1, CT7) from Goodnature Products, Inc.- Consulting for juice bar owners. Hardware Engineer Company Name LG Electronics Dates Employed Apr 2012 – May 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Seoul, San Jose - Product planning for new smart phone and wearable device- Hardware tech communicator- Product development Platform Manager Company Name LG Electronics Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Seoul, San Diego - Task team leader- Tech communication interface Hardware Research and Development Engineer Company Name LG Electronics Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Seoul, South Korea - Product development- New tech sourcing- Product planning Education Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Computer and Systems Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Volunteer Experience Signal Company Company Name Multi-national Corps in Iraq Dates volunteered Oct 2006 – May 2007 Volunteer duration 8 mos Cause Environment - Reconstruction activities for Kurd civilians in Iraq Skills Sales & Marketing Sales & Marketing Click and drag to reorder skills Mobile Technology Mobile Technology Click and drag to reorder skills Mobile Platforms Mobile Platforms Click and drag to reorder skills Product Development Product Development Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sungkyun has 8 projects 8 Expand projects section Projects Project 'Soli' with Google ATAP World's First Android Wear Device, 'LG G Watch' World's First Flexible Smartphone, 'G flex', based on Qualcomm 2.4GHz quad-core platform, MSM8974 LGE First LTE Quad-core platform based on Qualcomm APQ8064 & MDM9X15 World's First Dual-core Smartphone, 'G2X', 'Optimus 2X' Project based on nVidia AP20 LGE First Android Smartphone Platform based on TI OMAP BL40, 'New Chocolate' Project KM900, 'Arena' Project Sungkyun has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages 영어 한국어 Interests Tesla 997,369 followers Pulse 1,535,182 followers Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 73,081 followers Mutual Mobile 6,695 followers Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 70,182 followers Oracle 2,119,661 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Susko IC Validation Engineer II Broadcom Limited Michigan Technological University Colorado Springs, Colorado 88 88 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a recent graduate from Michigan Technological University where I majored in Electrical and Computer Engineering. Currently, I'm working with LSI Corporation developing next generation storage technologies. Highlights Experience IC Validation Engineer II Company Name Broadcom Limited Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Colorado Springs, Colorado Area - SOC validation- FPGA validation- Firmware Development Media Technologies Assistant Company Name Michigan Technological University Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Houghton, MI IT Research assistant. CRM Hardware Engineer Company Name Boston Scientific Dates Employed May 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Developed automated testing using Labview for next generation pacemakers.Aided in design analysis and verification testing for next generation medical devices. CRM Systems Engineer Company Name Boston Scientific Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Team member of environmental characterization initiative.Tested the effects of conducted and radiated emissions of hospital equipment on pacemaker performance and function.Developed protocols for future device testing SIT Lab Engineer Company Name HGST, a Western Digital company Dates Employed May 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Rochester, Minnesota Area Tested enterprise level HDD's and SSD's for compatibility with servers and desktops. Analyzed drive failures to troubleshoot for errors in firmware and manufacturing defects.Performed OEM qualification testing for drive compatibility with a variety of OS's and hardware. Education Michigan Technological University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering Grade 3.75 Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2013 Activities and Societies: Wireless Communication Enterprise, IEEE Student Branch Featured Skills & Endorsements Labview See 3 endorsements for Labview 3 Labview Michael Godfrey and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 3 endorsements for Matlab 3 Matlab Endorsed by Gowtham S, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mike’s colleagues at Michigan Technological University Click and drag to reorder skills C See 3 endorsements for C 3 C Endorsed by 2 of Mike’s colleagues at Michigan Technological University Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests HGST, a Western Digital brand 29,940 followers Seagate Technology 118,492 followers NVIDIA 208,881 followers Alumni-Student Professional Networking 829 members AMD 159,587 followers Boston Scientific 218,207 followers See all See all following
More Actions Beyene has a account Beyene Lulseged TECHNICAL LEADER at Cisco Cisco San Jose State University San Francisco Bay Area 417 417 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience TECHNICAL LEADER Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Jose, California Principal System Engineer Company Name Aquantia Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location San Jose CA Sr Hardware Engineer Company Name Tilera Corporation Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location San Jose CA Technical Leader/ Sr Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Cisco Dates Employed May 2004 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 8 yrs 11 mos High Speed Digital Design Engineer/ Technical Leader/ Program ManagementNetworking switching equipment Ethernet to 10G500+ device board designs using latest Cadence ToolsFPGA experience with VerilogSpecialties: 10GbaseT, Design Process, implementation, HW-SW debug, verification, with focus on a reliable design.Responsible for researching, designing, developing and testing board level products.Responsibilities include: Schematic capture, oversee PCB layout, bring-up and debugging prototypes, system verification, signal characterization and manage DFx and manufacturing support . Hardware bug tracking and design process optimization. Product Engineer Company Name Cisco Systems Dates Employed Jul 2000 – Apr 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos -Managed entire life of a product from concept to end-of-life.-Defining process of improving manufacturing operations, processes, and activities to enhance efficiency, consistency, cost effectiveness, and customer satisfaction.-Responsible for the implementation of manufacturability, testability, reliability, and serviceability in product design.-Responsible for creating technical specifications for Cisco's complex product Manufacturing process. See more positions Education San Jose State University Degree Name MSEE Field Of Study EE Featured Skills & Endorsements Debugging See 37 endorsements for Debugging 37 Debugging Endorsed by Jason Pritchard and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 22 of Beyene’s colleagues at Cisco Click and drag to reorder skills FPGA See 13 endorsements for FPGA 13 FPGA Joseph Mickens, III and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 11 endorsements for Verilog 11 Verilog Endorsed by Awanish Verma, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Beyene’s colleagues at Cisco Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (16) Given (1) Kan Seto Technical Leader at Cisco Systems October 2, 2014, Kan worked with Beyene in different groups We worked together for many years. Beyene was pleasant to work with.He always took responsibility for his work, and made sure things got done. I definitely enjoyed working with him. Highly recommended. Roger Karam Principal Staff Hardware Engineer at Continental September 28, 2014, Beyene worked with Roger in the same group Beyene and I worked together at Cisco on many different project,from POE to 10GbaseT. Beyene was patient diligent and a great collaborator.Always pushing for the best and paying attention to details.His know how is great, since he tackled NPI issues, MFG issues, and designed10GbaseT cards. View 14 more recommendations View 14 more recommendations recommendations Kong Hoei Susanto Customer technical engagement and business development professional January 18, 2012, Beyene was a client of Kong Hoei’s Hoei gave us superior technical support during the entire development cycle of 10GBASE-T product. It was a very complex design with aggressive schedule. He kept up with all the demand with great results. Hoei provided us easy to follow and well detailed technical documents for both our hardware and Software groups. Hoei was available anytime we needed him, he is very a dedicated and trustworthy person. Was pleasure working with him. Accomplishments Interests Aquantia 5,917 followers Microsemi Corporation 35,846 followers Avi Networks 2,706 followers AMI: American Megatrends, Inc. 1,874 followers Fortinet 114,976 followers d.light 5,036 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mir has a account Mir Faisal Waiting for New Challenging profession Self-employed Madaripur Technical School & College Bangladesh 138 138 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent In a sense, business development is like the fusion of the suits and the ponytails they draw on creativity to pursue opportunities no one else can see, yet they rely on their business skills to discover the best ideas that can be turned into viable businesses. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Mir’s Articles & Activity 136 followers WHO SEE A NEW PERSPECTIVE FOR THEIR YOUNG FUTURE. Mir Faisal on LinkedIn See 6 more articles Mother ..... there is mother-in-law Father ......there is father-in-law Daughter....there is daughterinlaw Son ...........there is soninlaw Brother .....there is brother-in-law Sister ........there is sister-in-law Wife ...??!! She is the laws ...... ...... Husband.....should follow the law Good morning 😥😥😳😳😡😡 Mir liked We always do the best work ;good quality stones ;amazing cost kingstone&calli Mir liked JavaScript Templating Mir shared this See all activity Experience Waiting For good opportunity Company Name Self-employed Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Bangladesh Office Assistant Company Name Sultan Al-Abdulla & Partners Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location West Bay, Doha, State of Qatar My main responsibilities are to Making Coffee, tea, and refreshments for guestsPrint, scan, edit documents using Microsoft OfficeKeep office clean and maintain a professional environment File documents Control Performed any tasks requested by my office manger Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name The Multi System Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Gulshan-1, Dhaka, Bangladesh My main responsibilities are to Assemble the computer / reformatting the H.D.D / Install the operating system and the necessary software’s Office Program (MS Word / MS Excel / MS PowerPoint / MS Publisher Etc.) Graphics Design (Business Card / Flyer / Brusher / Letter Head Etc.) I have to solve the various problem of computer Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Genius Computer Repair & Service Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Gulshan-1, Dhaka, Bangladesh My main responsibilities are to Assemble the computer / reformatting the H.D.D / Install the operating system and the necessary software’s Office Program (MS Word / MS Excel / MS PowerPoint / MS Publisher Etc.)I have to solve the various problem of computer Education Madaripur Technical School & College Degree Name High School Field Of Study Computer Science Grade A Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 Shyamoli Ideal Polytechnical & College Degree Name Engineer’s Degree Field Of Study Computer Engineering Grade A+ Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 4 endorsements for Microsoft Office 4 Microsoft Office Hafizul Haque and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Hardware See 4 endorsements for Computer Hardware 4 Computer Hardware Hafizul Haque and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Troubleshooting See 2 endorsements for Troubleshooting 2 Troubleshooting Meghna Rao and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mir has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Bangla English Hindi Mir has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Computer Hardware Engineer Graphic Design Interests Iridium BI: A Complete BI Solution for Law Firms 53 followers Design 3,728,563 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,854,618 followers The Economist 3,870,670 followers The New York Times 2,403,561 followers NCI Building Systems, Inc. 11,148 followers See all See all following
More Actions Artem has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Artem Dementyev Research Assistant at MIT Media Lab Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Massachusetts Institute of Technology Cambridge, Massachusetts 486 486 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent •Engineering Software: SolidWorks, AutoCAD, ProEngineer, EAGLE. •Computing Software: MATLAB, LabVIEW, SPSS, Envi, Fluent. •Other Software: MS Office, AVR Studio, Android SDK (in Eclipse), Photoshop, Arduino, Processing.•Programming Languages : C, C++, Java, JavaScript, HTML.•Various Skills: Analog, digital and mixed circuit design, SMD soldering and reflow, AVR microcontrollers, low-power and wireless systems design, metal and wood machining.•Fluent Languages: Russian.Specialties: Biomedical engineering, medical devices development, signal processing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Graduate Research Assistant Company Name Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location MIT Media Lab Graduate Research Assistant Company Name University of Washington Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Research Intern Company Name Microsoft Research Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Cambridge, United Kingdom Intern Company Name FDA Dates Employed May 2007 – May 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Conducted safety reviews of various food products, such as canned foods and bottled drinks at the Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition (CFSAN) Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2017 University of Washington Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 University of Maryland College Park Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Bioengineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Engineers Without Borders (EWB) - Burkina Faso Water Project (2007-2008), Peru: Phase I (2008-2009) Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Android Developer Group 193,027 members University of Maryland College Park 314,480 followers Engineers Without Borders USA 11,368 members Joichi ItoJoichi Ito is a LinkedIn Influencer Director, MIT Media Lab 250,127 followers David SengehDavid Sengeh is a LinkedIn Influencer Research Scientist at IBM 102,046 followers Pulse 1,535,185 followers See all See all following
More Actions Casey has a account Casey Golliher Data Storage Hardware Engineer Pure Storage University of California, Santa Cruz extension San Francisco Bay Area 236 236 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Storage Engineer specializing in performance. Experience in troubleshooting and supporting various linux distributions and unix as well. Primary experience in Enterprise Redhat and Fedora. Familiar with Ubuntu and debian descended distributions. Strong troubleshooting skills in internet and network based technologies. 10+ years experience in command line unix and linux, and network and storage troubleshooting.Specialties: Excellent problem solving skills. Experience in "bigger picture" thinking. Dedication toward resolving customer/client anxiety. Experience in network Abuse and Spam prevention. Familiar with custom environments for security and tight authentication mechanisms. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Hardware Escalation Engineer Company Name Pure Storage Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Storage Engineer SaaS Software Company Name Hewlett-Packard Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Worked on automation and performance tuning of the 3PAR installations. Staff Escalation Engineer Company Name 3PAR Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos System Engineer Company Name Bedrock Technology Partners Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos NOC Engineer Company Name Zynga Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos NOC Engineer in a fast paced start up. See more positions Education University of California, Santa Cruz extension Field Of Study Linux Systems Programming and Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 University of California, Santa Cruz Degree Name B.A Field Of Study Literature Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Studied classical literature, a Pre and Early Modern concentration. Mainly old dusty books, often in other languages I studied (Latin and French) with an eventual culmination of a BA in Literature. Cal Poly Degree Name Certification in shell scripting Field Of Study Linux Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Center See 23 endorsements for Data Center 23 Data Center Ty Flowers and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Storage See 22 endorsements for Storage 22 Storage Augustin T. Le and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills VMware See 22 endorsements for VMware 22 VMware Augustin T. Le and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Jeff Sanders stringstrangler at KidFateBand June 11, 2009, Jeff was senior to Casey but didn’t manage directly Casey joined our group with a good grasp of OS issues and was able to pick up myriad hardware diagnostic techniques effectively and quickly for a wide variety of hundreds of customers' custom configurations. Within mere weeks he was able to participate fully in Technical Support's 24x7 on-call service. A responsible and affable self-starter, he'd be a welcome colleague in any future endeavor. Jeff Sanders stringstrangler at KidFateBand June 11, 2009, Jeff worked with Casey in the same group Jeff is a dedicate engineer who prides himself on efficiency and follow through. the very picture of a professional with practical applicable experience, he watches the balance sheet like a hawk and continues to perfect his knowledge in a variety of areas. His ability to grasp cutting edge architectures is outstanding and his keen knowledge of human nature make him the very best of the people I have ever worked with. outstanding and professional are two apt words to describe him. Accomplishments Interests 3PAR Inc. Current and Former Employees/Contractors/Alliance Partners 1,692 members Hewlett Packard Enterprise 2,454,289 followers Storage Professionals 88,365 members TechCrunch 1,619,835 followers NetApp 332,560 followers Violin Memory 13,659 followers See all See all following
More Actions Casey has a account Casey Golliher Data Storage Hardware Engineer Pure Storage University of California, Santa Cruz extension San Francisco Bay Area 236 236 connections Storage Engineer specializing in performance. Experience in troubleshooting and supporting various linux distributions and unix as well. Primary experience in Enterprise Redhat and Fedora. Familiar with Ubuntu and debian descended distributions. Strong troubleshooting skills in internet and network based technologies. 10+ years experience in command line unix and linux, and network and storage troubleshooting.Specialties: Excellent problem solving skills. Experience in "bigger picture" thinking. Dedication toward resolving customer/client anxiety. Experience in network Abuse and Spam prevention. Familiar with custom environments for security and tight authentication mechanisms. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Hardware Escalation Engineer Company Name Pure Storage Dates Employed Nov 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Storage Engineer SaaS Software Company Name Hewlett-Packard Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Worked on automation and performance tuning of the 3PAR installations. Staff Escalation Engineer Company Name 3PAR Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos System Engineer Company Name Bedrock Technology Partners Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos NOC Engineer Company Name Zynga Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Feb 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos NOC Engineer in a fast paced start up. See more positions Education University of California, Santa Cruz extension Field Of Study Linux Systems Programming and Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 University of California, Santa Cruz Degree Name B.A Field Of Study Literature Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Studied classical literature, a Pre and Early Modern concentration. Mainly old dusty books, often in other languages I studied (Latin and French) with an eventual culmination of a BA in Literature. Cal Poly Degree Name Certification in shell scripting Field Of Study Linux Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Center See 23 endorsements for Data Center 23 Data Center Ty Flowers and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Storage See 22 endorsements for Storage 22 Storage Augustin T. Le and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills VMware See 22 endorsements for VMware 22 VMware Augustin T. Le and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Jeff Sanders stringstrangler at KidFateBand June 11, 2009, Jeff was senior to Casey but didn’t manage directly Casey joined our group with a good grasp of OS issues and was able to pick up myriad hardware diagnostic techniques effectively and quickly for a wide variety of hundreds of customers' custom configurations. Within mere weeks he was able to participate fully in Technical Support's 24x7 on-call service. A responsible and affable self-starter, he'd be a welcome colleague in any future endeavor. Jeff Sanders stringstrangler at KidFateBand June 11, 2009, Jeff worked with Casey in the same group Jeff is a dedicate engineer who prides himself on efficiency and follow through. the very picture of a professional with practical applicable experience, he watches the balance sheet like a hawk and continues to perfect his knowledge in a variety of areas. His ability to grasp cutting edge architectures is outstanding and his keen knowledge of human nature make him the very best of the people I have ever worked with. outstanding and professional are two apt words to describe him. Accomplishments Interests Job openings for US IT professionals 7,550 members 3PAR 4,375 followers University of California, Santa Cruz 109,151 followers University of California, Santa Cruz 104,838 followers 3PAR Inc. Current and Former Employees/Contractors/Alliance Partners 1,692 members Cisco 1,440,206 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lei has a account Lei Cheng Project Manager at Jenda Project Management Inc. Jenda Project Management Inc. University of Washington Seattle, Washington 93 93 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Excellent industrial and academic research experience in mechanical engineering with a specialty in robot design, embedded system, Digital/Analog controller and Finite Element Analysis (FEA). • Hardware experience of Robotics, PrimeSense/MS Kinect, Mechanical Design, Data Acquisition Systems, Mechanical-electrical systems.• Comprehensive background in computational mechanics and mechanical design & fabrication of surgical robot and surgical simulator.• Skilled at learning new concepts quickly, working well under pressure, and communicating ideas clearly and effectively.• Extensive computer programming skills, including C/C++, Microcontroller assembly, MATLAB, ANSYS, PLC, Pasical, Delphi, Mathematica.• Proficiency in Printed Circuit Board Design, Solidworks, Image processing, Microsoft Office. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Project Manager Company Name Jenda Project Management Inc. Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Greater Seattle Area • Partner with senior management to align business strategy with development plans and initiatives through financial analysis and market research. Build relationships with clients to create project opportunities and define project scope.• Set up the estimates, the budgets and the timetable for the client and develop the project strategy. Manage contracts and negotiations and analyze data to make the best business decisions for the company.• Oversee personnel decisions, such as hiring and firing, and recommend similar personnel actions and compensation.• Coordinate with engineers and specialists to ensure the project complies with codes and other regulatory requirements. Research Associate/Robotics Engineer Company Name University of Washington Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Department of Electrical Engineering/Bio-Robotics Lab, Seattle, WA • Lead hardware engineer for RAVEN Surgical Robot project- a multi-year, multi-million dollar grant-funded project. Developed electrical circuit and software for control and test of the RAVEN. Also led development of surgical master console with force feedback. Investigated the tissue damage property of surgical grasper in minimal invasive surgery (MIS). Lead system integration engineer for Raven II, now installed at universities around the world.• Work with a roboticist team for all technical aspects of RAVEN Surgical Robot production. Responsibilities include writing technical documents (design, assembly, and test), outsourcing the building of RAVEN Surgical Robots to local professional manufacturers and providing technical support for clients. Research Associate Company Name University of Washington Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Seattle, WA • Developed a control station for portable hemodialysis machine. Designed the mechanical structure of the charcoal adsorption columns in portable artificial liver. Collaborated with medical doctors in Northwest Kidney Center on exploring the mass transfer properties of various materials for adsorption. Server Engineer Company Name Peking University Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Beijing City, China • Collaborated with non-technical medical doctors at Peking University Third Hospital. Designed optimization algorithms for hemodialysis therapies with mass transfer models. Developed a cross-platform application capable of writing out artificial intelligence (AI) prescription. Component Engineer Intern Company Name Ericsson Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Dec 2005 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Beijing City, China • Maintained Ericsson global Product Database. Investigated the material declaration of electronic components used in Ericsson base stations. Audited the RoHS files from component suppliers. See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering/Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2015 Research areas: surgical robotics, telerobotics, haptics, surgical skills assessment, psychophysics. Peking University Field Of Study Biomedical/Medical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 6 endorsements for Matlab 6 Matlab Kevin Huang and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Research See 5 endorsements for Research 5 Research Hsiu-hung Simon Chen and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Statistics See 3 endorsements for Statistics 3 Statistics Eddie Johnson and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Lei has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English German Interests Tianjin University 39,871 followers University of Washington - School of Medicine 45,810 followers Pulse 1,535,186 followers Jenda Project Management Inc. 1 followers University of Washington 379,013 followers 天津大学 37,803 followers See all See all following
More Actions Artem has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Artem Dementyev Research Assistant at MIT Media Lab Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Massachusetts Institute of Technology Cambridge, Massachusetts 486 486 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent •Engineering Software: SolidWorks, AutoCAD, ProEngineer, EAGLE. •Computing Software: MATLAB, LabVIEW, SPSS, Envi, Fluent. •Other Software: MS Office, AVR Studio, Android SDK (in Eclipse), Photoshop, Arduino, Processing.•Programming Languages : C, C++, Java, JavaScript, HTML.•Various Skills: Analog, digital and mixed circuit design, SMD soldering and reflow, AVR microcontrollers, low-power and wireless systems design, metal and wood machining.•Fluent Languages: Russian.Specialties: Biomedical engineering, medical devices development, signal processing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Graduate Research Assistant Company Name Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location MIT Media Lab Graduate Research Assistant Company Name University of Washington Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs Research Intern Company Name Microsoft Research Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Cambridge, United Kingdom Intern Company Name FDA Dates Employed May 2007 – May 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Conducted safety reviews of various food products, such as canned foods and bottled drinks at the Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition (CFSAN) Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2017 University of Washington Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 University of Maryland College Park Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Bioengineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Engineers Without Borders (EWB) - Burkina Faso Water Project (2007-2008), Peru: Phase I (2008-2009) Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Maryland College Park 314,480 followers University of Maryland College Park 292,806 followers Pulse 1,535,187 followers University of Maryland, College Park Alumni Association (Official) 35,827 members Montgomery College Alumni 993 members Engineers Without Borders USA 11,368 members See all See all following
More Actions Phyo Pyae Pyae has a account Phyo Pyae Pyae Nyein (Phoebe) Associate Hardware Engineer at Creative Technology Ltd Creative Technology Ltd Nanyang Technological University Singapore 69 69 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Associate Hardware Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the consumer electronics industry. Skilled in PADS Layout, Manufacturing, Technical Writing, SMT, and DxDesigner. Strong operations professional with a Bachelor of Engineering (B.Eng.) focused in Electrical and Electronics Engineering from Nanyang Technological University. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Associate Hardware Engineer Company Name Creative Technology Ltd Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Singapore Engineering Assistant Company Name Creative Technology Ltd Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Associate Engineer Company Name GLOBALFOUNDRIES Dates Employed Aug 2012 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Singapore Education Nanyang Technological University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.Eng.) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 Ngee Ann Polytechnic Degree Name Diploma with Merit Field Of Study Electronics and Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Technical Writing See 1 endorsement for Technical Writing 1 Technical Writing John Mang has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PCB Design See 1 endorsement for PCB Design 1 PCB Design John Mang has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PADS Layout See 1 endorsement for PADS Layout 1 PADS Layout John Mang has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 4 more View 4 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Ngee Ann Polytechnic 48,973 followers Forbes 4,463,329 followers Nanyang Technological University 149,441 followers TED Conferences 5,361,549 followers Ngee Ann Polytechnic 45,733 followers Nanyang Technological University 131,488 followers See all See all following
More Actions Travis has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Travis Deyle Co-Founder & CEO at Cobalt Robotics Cobalt Robotics Georgia Institute of Technology United States 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Currently: Co-founder and CEO of Cobalt Robotics.Formerly: - MIT "Top Innovators Under 35" Award Winner (MIT TR35) - Engineer at Google[x] Life Sciences (now Verily) - Co-Founder of Lollipuff.com (YC W13) - Postdoc doing "cyborg dragonflies" at Duke - PhD in Robotics from Georgia Tech - More information: TravisDeyle.com & Hizook.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Co-Founder & CEO Company Name Cobalt Robotics Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location San Jose, CA A robotics company. Google[x] Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Google[x] / Google Life Sciences / Verily Life Sciences Dates Employed 2014 – 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Mountain View I currently work at Google[x] Life Sciences. Google[x] is a Google lab that pursues "moonshots"​ in science and technology, and the Life Sciences group focuses on healthcare. I'm part of the microsystems group that developed contact lenses, such as the glucose-sensing lenses and "autofocus"​ lenses (both licensed to Novartis), and continuous glucose monitoring devices (licensed to DexCom). I primarily work on new, non-public projects -- but unfortunately I can't elaborate due to severe confidentiality restrictions. I'm also an active participant on the Rapid Eval team that helps vet new Google[x] ideas. Co-Founder Company Name Lollipuff Dates Employed 2013 – 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Mountain View, CA I was a co-founder of Lollipuff.com: an online auction site dedicated exclusively to women's designer clothes and accessories, where every item is authenticated by a team of experts. Lollipuff was part of YCombinator's winter 2013 (W2013) class, and has received a lot of postive press attention. It continues to grow. Postdoctoral Research Fellow Company Name Duke University Dates Employed 2011 – 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Durham, NC I was awarded the prestigious NSF / CRA "Computing Innovation" (CI) Postdoc Fellowship. I worked in the Reynolds lab on cutting-edge backscatter wireless systems: wireless power harvesting and high-speed wireless data transfer akin to souped-up UHF RFID tags. My work focused on a software-defined radio receiver to decode (in real-time) the high-speed biotelemetry signals reflected by a custom neuro-telemetry chip. This system was designed to capture high-fidelity neural signals from a dragonfly in flight -- aka, a "cyborg dragonfly". Roboticist Company Name Georgia Institute of Technology Dates Employed 2006 – 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs Education Georgia Institute of Technology Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering (Robotics) Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 My thesis was entitled, "Ultra High Frequency (UHF) Radio-Frequency Identification (RFID) for Robot Perception and Mobile Manipulation." Featured Skills & Endorsements Robotics See 8 endorsements for Robotics 8 Robotics Endorsed by Henrik Christensen and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Travis’ colleagues at Georgia Institute of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Vision See 6 endorsements for Computer Vision 6 Computer Vision Endorsed by 2 of Travis’ colleagues at Georgia Institute of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 4 endorsements for Python 4 Python Endorsed by 3 of Travis’ colleagues at Georgia Institute of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cobalt Robotics 118 followers IEEE Spectrum 12,952 members RE•WORK Breakthrough Science, Emerging Technology & Entrepreneurship 1,213 members Google 4,871,408 followers Robotics Guru 23,796 members Georgia Institute of Technology 201,174 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ahmad has a account Ahmad Abbas Principal Hardware Engineer at Leap Motion Leap Motion University of Maryland Baltimore County San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ahmad’s Activity 714 followers RK3368H，Octa-core SoC for Tablet...👍👍👍 Ahmad liked El Pollo - our prototype robot for DRL and VOLAslam Ahmad liked castAR coming this Fall? Ahmad liked SiFive Secures $8.5 Million in Funding to Advance RISC-V Based Semiconductors Ahmad liked How Smart People Work Less And Get More Done Ahmad liked AWE USA 2017 - Bizzabo Ahmad liked See all activity Experience Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Leap Motion Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Hardware Engineer Company Name Leap Motion Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Senior Embedded Systems Engineer Company Name MRA Digital, LLC Dates Employed May 2012 – May 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Columbia, Maryland Demonstrator Company Name Mansoura University Dates Employed 2006 – 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Egypt Education University of Maryland Baltimore County Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Computer Engineering Grade GPA 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2018 University of Maryland Baltimore County Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Computer Engineering Grade GPA 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Master of Science in Computer Engineering in the field of Wireless Sensor Network Mansoura University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Electronics and Communications Engineering Grade Ranked #1 student in the department of Electronics and Communication Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 44 endorsements for Embedded Systems 44 Embedded Systems Endorsed by 5 of Ahmad’s colleagues at Leap Motion Click and drag to reorder skills FPGA See 30 endorsements for FPGA 30 FPGA Ahmed Nashed and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microcontrollers See 30 endorsements for Microcontrollers 30 Microcontrollers Endorsed by 2 of Ahmad’s colleagues at Leap Motion Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ahmad has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Establishing Connectivity among Disjoint Terminals Using a Mix of Stationary and Mobile Relays Interconnecting disjoint network segments using a mix of stationary and mobile nodes Interests Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition 44,210 members Digital Camera 7,777 members ASIC, FPGA, SoC Engineers 49,460 members OmniVision Technologies, Inc. 11,525 followers Mansoura University 32,322 followers ULIS 918 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rachel has a account Rachel Belcher Student at University of Ottawa Solantro Semiconductor Corp University of Ottawa Milton, Ontario, Canada 2 2 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Junior Hardware Engineer Company Name Solantro Semiconductor Corp Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area Enrichment Course Coordinator Company Name University of Ottawa Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area Taekwondo Instructor Company Name Kicks for Kids Milton Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Milton Ontario Instructed students of all ages and skill levels in the martial art of taekwondo. I developed and implemented the junior leadership program which assisted young students pursue their goals. Education University of Ottawa Degree Name Honours of Applied Science Field Of Study Electrical Engineering/Business Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2018 Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office Microsoft Office No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service Customer Service No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Management Management No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rachel has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Interests Solantro Semiconductor Corp 582 followers Hydro Ottawa 3,618 followers March Networks 12,085 followers Pulse 1,535,187 followers
More Actions Omar has a account Omar Khan Hardware Design Quality Assurance Engineer at Boston Scientific Boston Scientific Neuromodulation Case Western Reserve University Stevenson Ranch, California 380 380 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Research Associate at Photovoltaics and Space Environments Branch, NASA Glenn Research Center in Cleveland,Ohio Work included synthesis of new anodes and cathodes as materials for space use of lithium ion rechargeable batteries in solar cells and photo voltaic devices.Specialties: ASQ CRE, ASQ CQPA See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Design Quality Assurance Engineer Company Name Boston Scientific Neuromodulation Dates Employed Oct 2006 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 8 mos Location Valencia, Ca Senior Hardware Design Quality Assurance Engineer, sustaining and new product development,Pain Management/Neuromodulation, Implantable Medical Devices Research Associate Company Name Cleveland State University Dates Employed Jan 2000 – May 2002 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location NASA, Cleveland, OH Research Chemist, Thin Films Group at the Photovoltaics and Space Environments Branch, NASA Glenn Research Center,Cleveland,Ohio Education Case Western Reserve University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Chemical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 Summer research assistant at Electronics Design Center Aitchison College Degree Name O/A levels Field Of Study Advanced Mathematics, Physics, Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 Volunteer Experience Tutor Company Name Sherrif's Youth Foundation, Val Verde, Santa Clarita, Ca Dates volunteered May 2016 – May 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education Tutor at Val Verde, California for at risk youth. Tutoring students and assisting them with preparation in local Robotics competitions. Featured Skills & Endorsements Medical Devices See 36 endorsements for Medical Devices 36 Medical Devices Endorsed by Lusin Markaryan and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 32 of Omar’s colleagues at Boston Scientific Click and drag to reorder skills ISO 13485 See 34 endorsements for ISO 13485 34 ISO 13485 Endorsed by Gary Hartman and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 31 of Omar’s colleagues at Boston Scientific Click and drag to reorder skills FDA See 29 endorsements for FDA 29 FDA Endorsed by Saurav Singh, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Omar’s colleagues at Boston Scientific Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (5) Chris Reiser Medical Device Quality VP June 17, 2013, Chris managed Omar directly While managing Omar for several years, I found his unflinching support and cooperation to be a great asset. Often "working ahead," he accepted jobs that others may have shunned, did the heavy lifting, and completed the project on time. HIs dedication to quality is exemplary. I was very lucky to have Omar on my team. Chung Chiun Liu Professor of Chemical Engineering at Case Western Reserve University May 6, 2010, Chung Chiun was Omar’s teacher I have the privilege to have Omar as a student at CWRU. He is highly intelligent and a hard worker. He is also very griendly and very helpful to others. We maintain contact after his graduation, and I value his friendship. Richard Lubin Head of Quality, Burlington and Sr. Manager, Quality, Valencia - Boston Scientific November 14, 2015, Omar reported directly to Richard Richard is a diligent and engaging Manager who has successfully led the Supplier Quality and Quality Control organization at BSN. He is very detail driven and carefully evaluates issues and provides constructive feedback to SMEs and Non SMEs alike. Richard started at BSN as a Quality Design Assurance manager where he led a diverse team of many disciplines that completed key deliverables and milestones for a major project for the organization. Richard is very supportive of his staff and encourages his reports to expand and enhance their abilities. He is a great listener and believer in the team philosophy. Chris Reiser Medical Device Quality VP June 16, 2013, Omar reported directly to Chris Chris is a great thinker and challenges his colleagues to evaluate situations with a logical approach. He was largely responsible for developing the Risk Management Process at BSN. Chris is a great teacher and is very passionate about his work. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Omar has 9 honors 9 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Recognize Success Award Certificate of Recognition Checkered Flag Award Checkered Flag Award Gold Achievement Award Silver Achievement Award Product Development VIP Award VIP Platinum Award Outstanding Core Team Member, Gold Achievement Award Omar has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Arabic English Punjabi Urdu Omar has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Quality Process Analyst Reliability Engineer Omar has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course ASC CRE Review Course March 4, 2016 Omar has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization ASQ Omar has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Integrated Microelectronic Power Supply (IMPS) Interests Medical Device Engineering Professionals 10,762 members Biomedical Engineer Jobs 31,765 members Case Alumni Association 2,815 members Case Western Reserve University 63,575 followers Boston Scientific 218,208 followers ASQ Reliability Division 4,330 members See all See all following
More Actions Todd has a account Todd Calvin Principal Hardware Engineer at Oracle Oracle Purdue University Austin, Texas Area 400 400 connections Highlights Experience Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Austin, Texas Area Staff Design Engineer Company Name Samsung Austin R&D Center Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 9 mos Senior Member of Technical Staff Company Name AMD Dates Employed May 1993 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 20 yrs 9 mos Location Austin, Texas Engineering Co-Op Company Name Stromberg-Carlson Dates Employed 1989 – 1992 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education Purdue University Degree Name BSCEE Field Of Study Electrical/Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Linda Battson Writer, Customer Specialist, Artist February 3, 2017, Todd was a client of Linda’s I met Linda while shopping for my first fountain pen at Paradise Pen Company. Linda is extremely knowledgable and took the time to help me find a pen that I love, sharing her passion for writing and letting me try a number of pens from her personal collection along the way. She is one of the most professional people I have ever dealt with in a retail setting. Linda sincerely cares about the product, but more importantly, about the people and builds lasting relationships with her customers; and she earned my business and trust as a result. Rajesh Saha Senior Member of Technical Staff at AMD September 19, 2012, Rajesh worked with Todd in the same group I worked with Rajesh on several cross-site projects related to SOC power EM/IR analysis. Rajesh is extremely competent with respect to his technical knowledge and has an incredible work ethic. He always demonstrated a willingness to help, a strong desire to learn and expand his knowledge base, and clearly communicated and documented findings and status. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests Purdue University 300,068 followers AMD 159,587 followers Pulse 1,535,187 followers Purdue University 308,085 followers
More Actions Kostas has a account Kostas Avgeropoulos Senior Software Engineer at u-blox u-blox KTH Royal Institute of Technology Greece 275 275 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Systems Software Engineer with a solid background in Wireless Communications and Computer Networks.✔ 9+ years working experience in Embedded Systems Software.✔ 6+ years working experience in concurrent processing, real-time and performance-oriented low-level software in multi- and single-core platforms.✔ 6+ years working experience in hardware integration software and wireless modem (FPGA and DSP based) driver design.✔ Wireless & mobile MAC software specialist (radio resource control, scheduling, radio frame building, mobility).✔ C and Microcode (proprietary 32-bit RISC, ARM, MIPS) programming expert.✔ Experience with ARM-based SoC low-level drivers (RF, UART, SPI, I2C, GPIO).✔ Experience with low footprint software design (code size, memory utilization, energy consumption). See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Software Engineer Company Name u-blox Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Athens, Greece Senior Software Engineer Company Name Dialog Semiconductor Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Athens, Greece Embedded Systems Software Engineer for Dialog's next generation of short-range, low-energy wireless (BLE and others) SoC products and prototypes. Focus was on core firmware development (Wireless MAC, RF driver, dual-protocol radio multiplexer) for the accompanying SDK. Programming was performed in C for the ARM Cortex-M0 processor, with support for both bare metal and FreeRTOS applications. Senior Embedded Systems Software Engineer Company Name Intracom Telecom Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Greece Lead Designer for Layer 2 software of Intracom Telecom's gigabit wireless small-cell backhauling PtmP products. Responsibilities included wireless MAC (scheduling, radio resource control, etc), interworking (classification, routing, etc) as well as hardware integration (chip-to-chip) software design. The target platforms were specialized network processors based on RISC/MIPS multicore architectures. Programming was performed in C/C++ and microengine (assembly with C-like syntax) languages. Control plane target operating system was Linux. Embedded Systems Software Engineer Company Name Intracom Telecom Dates Employed Mar 2007 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Athens, Greece Software Engineer for Mobile WiMAX BS products, specializing in Radio Resource Management, Scheduling and Admission Control. Design and development was performed in C/C++ and microengine (assembly with C-like syntax) languages. Target operating systems were Linux and VxWorks on various processor architectures, including RISC/MIPS multicore platforms. Media Portals Software Engineer Company Name Intracom IT Services Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Feb 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Software Engineer for Intracom’s IVR solutions. Development was performed in Java, XML and a specialized proprietary language in a Sun Solaris environment. Acted as lead developer for Intracom’s Phone Banking IVR products. See more positions Education KTH Royal Institute of Technology Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Internetworking Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 Courses: Advanced Internetworking, Management of Networks and Networked Systems, Inter-domain Routing, Network Programming in Java, Communications Systems Design, Architectures for Wireless and Mobile Networks, Wireless Multiple Access ProtocolsM. Sc. Thesis: &quot;Service Policy Management for User-centric Services in Heterogeneous Mobile Networks&quot; Aristoteleion Panepistimion Thessalonikis Degree Name Engineering Diploma Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2002 Specialization: Telecommunications Course Summary:Electrical Circuits, Analog/Stochastic/Digital Signal Processing, Electromagnetic Field, Wireless Communications, Microwave Systems, Waveguiding Systems, Telecommunications Networks, Computer Networks, Information TheoryEngineering Diploma Thesis: "Study of a Hybrid CDMA/TDMA Protocol for the Provision of Integrated Services in LEO Satellites" Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 33 endorsements for Embedded Systems 33 Embedded Systems Endorsed by 2 of Kostas’ colleagues at Dialog Semiconductor Click and drag to reorder skills Telecommunications See 20 endorsements for Telecommunications 20 Telecommunications Endorsed by 11 of Kostas’ colleagues at Intracom Telecom Click and drag to reorder skills C See 19 endorsements for C 19 C Endorsed by Konstantinos Nakos and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Kostas’ colleagues at Dialog Semiconductor Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Klaus Kouril Senior Recruiter - Central Europe @ adidas Group December 1, 2014, Kostas was a client of Klaus’ I had the pleasure to have Klaus as a recruiter to Dialog Semiconductor. Discrete and easy-going, yet perisistent and convincing, Klaus explained to me the job requirements and offers and helped me understand why joining Dialog Semiconductor would be the next great step in my career. Accomplishments Kostas has 17 courses 17 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Internetworking Analog/Stochastic/Digital Signal Processing Architectures for Wireless and Mobile Networks Communication Systems Design Computer Architecture Computer Networks Computer Programming Electric Circuits Electromagnetic Field Electronics Kostas has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English German Greek Kostas has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications MIMO and Multihop Cross-Layer Design for Wireless Backhaul: A Testbed Implementation Resource Management in Satellite Networks: Optimization and Cross-Layer Design Interests KTH Alumni 17,115 members Embedded Systems Professionals 36,447 members NXP Semiconductors 112,212 followers Pulse 1,535,187 followers Telecoms Professionals: IoT, LTE, M2M, OTT, Internet of Things, Mobile, Telecom 662,883 members Aristotle University of Thessaloniki (AUTH) 52,003 followers See all See all following
More Actions Travis has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Travis Deyle Co-Founder & CEO at Cobalt Robotics Cobalt Robotics Georgia Institute of Technology United States 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Currently: Co-founder and CEO of Cobalt Robotics.Formerly: - MIT "Top Innovators Under 35" Award Winner (MIT TR35) - Engineer at Google[x] Life Sciences (now Verily) - Co-Founder of Lollipuff.com (YC W13) - Postdoc doing "cyborg dragonflies" at Duke - PhD in Robotics from Georgia Tech - More information: TravisDeyle.com & Hizook.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Co-Founder & CEO Company Name Cobalt Robotics Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location San Jose, CA A robotics company. Google[x] Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Google[x] / Google Life Sciences / Verily Life Sciences Dates Employed 2014 – 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Mountain View I currently work at Google[x] Life Sciences. Google[x] is a Google lab that pursues "moonshots"​ in science and technology, and the Life Sciences group focuses on healthcare. I'm part of the microsystems group that developed contact lenses, such as the glucose-sensing lenses and "autofocus"​ lenses (both licensed to Novartis), and continuous glucose monitoring devices (licensed to DexCom). I primarily work on new, non-public projects -- but unfortunately I can't elaborate due to severe confidentiality restrictions. I'm also an active participant on the Rapid Eval team that helps vet new Google[x] ideas. Co-Founder Company Name Lollipuff Dates Employed 2013 – 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Mountain View, CA I was a co-founder of Lollipuff.com: an online auction site dedicated exclusively to women's designer clothes and accessories, where every item is authenticated by a team of experts. Lollipuff was part of YCombinator's winter 2013 (W2013) class, and has received a lot of postive press attention. It continues to grow. Postdoctoral Research Fellow Company Name Duke University Dates Employed 2011 – 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Durham, NC I was awarded the prestigious NSF / CRA "Computing Innovation" (CI) Postdoc Fellowship. I worked in the Reynolds lab on cutting-edge backscatter wireless systems: wireless power harvesting and high-speed wireless data transfer akin to souped-up UHF RFID tags. My work focused on a software-defined radio receiver to decode (in real-time) the high-speed biotelemetry signals reflected by a custom neuro-telemetry chip. This system was designed to capture high-fidelity neural signals from a dragonfly in flight -- aka, a "cyborg dragonfly". Roboticist Company Name Georgia Institute of Technology Dates Employed 2006 – 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs Education Georgia Institute of Technology Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering (Robotics) Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 My thesis was entitled, "Ultra High Frequency (UHF) Radio-Frequency Identification (RFID) for Robot Perception and Mobile Manipulation." Featured Skills & Endorsements Robotics See 8 endorsements for Robotics 8 Robotics Endorsed by Henrik Christensen and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Travis’ colleagues at Georgia Institute of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Vision See 6 endorsements for Computer Vision 6 Computer Vision Endorsed by 2 of Travis’ colleagues at Georgia Institute of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 4 endorsements for Python 4 Python Endorsed by 3 of Travis’ colleagues at Georgia Institute of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests RE•WORK Breakthrough Science, Emerging Technology & Entrepreneurship 1,213 members Google 4,871,418 followers Cobalt Robotics 118 followers Robotics Guru 23,796 members Georgia Institute of Technology 201,174 followers Pulse 1,535,187 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rasheeq has a account Rasheeq M. Electrical Engineering New Graduate Seeking Entry-Level Positions Defence Research and Development Canada | Recherche et développement pour la défense Canada University of Ottawa / Université d'Ottawa Ottawa, Canada Area 103 103 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Hardware: Cisco 2901 Integrated Services Router (ISR) ∙ Raspberry Pi ∙ Arduino ∙ Microchip PIC16F917 8-bit Microcontroller ∙ Intel EdisonElectronic Test Equipment: Digital Oscilloscope ∙ Signal Generator ∙ Multimeter ∙ Frequency Counter ∙ LCR Meter Software & OSs: MATLAB ∙ Multisim ∙ Microsoft Office ∙ Qt ∙ OrCAD Capture ∙ Electric ∙ Adobe Creative Suite (CS) ∙ Microsoft Windows ∙ Linux ∙ MAC OS Languages, Markups & IDEs: C/C++ ∙ Python ∙ VHDL ∙ Assembly ∙ HTML & CSS ∙ Eclipse ∙ MPLAB X ∙ PyCharm ∙ Microsoft Visual Studio (VS) ∙ Code::BlocksAPIs:Open Source Computer Vision (OpenCV) ∙ Simple DirectMedia Layer (SDL)Clearance: Reliability Status See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Radio Frequency (RF) Engineer Company Name Defence Research and Development Canada | Recherche et développement pour la défense Canada Dates Employed May 2016 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Kanata, ON Design and develop prototype for an agile radar waveform generator testbed using MATLAB, as a part of the Cognitive Radar EW Challenge headed by The Technical Cooperation Program (TTCP).• Write, test, and debug code in MATLAB• Design graphical user interface (GUI) using MATLAB that displays configurable parameters and diagnostic information• Collaborate with defence scientists by the way of agile software development• Conduct research on radars, radar signal characteristics, and cognitive radar EW based on specified project requirements• Participate in machine learning workshops related to cognitive radar EW• Coordinate with cross-functional teams to hold and participate in design reviews• Write report to outline functional requirements, test cases, and results• Deliver presentation to DRDC executives to showcase findings on cognitive radar EW and to demonstrate prototype Indigotech Sales Associate Company Name Indigo Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Ottawa, ON Certified Apple Product Professional. Sales associate responsible for selling consumer electronics, including flagship Apple products, e-book readers, and wearable technologies.• Create meaningful liaisons between customers and the company to maximize commercial opportunities• Provide customers with step by step instructions to resolve technical issues with products• Produce new sales leads by generating excitement around products• Build rapports with customers to uncover their needs and provide the right solutions• Utilize interpersonal skills to effectively collaborate with other team members and adapt to their style of communication, including people of different backgrounds• Recommend new merchandising practices to increase commercial opportunities Hardware Engineer Company Name Plexstar Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Lewisville, Tx Assist a fast-paced hardware team with designing and developing telecommunication transport equipment.• Write, test, and debug code in VHDL using Altera Quartus• Create electronic schematics, generate netlists, and produce BOMs using OrCAD Capture• Edit technical documentation on flagship products Education University of Ottawa / Université d'Ottawa Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2016 w/ Specialization in Systems Engineering Colonel By Secoundary School Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements C See 6 endorsements for C 6 C Mohamad Hussen Lezzeik and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C++ See 5 endorsements for C++ 5 C++ Mohamad Hussen Lezzeik and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Teamwork See 5 endorsements for Teamwork 5 Teamwork MOATH AL MUHAISEN and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rasheeq has 16 courses 16 Expand courses section Courses Circuits Communication Systems Computer Architecture Control Engineering Data Communications & Networking Digital Signal Processing Electric Machines & Power Systems Electric Power Transmission, Distribution & Utilization Electromagnetic Engineering Electronics Rasheeq has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Bangla English French Rasheeq has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Nortel Networks Admission Scholarship Rasheeq has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Input UI for Cursor Control via Pupil Tracking Interests Nike 1,193,746 followers Defence Research and Development Canada | Recherche et développement pour la défense Canada 4,127 followers SpaceX 271,620 followers SSENSE 13,182 followers Ross Video 5,476 followers GE 1,426,687 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ahmad has a account Ahmad Abbas Principal Hardware Engineer at Leap Motion Leap Motion University of Maryland Baltimore County San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ahmad’s Activity 714 followers RK3368H，Octa-core SoC for Tablet...👍👍👍 Ahmad liked El Pollo - our prototype robot for DRL and VOLAslam Ahmad liked castAR coming this Fall? Ahmad liked SiFive Secures $8.5 Million in Funding to Advance RISC-V Based Semiconductors Ahmad liked How Smart People Work Less And Get More Done Ahmad liked AWE USA 2017 - Bizzabo Ahmad liked See all activity Experience Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Leap Motion Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Hardware Engineer Company Name Leap Motion Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Senior Embedded Systems Engineer Company Name MRA Digital, LLC Dates Employed May 2012 – May 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Columbia, Maryland Demonstrator Company Name Mansoura University Dates Employed 2006 – 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Egypt Education University of Maryland Baltimore County Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Computer Engineering Grade GPA 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2018 University of Maryland Baltimore County Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Computer Engineering Grade GPA 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Master of Science in Computer Engineering in the field of Wireless Sensor Network Mansoura University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BSc) Field Of Study Electronics and Communications Engineering Grade Ranked #1 student in the department of Electronics and Communication Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 44 endorsements for Embedded Systems 44 Embedded Systems Endorsed by 5 of Ahmad’s colleagues at Leap Motion Click and drag to reorder skills FPGA See 30 endorsements for FPGA 30 FPGA Ahmed Nashed and 29 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microcontrollers See 30 endorsements for Microcontrollers 30 Microcontrollers Endorsed by 2 of Ahmad’s colleagues at Leap Motion Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ahmad has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Establishing Connectivity among Disjoint Terminals Using a Mix of Stationary and Mobile Relays Interconnecting disjoint network segments using a mix of stationary and mobile nodes Interests MediaTek 53,746 followers castAR 3,067 followers Xilinx 5,399 members ARM 84,618 followers Leap Motion 8,098 followers WaveOptics 251 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mike has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Mike Branch Senior Hardware Engineer Google California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo San Francisco Bay Area 411 411 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A results-oriented Hardware Engineer and Manager, with a proven track record of leading diverse development teams and delivering high quality designs. Two years of technical management and eight years of team leadership experience.A well-organized, effective communicator who thrives in a collaborative team environment. Talent for optimizing work flows for quality and efficiency. Strengths include:-- Technical Management-- Project Management-- High-Speed Board Design-- Signal Integrity-- System Architecture-- High Availability Design-- Ethernet, TCP/IP, SONET-- Video and Voice Systems-- FPGA Design See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Manager, Hardware Engineering Company Name Cisco Systems Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Responsible for development and sustaining activities for all of the Media Experience and Analytics Business Unit’s hardware deliverables, including the MXE-5600 modular chassis platform and multiple Intel-based appliance platforms. Technical Leader, Hardware Engineering Company Name Cisco Systems Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Joined small startup-like Business Unit to architect, design and deliver the new MXE-5600 Media Processing Platform. Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Ditech Networks / Altamar Networks Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Adaptable team member serving, as needed, the roles of project manager, architect and board designer. Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Atmosphere Networks Dates Employed Mar 1999 – Jul 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Quickly became a valuable contributor to an international hardware development team. See more positions Education California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo Degree Name BSEE Santa Clara University Degree Name MSEE Featured Skills & Endorsements Hardware See 25 endorsements for Hardware 25 Hardware Alan H. and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills FPGA See 20 endorsements for FPGA 20 FPGA Babi Seal and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills System Architecture See 19 endorsements for System Architecture 19 System Architecture Alan H. and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Chuck Byers System Architect and Modular Platform Expert September 6, 2012, Mike worked with Chuck in the same group Mike and I worked together as colleagues during the architecture, development and evolutionary planning phases of the Media Experience Engine 5600. He is one of the strongest hardware professionals I have encountered. He has exceptional capabilities at multiple levels and project phases, including requirements gathering, architectural refinement, detailed HW development, debugging, factory interface, production, cost reduction, and evolution. Due in large part to Mike's contribution to the project, the MXE 5600 hardware base achieved six sigma quality in its first iteration (very rare at Cisco). Mike is also a very effective people manager. Although I did not report directly to him, as platform architect I did attend his weekly HW group meetings, and found him well organized, motivated, fair, and able to get the best from the people who report to him. It would be a pleasure to work in his management chain someday. David Pearson Director, Lamp Engineering at Soraa June 28, 2012, David managed Mike directly Mike reported to me at Ditech Networks, and joined my team at Cisco shortly after my move there. During those ten years, Mike progressed from a top-notch individual contributor to a seasoned and professional leader. He has repeatedly demonstrated the ability to take complex hardware products from concept to production release, and support them throughout their their lifecycle. Mike has always set high standards for his own work, and engages those around him to do likewise. He fosters collaborative, sound, and transparent engineering and architectural decisions, based on an organized convergence process. His communication skills are outstanding; he was extremely effective at the often-challenging task of managing off-shore development and CM activities.Mike is also superb at balancing the needs of the various stakeholders in his programs: Line management, peer engineers (hardware, software, mechanical), product marketing, suppliers, manufacturing, all can rely on Mike to work with them to agree on plans, and dates, and then deliver on his commitments.I wholeheartedly recommend Mike, and would welcome the opportunity to work with him again. Chuck Byers System Architect and Modular Platform Expert September 14, 2012, Chuck worked with Mike in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Chuck at Cisco in the Media Experience and Analytics Business Unit (MXABU) for several years, where Chuck served as our System Architect. Chuck's vision and architecture were absolutely critical inputs to the successful launch of the MXE-5600 video processing platform.Chuck's breadth of expertise is impressive, covering system level design, product architecture, electrical, mechanical, thermal, packaging, reliability, and redundancy to name a few. He is very data-driven and methodical in his approach to solving complex engineering problems. He has consistently demonstrated innovative thinking and novel design in the above areas that added real value to our MXE-5600 product line. I give Chuck my 100% recommendation without hesitation. David Pearson Director, Lamp Engineering at Soraa June 28, 2012, Mike reported directly to David Before Dave's move to Wrightspeed, I worked under his direct management for 10 consecutive years. During this time, I quickly came to appreciate Dave's combination of technical expertise and managerial ability that truly makes him stand out from the crowd. Dave has the rare ability to thoroughly understand complex systems from a high architectural level all the way down to the low implementation details. With this unique perspective, he is able to quickly see how design tradeoffs at one level affect those at other levels. Dave's commitment to delivering high quality hardware on schedule is infectious within his teams. He is able to strike a healthy balance between motivating manager, skilled technical mentor and inspirational leader.It has always been a pleasure to work with Dave and I can confidently give him my absolute recommendation. Accomplishments Interests high speed board design and development 11,663 members Google Universe : Jobs, Tools, Trends and Galaxies of Ideas 129,550 members Cal Poly - Bay Area - Alumni 5,597 members California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo 135,022 followers California Polytechnic State University San Luis Obispo Alumni 31,321 members California Polytechnic State University 129,179 followers See all See all following
More Actions Natalie has a account Natalie Harrison Division Talent Recruiter at Eaton's Cooper Lighting Eaton Corporation California State University-Sacramento Greater Atlanta Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Division Talent Acquisition Recruiter Company Name Eaton Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location Peachtree City, GA Leading Talent Acquisition for Eaton - Lighting solutions Division. Corporate Recruiter - Recruiting Shared Services Team Company Name Cooper Industries Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Houston, Texas Area Construction Manager Recruiter Company Name Aerotek Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Las Vegas, Nevada Area Technical Recruiter Company Name Aerotek, E&E (Environmental & Engineering) Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Las Vegas, Nevada Area Operations manager Company Name 24 Hour Fitness Dates Employed 2005 – 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area See more positions Education California State University-Sacramento Degree Name BS Field Of Study Kinesiology Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Talent Acquisition See 122 endorsements for Talent Acquisition 99+ Talent Acquisition Endorsed by Jason Pitts and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Sourcing See 99 endorsements for Sourcing 99 Sourcing Endorsed by David Barlaam and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Recruiting See 76 endorsements for Recruiting 76 Recruiting Endorsed by Jason Pitts and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (2) David Barlaam Director of Talent Acquisition November 28, 2012, David managed Natalie directly Natalie has done an outstanding job in each of her roles here at Cooper Industries. Since joining our centralized executive recruiting team in 2009, she has grown tremendously and has filled some terrific roles during her tenure here! Natalie has built a great reputation both internally and externally, and is a true professional. She can be relied upon to be exacting when needed, and stretched out of her comfort zone when challenged. She is valued across Cooper for her relationships, for her candidates and for her tenacity – internal clients regularly ask for her by name. She is a valued resource company wide, and is doing great work in her new divisional position! Keith Nickles President, N2 Solutions LLC May 25, 2012, Keith was senior to Natalie but didn’t manage directly Natalie is the first person I interacted with when she recruited me to be the Director of Aviation for Cooper Industries. My experience with her throughout the interview/selection process was a signficant factor in my decision to accept the Director position. She impressed me with her complete grasp of the position requirements and her ability to keep me informed as the search progressed. Polished and professional, Natalie has a real gift for making a stressful situation as pain-free as possible. I thoroughly enjoy working with her. She is a tremendous asset to Cooper Industries and someone that would bring value to any organization. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Bob Collins Director at Hire4ce August 13, 2015, Natalie was a client of Bob’s Bob worked on a engineering recruiting project for our business. He was very detailed in his tracking and provided a comprehensive overview of information to our hiring managers to help in their candidate selection process. Bob was creative in his recruiting strategy and explored many channels to build pipeline of candidates in our target market. Thank you Bob for all of your support on this project. We were able to hire a great number of candidates from your exhaustive efforts and have built strength in our technology platform.Best of luck to you in your future endeavors. Jason Black Director of Operations at The LNG Company December 4, 2008, Jason worked with Natalie in the same group I have had the pleasure of working with Jason since I started with Aerotek. Jason is a dedicated team player and a strives to find solutions to situations. He is a great communicator and leader and brings his sense of humor to the office everday. Accomplishments Interests Interconnect Devices, Inc. 562 followers California State University-Sacramento 128,143 followers U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC) 95,701 members Philips 806,526 followers product manager/product development 29,682 members EHSQ Professionals 150,589 members See all See all following
More Actions Shane has a account Shane Sigler VP Infrastructure Engineering at Salesforce Salesforce Golden Gate University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Proven outstanding ability to translate complex technology into compelling business value for customers, partners, press, and industry analysts• Product strategy and technical marketing expert with strong business development skills• Broad and deep knowledge of server, storage, and networking markets, data center technologies, cloud, and system technology trends, competitive products and customer requirements• Over 20 years of experience in software and hardware technology marketing and engineering See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Shane’s Activity 2,233 followers Gartner Names Salesforce a Leader of High Productivity Application Platforms as a Service Shane shared this Get a front row seat to watch live coverage all day long from the Salesforce World Tour in NYC. Shane shared this See all activity Experience VP Infrastructure Engineering Company Name Salesforce Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Senior Director Infrastructure Product Marketing Company Name salesforce.com Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Senior Director Strategic Engagement and Portfolio Strategy Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Lead team responsible for strategic customer engagements, shaping $4B Systems portfolio direction based on global strategic customer needs. Engage with sales teams to deliver Systems vision and portfolio strategy to customers to ensure near-term and long-term revenue growth. • Deliver market, product, and competitive analyses shaping strategic direction of Systems Product portfolio spanning, Engineered Systems (SuperCluster), Servers (SPARC and x86), Storage (Disk, Flash and Tape), Networking (Ethernet and Infiniband), and Solaris Operating System• Produce and deliver material on strategy, value propositions, product positioning and competitive differentiation for Oracle Hardware portfolio to customers, partners, and worldwide sales organization. Clearly articulate the customer value for the Oracle Hardware and Software Complete message.• Inaugurated key System Strategy Customer Council. Recruit key C-level customers to participate in bi-annual meetings. Design agenda with Engineering VPs to drive customer insight and interaction on portfolio strategy and direction. Drive long-term customer relationships to enable growth in share of wallet for IT budget. • Key contributor to development and launch of strategic revenue-generating products, including SPARC (T4, T5, M5), x86 (X2, X3, X4) and Storage products (ZFS-SA/ZS3)• Responsible for global Systems roadmap and strategy presentation. Setup and maintain process to distribute and train global technical sales with quarterly roadmap presentations and NDA information for disclosure to key customers and partners.• Executive speaker and representative at worldwide analyst events on Oracle Hardware Strategy and products Director Product Definition and Strategy, CTO Systems Marketing Company Name Sun Microsystems Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Drove product requirements for $6B hardware organization. Defined server, storage, and networking products in collaboration with CTO, Chief Architect, and staff engineering architects. • Led definition of visionary NAND Flash Storage products, including Sun Storage F5100 Flash Array and Sun Flash Accelerator F20. Resulting in new multi-million dollar systems and storage opportunity. These products enabled record-breaking performance on key industry benchmarks (TPC-C) at a fraction of the cost of previous systems.• Developed product and market requirement documents; develop and deliver Concept product lifecycle material for new product approval. Defined 20+ products, over 24 months, to streamline and fill gaps in product portfolio. Consulted with product marketing team on launch messaging for the successful launches of major Server, Storage and Networking product lines. • Led cross-functional teams to define and implement SMI and Sun’s Systems Virtualization strategies. Following successful rollout of Sun’s Virtualization direction, Growth Targets achieved above expectations.• Delivered competitive market and product analysis to drive product specifications and influence product positioning, messaging and pricing.• Spokesperson for Sun’s Hardware Systems strategy to customers, analysts, and sales. Collaborated with Product Managers and Product Marketing to shape product strategy and customer focused messaging.• Consulted with other Sun divisions (Software and Sales), across all levels, to provide hardware product and market expertise to drive additional products and revenue Senior System Engineer, Chief Technology Office, Global Sales Company Name Sun Microsystems Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Drove IT architecture, strategy, and implementation for knowledge management tools used by headquarters and worldwide technical field sales groups.• Redesigned primary knowledge management tool to improve critical-to-quality issues for users; leading to a 2x increase in usage within one year. Users consistently reported improved quality and satisfaction.• Liaison with product groups to provide NDA information to worldwide Systems Engineers. See more positions Education Golden Gate University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study International Business, Strategy, and Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Cloud Computing See 123 endorsements for Cloud Computing 99+ Cloud Computing Endorsed by Sohrab Modi and 27 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Shane’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills Storage See 81 endorsements for Storage 81 Storage Endorsed by James Mauro and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Shane’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills Enterprise Software See 89 endorsements for Enterprise Software 89 Enterprise Software Endorsed by Robert Duffner and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Shane’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Arun Singh Director, Infrastructure Product Marketing November 29, 2013, Shane was senior to Arun but didn’t manage directly Shane’s technical and business knowledge of overall system solutions from both hardware and software aspects is unprecedented. This knowledge combined with his ability to articulate complex system value propositions to satisfy customer’s unmet needs in a lucid way, makes him a very unique and instrumental speaker. Shane has mentored and guided me in my pursuit to develop these skills. He has led by example by demonstrating the same in various customer meetings that I have accompanied him. David Baker Service Provider Cloud Architect - Senior vArchitect at CPSD, Dell-EMC January 13, 2014, Shane was senior to David but didn’t manage directly Shane is a thoughtful and pragmatic evangelist. He is a great public speaker and convey a complex strategy in an easily understood manner.I worked with Shane regularly over a 3 year period and he provided great support to our business. In particular his follow through was exceptional. He would always ensure any questions were resolved.He is a great strategic thinker and would be an asset to any organisation. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Arista Networks 58,347 followers Michael SkokMichael Skok is a LinkedIn Influencer Founding Partner at Underscore VC, EIR at Harvard Business School 129,375 followers Ben HorowitzBen Horowitz is a LinkedIn Influencer Horowitz at Andreessen Horowitz 221,826 followers Reid HoffmanReid Hoffman is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur. Product Strategist. Investor. 1,397,957 followers Mark SusterMark Suster is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner, Upfront Ventures 109,261 followers Palantir Technologies 49,715 followers See all See all following
More Actions Henry has a account Henry Fong Senior Electronic Engineer at Imation Electronic Products Hong Kong Imation Electronic Products Hong Kong City University of Hong Kong Hong Kong 11 11 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Electronic Engineer Company Name Imation Electronic Products Hong Kong Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Hong Kong Focusing on audio system, with an Engineering team to - Study new technologies- Design and build prototypes- Make electronic design decisions- Direct hardware and software integration tasks - Evaluate sample submitted by contract manufacturer Senior Electronic Engineer Company Name Group Sense Limited Dates Employed 2005 – 2014 Employment Duration 9 yrs Location Hong Kong With an Engineering team to develope- Bluetooth headset- Bluetooth speaker- eBook reader- Table-top ordering machine- Android set-top box Electronic Engineer Company Name Antonio Precise Products Manufactory Limited Dates Employed 2000 – 2005 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Hong Kong Developed- Headphone- Headset- Bluetooth headset Education City University of Hong Kong Degree Name Master of Science Electronic and Information Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 The Chinese University of Hong Kong Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering in Electronic Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Bluetooth Bluetooth No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics Electronics No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Analog Circuits Analog Circuits No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Henry has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Mandarin Interests Pulse 1,535,188 followers The Chinese University of Hong Kong 77,962 followers City University of Hong Kong 54,444 followers The Chinese University of Hong Kong 72,377 followers City University of Hong Kong 57,842 followers
More Actions Shane has a account Shane Kennedy Undergraduate Electrical Engineering Student Queen's Visual Cognition Lab Queen's University Toronto, Canada Area 93 93 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A creative and effective problem solver with a passion for data driven solutions. Please feel free to check out my programming/data science portfolio at the link below.-Proficient in C, Python(Django, numpy, matplotlib) and MATLAB, programming languages -Experience in web design using HTML, CSS and Javascript, Python Django-Experience using Google APIs (Maps, Custom Search Engine)-Experience in system, statistical modelling -Excellent problem solving skills-Proficient in Microsoft Office See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Shane’s Activity 93 followers SAP unveils blockchain service in the cloud Shane liked Find the thing that is your biggest weakness or that you are most fearful of and work on it every day. People tend to avoid the things that they do not excel in. However, this is the completely wrong way to go about growth. There is a fundamental reason that you are not completing the task. It is because it makes you feel uncomfortable. People need to put their effort towards the things that they hate the most. It is the only way to improve. For example, I used to hate using Photoshop. I had the mentality that I could always outsource the work to someone else. This was the biggest mistake that I could have ever made. It took me a long time to realize that I needed to strengthen my biggest weakness. I now take a weekly graphic design course that has taught me the fundamental skills needed to do basic design. It has proven beneficial because now when I assign a task to my team of graphic designers, I have a greater understanding of the work that goes into the final product. If you are comfortable doing so, share with me in the comments or in our private conversations some of what you perceive to be your most significant flaws. To be self-critical is to be aware and I would love to engage with well-rounded individuals. Shane liked See all activity Experience Application Developer Company Name Queen's Visual Cognition Lab Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Kingston, Ontario Develop web applications to support collaborative data collection (Node.js, Expressjs, mongoDB, AWS)Update maintain analytical tools (MATLAB, python) Quantitative Developer/Analyst Company Name Independant Trader Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Mississauga -Backtest quantitative trading strategies on s&p500 contituents to show strategy performance against the buy and hold-Developed software tool that contains a library of strategies for user to repeat backtests with different parameters with optimization capabilities using MATLAB, python-Strategies include time-series analysis, monte-carlo simulations-Designed buy/sell signal generating scripts-Implemented momentum ranking strategies Test engineering intern, Solar lab Company Name Celestica Dates Employed May 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Toronto, Canada Area -Perform certification testing on customer-designed modules-Design analytical software tools using python-Develop data validation python scripts-Statistical modelling for test repeatability and process evaluation-Process development and automation Application Developer Company Name Queen's Visual Cognition Lab Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Kingston, Ontario -Developed analytical tools for researchers to take 600,000+ lines of data to produce and extract meaningful and organized results using MATLAB-Developed software applications to facilitate/automate experiment procedures-Maintained and optimized existing applications and algorithms Education Queen's University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2018 Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 4 endorsements for Matlab 4 Matlab Zachary Weima and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 4 endorsements for Python 4 Python Zachary Weima and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 4 endorsements for Data Analysis 4 Data Analysis Zachary Weima and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Shane has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project University of Toronto Hacks 2017 Interests AQR Capital Management 18,980 followers Street Contxt 672 followers Konrad Group 2,712 followers Cratejoy 859 followers StackAdapt 3,818 followers Squarespace 17,797 followers See all See all following
More Actions Barry has a account Barry Wilkins Hardware Design Engineer at Sirtrack Ltd Sirtrack Ltd New Zealand 9 9 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Sirtrack Ltd Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 2 mos Location Sirtrack Havelock North Hastings NZ Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,188 followers
More Actions Shane has a account Shane Kennedy Undergraduate Electrical Engineering Student Queen's Visual Cognition Lab Queen's University Toronto, Canada Area 93 93 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A creative and effective problem solver with a passion for data driven solutions. Please feel free to check out my programming/data science portfolio at the link below.-Proficient in C, Python(Django, numpy, matplotlib) and MATLAB, programming languages -Experience in web design using HTML, CSS and Javascript, Python Django-Experience using Google APIs (Maps, Custom Search Engine)-Experience in system, statistical modelling -Excellent problem solving skills-Proficient in Microsoft Office See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Shane’s Activity 93 followers SAP unveils blockchain service in the cloud Shane liked Find the thing that is your biggest weakness or that you are most fearful of and work on it every day. People tend to avoid the things that they do not excel in. However, this is the completely wrong way to go about growth. There is a fundamental reason that you are not completing the task. It is because it makes you feel uncomfortable. People need to put their effort towards the things that they hate the most. It is the only way to improve. For example, I used to hate using Photoshop. I had the mentality that I could always outsource the work to someone else. This was the biggest mistake that I could have ever made. It took me a long time to realize that I needed to strengthen my biggest weakness. I now take a weekly graphic design course that has taught me the fundamental skills needed to do basic design. It has proven beneficial because now when I assign a task to my team of graphic designers, I have a greater understanding of the work that goes into the final product. If you are comfortable doing so, share with me in the comments or in our private conversations some of what you perceive to be your most significant flaws. To be self-critical is to be aware and I would love to engage with well-rounded individuals. Shane liked See all activity Experience Application Developer Company Name Queen's Visual Cognition Lab Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Kingston, Ontario Develop web applications to support collaborative data collection (Node.js, Expressjs, mongoDB, AWS)Update maintain analytical tools (MATLAB, python) Quantitative Developer/Analyst Company Name Independant Trader Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Mississauga -Backtest quantitative trading strategies on s&p500 contituents to show strategy performance against the buy and hold-Developed software tool that contains a library of strategies for user to repeat backtests with different parameters with optimization capabilities using MATLAB, python-Strategies include time-series analysis, monte-carlo simulations-Designed buy/sell signal generating scripts-Implemented momentum ranking strategies Test engineering intern, Solar lab Company Name Celestica Dates Employed May 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Toronto, Canada Area -Perform certification testing on customer-designed modules-Design analytical software tools using python-Develop data validation python scripts-Statistical modelling for test repeatability and process evaluation-Process development and automation Application Developer Company Name Queen's Visual Cognition Lab Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Kingston, Ontario -Developed analytical tools for researchers to take 600,000+ lines of data to produce and extract meaningful and organized results using MATLAB-Developed software applications to facilitate/automate experiment procedures-Maintained and optimized existing applications and algorithms Education Queen's University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2018 Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 4 endorsements for Matlab 4 Matlab Zachary Weima and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Python See 4 endorsements for Python 4 Python Zachary Weima and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Data Analysis See 4 endorsements for Data Analysis 4 Data Analysis Zachary Weima and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Shane has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project University of Toronto Hacks 2017 Interests Airbnb 359,200 followers AQR Capital Management 18,980 followers GQR Global Markets 64,301 followers AOMS Technologies Inc. 34 followers Point72 12,259 followers MathWorks 60,997 followers See all See all following
More Actions Shane has a account Shane Sigler VP Infrastructure Engineering at Salesforce Salesforce Golden Gate University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Proven outstanding ability to translate complex technology into compelling business value for customers, partners, press, and industry analysts• Product strategy and technical marketing expert with strong business development skills• Broad and deep knowledge of server, storage, and networking markets, data center technologies, cloud, and system technology trends, competitive products and customer requirements• Over 20 years of experience in software and hardware technology marketing and engineering See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Shane’s Activity 2,233 followers Gartner Names Salesforce a Leader of High Productivity Application Platforms as a Service Shane shared this Get a front row seat to watch live coverage all day long from the Salesforce World Tour in NYC. Shane shared this See all activity Experience VP Infrastructure Engineering Company Name Salesforce Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Senior Director Infrastructure Product Marketing Company Name salesforce.com Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Senior Director Strategic Engagement and Portfolio Strategy Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Lead team responsible for strategic customer engagements, shaping $4B Systems portfolio direction based on global strategic customer needs. Engage with sales teams to deliver Systems vision and portfolio strategy to customers to ensure near-term and long-term revenue growth. • Deliver market, product, and competitive analyses shaping strategic direction of Systems Product portfolio spanning, Engineered Systems (SuperCluster), Servers (SPARC and x86), Storage (Disk, Flash and Tape), Networking (Ethernet and Infiniband), and Solaris Operating System• Produce and deliver material on strategy, value propositions, product positioning and competitive differentiation for Oracle Hardware portfolio to customers, partners, and worldwide sales organization. Clearly articulate the customer value for the Oracle Hardware and Software Complete message.• Inaugurated key System Strategy Customer Council. Recruit key C-level customers to participate in bi-annual meetings. Design agenda with Engineering VPs to drive customer insight and interaction on portfolio strategy and direction. Drive long-term customer relationships to enable growth in share of wallet for IT budget. • Key contributor to development and launch of strategic revenue-generating products, including SPARC (T4, T5, M5), x86 (X2, X3, X4) and Storage products (ZFS-SA/ZS3)• Responsible for global Systems roadmap and strategy presentation. Setup and maintain process to distribute and train global technical sales with quarterly roadmap presentations and NDA information for disclosure to key customers and partners.• Executive speaker and representative at worldwide analyst events on Oracle Hardware Strategy and products Director Product Definition and Strategy, CTO Systems Marketing Company Name Sun Microsystems Dates Employed Jan 2005 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Drove product requirements for $6B hardware organization. Defined server, storage, and networking products in collaboration with CTO, Chief Architect, and staff engineering architects. • Led definition of visionary NAND Flash Storage products, including Sun Storage F5100 Flash Array and Sun Flash Accelerator F20. Resulting in new multi-million dollar systems and storage opportunity. These products enabled record-breaking performance on key industry benchmarks (TPC-C) at a fraction of the cost of previous systems.• Developed product and market requirement documents; develop and deliver Concept product lifecycle material for new product approval. Defined 20+ products, over 24 months, to streamline and fill gaps in product portfolio. Consulted with product marketing team on launch messaging for the successful launches of major Server, Storage and Networking product lines. • Led cross-functional teams to define and implement SMI and Sun’s Systems Virtualization strategies. Following successful rollout of Sun’s Virtualization direction, Growth Targets achieved above expectations.• Delivered competitive market and product analysis to drive product specifications and influence product positioning, messaging and pricing.• Spokesperson for Sun’s Hardware Systems strategy to customers, analysts, and sales. Collaborated with Product Managers and Product Marketing to shape product strategy and customer focused messaging.• Consulted with other Sun divisions (Software and Sales), across all levels, to provide hardware product and market expertise to drive additional products and revenue Senior System Engineer, Chief Technology Office, Global Sales Company Name Sun Microsystems Dates Employed 2003 – 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs Drove IT architecture, strategy, and implementation for knowledge management tools used by headquarters and worldwide technical field sales groups.• Redesigned primary knowledge management tool to improve critical-to-quality issues for users; leading to a 2x increase in usage within one year. Users consistently reported improved quality and satisfaction.• Liaison with product groups to provide NDA information to worldwide Systems Engineers. See more positions Education Golden Gate University Degree Name MBA Field Of Study International Business, Strategy, and Marketing Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2004 Featured Skills & Endorsements Cloud Computing See 123 endorsements for Cloud Computing 99+ Cloud Computing Endorsed by Sohrab Modi and 27 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Shane’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills Storage See 81 endorsements for Storage 81 Storage Endorsed by James Mauro and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Shane’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills Enterprise Software See 89 endorsements for Enterprise Software 89 Enterprise Software Endorsed by Robert Duffner and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Shane’s colleagues at Salesforce Click and drag to reorder skills View 44 more View 44 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Arun Singh Director, Infrastructure Product Marketing November 29, 2013, Shane was senior to Arun but didn’t manage directly Shane’s technical and business knowledge of overall system solutions from both hardware and software aspects is unprecedented. This knowledge combined with his ability to articulate complex system value propositions to satisfy customer’s unmet needs in a lucid way, makes him a very unique and instrumental speaker. Shane has mentored and guided me in my pursuit to develop these skills. He has led by example by demonstrating the same in various customer meetings that I have accompanied him. David Baker Service Provider Cloud Architect - Senior vArchitect at CPSD, Dell-EMC January 13, 2014, Shane was senior to David but didn’t manage directly Shane is a thoughtful and pragmatic evangelist. He is a great public speaker and convey a complex strategy in an easily understood manner.I worked with Shane regularly over a 3 year period and he provided great support to our business. In particular his follow through was exceptional. He would always ensure any questions were resolved.He is a great strategic thinker and would be an asset to any organisation. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Golden Gate University 42,318 followers LinkedIn 2,127,829 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,679 followers Bill GrossBill Gross is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO of Idealab 328,307 followers Palantir Technologies 49,715 followers Open Compute Project 3,054 members See all See all following
More Actions Henry has a account Henry Fong Senior Electronic Engineer at Imation Electronic Products Hong Kong Imation Electronic Products Hong Kong City University of Hong Kong Hong Kong 11 11 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Electronic Engineer Company Name Imation Electronic Products Hong Kong Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Hong Kong Focusing on audio system, with an Engineering team to - Study new technologies- Design and build prototypes- Make electronic design decisions- Direct hardware and software integration tasks - Evaluate sample submitted by contract manufacturer Senior Electronic Engineer Company Name Group Sense Limited Dates Employed 2005 – 2014 Employment Duration 9 yrs Location Hong Kong With an Engineering team to develope- Bluetooth headset- Bluetooth speaker- eBook reader- Table-top ordering machine- Android set-top box Electronic Engineer Company Name Antonio Precise Products Manufactory Limited Dates Employed 2000 – 2005 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Hong Kong Developed- Headphone- Headset- Bluetooth headset Education City University of Hong Kong Degree Name Master of Science Electronic and Information Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 The Chinese University of Hong Kong Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering in Electronic Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Bluetooth Bluetooth No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics Electronics No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Analog Circuits Analog Circuits No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Henry has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese English Mandarin Interests The Chinese University of Hong Kong 72,377 followers City University of Hong Kong 57,842 followers The Chinese University of Hong Kong 77,962 followers City University of Hong Kong 54,441 followers Pulse 1,535,190 followers
More Actions Rui has a account Rui Guan Hardware Engineer at Apple Apple Clarkson University Cupertino, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Apple Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Cupertino, California Drive Train Engineer Company Name Ogin, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Waltham, MA Electromagnetic Design Engineer Company Name Vestas Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Marlborough, MA Electric Machine Designer Company Name Remy International Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Pendleton, IN Research Assistant Company Name Clarkson University Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Postdam, NY Education Clarkson University Degree Name MSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Grade 4.0/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Chongqing University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Finite Element Analysis See 22 endorsements for Finite Element Analysis 22 Finite Element Analysis Endorsed by Emad Dlala and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Rui’s colleagues at Vestas Click and drag to reorder skills Power Electronics See 21 endorsements for Power Electronics 21 Power Electronics Endorsed by Dale Glubrecht and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Rui’s colleagues at Vestas Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 17 endorsements for Electronics 17 Electronics Endorsed by 4 of Rui’s colleagues at Vestas Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Ravi Tetambe Program Manager April 14, 2015, Ravi managed Rui directly I have worked with Rui Guan. Rui is highly talented individual with collaborative nature and pleasant personality. Rui is an excellent leader and team player. Ranjeet Vader Director Program Management at Ener-Core, Inc. November 13, 2012, Ranjeet managed Rui directly I have worked with and managed Rui (Ray) for less than a year. Ray is very highly technically adapt in the machine design fundamentals. He is an honest, hard working individual and would be a great additional to any team. He is dedicated to get his work completed in the right way and on time. Ray has my highest recommendation. Ranjeet Vader Director Program Management at Ener-Core, Inc. November 13, 2012, Rui reported directly to Ranjeet Mr. Ranjeet Vader deserves my first-rate evaluation. It is my honor to work under the guidance of Ranjeet in Vestas. All his impressive jobs done with us have demonstrated his knowledge and ability in both management and technology. As an individual, he is extremely warm, pleasant and out-going. He is a ‘people person’ with a high level of commitment to his career and professional growth. He is also very creative. I would recommend him with enthusiasm in his future career. Accomplishments Interests FMC Technologies 142,084 followers Rotating Equipment Engineers 22,846 members Hyperloop Transportation Technologies, Inc. 8,012 followers ac induction motor 1,768 members Hybrid, Electric, PEV, and PHEV Engineering Professional Group 18,577 members Pulse 1,535,190 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rishe has a account Rishe Sivagnanam Design Engineer at Philips Healthcare Philips Case Western Reserve University Cleveland, Ohio 180 180 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent The engineering world has always fascinated me – the opportunity to solve complex problems, the ability to create solutions and help and inspire others, and the challenge of modeling the complexities of problems with a few given tools. I love the field of engineering because it takes more than the skills one learned in school to come up with a solution to a real world problem. I continue to seek roles that provide me the best chance to fuse my math and science skills with soft skills and common sense problem solving. I am a recent graduate of Case Western Reserve University School of Engineering in Biomedical Engineering with a minor in Mechanical Design and Manufacturing. However, my interests span a wide variety of fields from imaging, robotics, aerospace, and more. I offer both creative and analytical thinking with effective communication skills and a positive attitude. Whatever I take on, I be sure to give it my best effort and truly love what I do, and I believe it shows in my work. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Design Engineer Company Name Philips Dates Employed May 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Highland Heights, OH - Created and processed Engineering Change Requests/Orders from onset to completion- Handled defect complaint and investigation- Extensively used I-DEAS (CAD) and Agile (PLM tool) to process changes CT Systems Verification Engineer Company Name Philips Healthcare Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Highland Heights, OH - System level testing and test design of hardware, software, and documentation for CT scanners using good documentation practices in an FDA-regulated environment- Troubleshot and managed system issues using defect tracking software throughout product life-cycles- Managed and traced product requirements and risks- Wrote and executed calibration tests using Matlab for CT scanners Research Associate Company Name Case Western Reserve University Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area - Project lead on Flickering Experiment- Worked with Matlab for an image processing algorithm- Fabricate microfluidic chips for use in experiments Media (1) This position has 1 media CASE Biomanufacturing and Microfabrication Laboratory (BML) CASE Biomanufacturing and Microfabrication Laboratory (BML) This media is a link Research Assistant Company Name Cleveland Clinic Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area - Managed stock for the lab - Manufactured chemical buffers as needed for experiments and aliquot serums for stock- Prepared petri dishes for future experiments - Introduced a new protocol to ensure a clean workplace- Trained new interns in daily duties of lab Manufacturing Engineer Intern Company Name Northrop Grumman Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2012 – May 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos - Used engineering software such as Catia and Deep Exploration- Wrote Visual Work Instructions and Mechanic Instructions - Optimized instructions for efficiency and ease of understanding on the F-35 Program- Communicated effectively with other Manufacturing Engineers to complete projects- Observed how to manage a team of mechanics on the floor Education Case Western Reserve University Degree Name Biomedical Engineering Field Of Study Biomechanics Grade Senior Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2017 Activities and Societies: • Global Health Design Club • Mather Dance Collective (MaDaCol) • National Association of Rocketry • American Society of Mechanical Engineers • Biomedical Engineering Society • Theta Chi Fraternity Pursuing an undergraduate degree in Biomedical Engineering with a minor in Mechanical Design and Manufacturing Volunteer Experience Volunteer through MIND Company Name MedWish International Dates volunteered Jan 2014 – Jan 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology Through my local organization, MIND, I volunteer once a week and go to the local Medwish facility to rehabilitate old medical equipment for use in other countries. Tutor Company Name Case Western Reserve University Dates volunteered Jan 2012 – Dec 2013 Volunteer duration 2 yrs Cause Education Through a church, Church of the Covenant, I tutored local high school and middle school students in various subjects from math to history every Saturday morning. Mentor for Emerging Leaders Program Company Name Case Western Reserve University Dates volunteered Aug 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 3 yrs 10 mos Cause Education Mentors first and second year undergraduate students who are in the Emerging Leaders Program. Provides advice regarding students' academic and professional goals through continued meetings. See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Agile Project Management See 2 endorsements for Agile Project Management 2 Agile Project Management Endorsed by 2 of Rishe’s colleagues at Philips Click and drag to reorder skills Solidworks See 4 endorsements for Solidworks 4 Solidworks George Zhang and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills ClearCase See 2 endorsements for ClearCase 2 ClearCase Endorsed by 2 of Rishe’s colleagues at Philips Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Rishe has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses EBME (Physiology, Biophysics, Signals and Systems, Senior Design) ENGR (Matlab, Chemistry of Materials, Circuits) MATH (Calculus I, II, III), Differential Equations PHYS (Mechanics), Electricity and Magnetism Rishe has 4 organizations 4 Expand organizations section Organizations Theta Chi Fraternity Global Health Design Club Case Rocket Team American Society for Mechanical Engineers Rishe has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Tamil Interests Stryker 318,504 followers Case Western Reserve University Career Center 658 members Cleveland Clinic 120,570 followers Case Western Reserve University 66,393 followers NuVasive 34,923 followers Case Alumni Association 2,815 members See all See all following
More Actions Jingfei has a account Jingfei Kong Graphics Engineer at Apple Apple University of Central Florida Orlando, Florida 217 217 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Graphics Engineer Company Name Apple Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Orlando, Florida Area SMTS ASIC/ Layout Design Engineer Company Name AMD Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Orlando, Florida Area • Graphics Core Hardware Architecture/Design/Verification on AMD GFXIP Asynchronous Compute Pipelines (notably on GPU compute context switching)Responsibilities: technical lead/triage expert on GC DV test planning and test plan execution; develop compute random test framework to tackle GC verification challenges; aggressively resolve problems across GFXIP block teams related to Asynchronous Compute Pipelines, and as feature owner/GPU compute expert drive Arch, Design and DV to successful completion through DV testing, performance verification, RTL, microcode development and post-silicon bring-up support. • Graphics Core Hardware Architecture Verification on AMD GFXIP unified memory architecture related featuresResponsibilities: technical lead/triage expert on GC DV test planning and test plan execution, proactively drive feature architecture/design definitions through documentation review, aggressively drive verification support across GC DV infrastructure: test bench, test libraries and csim models. Education University of Central Florida Degree Name Ph.D Field Of Study Computer Architecture Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2010 Architectural Support for Computer SecurityGPU ComputingSelected Publications:• J. Kong, O. Acıiçmez, J.-P. Seifert and H. Zhou, “Architecting Against Software Cache-based Side Channel Attacks”, IEEE TC, 2013.• Y. Yang, P. Xiang, J. Kong, M. Mantor, and H. Zhou, “A Unified Optimizing Compiler Framework for Different GPGPU Architectures”, ACM TACO, 2012.• J. Kong, H. Zhou, “Improving Privacy and Lifetime of PCM-based Main Memory”, the 40th IEEE/IFIP DSN, 2010. • Y. Yang, P. Xiang, J. Kong, and H. Zhou, “A GPGPU Compiler for Memory Optimization and Parallelism Management”, ACM SIGNPLAN PLDI, 2010. • J. Kong, M. Dimitrov, Y. Yang, J. Liyanage, L. Cao, J. Staples, M. Mantor, H. Zhou, “Accelerating MATLAB Image Processing Toolbox Functions on GPUs”, GPGPU-3, ACM ASPLOS-XV, 2010. • J. Kong, O. Acıiçmez, J-P. Seifert, H. Zhou,“Hardware-Software Integrated Approaches to Defend Against Software Cache-based Side Channel Attacks”, IEEE HPCA-15, 2009. Southeast University Degree Name BS, MS Field Of Study Automatic Control Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements ASIC See 18 endorsements for ASIC 18 ASIC Jingen Liu and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Debugging See 11 endorsements for Debugging 11 Debugging Endorsed by 3 of Jingfei’s colleagues at AMD Click and drag to reorder skills GPU See 10 endorsements for GPU 10 GPU Chelsea Jin, CPA and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Michael Robert Kelly PMP Sr. Manager Virtual Reality Graphics Hardware Design and Verification at Radeon Technologies Group, AMD November 9, 2015, Jingfei reported directly to Michael Robert Michael is a great manager to work for. He always sets up clear expectations so you know what are the priorities. Meawhile he is very patient, supportive and helpful so you can achieve your personal growth. He is very thorough and meticulous at what he does. This is evident from both what he did in the past on verification and recent endeavor he takes on project management. I feel very fortunate to have worked for him and I am thankful for him. Accomplishments Interests 东南大学 29,614 followers University of Central Florida 222,626 followers AMD 159,591 followers Apple 3,419,473 followers Southeast University 31,268 followers NVIDIA 208,883 followers See all See all following
More Actions Aman has a account Aman Muthreja MASc Candidate in RFIC and Biosensor Design University of Waterloo University of Waterloo Waterloo, Ontario, Canada 303 303 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a RF / Analog / Mixed Signal IC Design Engineer interested in solving difficult problems. My focus is currently on ultra low power wireless sensor design for biomedical applications. Highlights Experience MASc Candidate in RFIC and Biosensor Design Company Name University of Waterloo Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Waterloo, Ontario - Supervised by Dr. John Long and Dr. Peter Levine- Completed two (2) tapeouts in 45nm SOI technology - Research in a Contact Lens based Wireless Glucose Sensor- Designed an ultra-low power GFSK PLL modulator- Designed a Glucose sensing potentiostat and 1st order Delta-Sigma Modulator- Experience designing standard building blocks in RFIC: VCO, PLL, LNA, Mixer, PA focused on ultra low power - Experience designing standard analog design blocks: Op-Amp, TIA, ADC, DAC focused on ultra low power- IC design and fabrication using Cadence Virtuoso, Advanced Design System (ADS) - Experienced in layout tools including Calibre DRC, LVS, PEX- Experienced in complete product lifecycle from intital conception, through design, simulation, layout, fabrication, test, and debug- Experienced in debugging electronic circuits using a variety of equipment- EM Simulation of Antennas using HFSS, Inductors and distributed lines using Momentum- RF Board Schematic Capture and Layout using Altium and ADS Head of Hardware Engineering Company Name Lumotune Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Kitchener, Canada Area - Led team of engineers, managing the tasks of the entire team to createhardware to drive Lumotune display prototypes- Involved in taking a project from start to finish managing all hardware related aspects including:design, test, debug, manufacturing etc- Designed high voltage variable frequency display driver for a novel display- Debugged various issues such as crosstalk, panel bandwidth, etc. and engineered solutions orworkarounds in hardware/software- Architected and programmed embedded software to control hardware- Gained experience in supervising and mentoring employees- Aided in mechanical design of system Touch and Display Electrical Engineer Company Name Apple Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 12 mos - Designed and implemented an edge detection algorithm in Matlab- Created touch performance metric, test, and analysis algorithms to improve design methodologybetween hardware architects and firmware and driver developers - Aided in debug and characterization of the Display Driver IC and Touch IC chipset- Aided in analysing design tradeoffs to maximize SNR of a DSP path- Dealt with various system integration issues for Touch and Display subsystems- Synthesized results into a presentation and presented to high level management (VP) Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed May 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Mountain View, CA - Designed a functional test plan to accurately characterize the digital and analog aspects of aSATA interface on Xbox One Silicon- Designed test software in C++ to help stress and detect errors on a SATA interface- Debugged various Silicon and/or SW Driver issues and helped root cause and provide solutions tovarious bugs within a SATA IP.- Aided in board and chip bringup and debug- Gained a working knowledge of HSpice and helped simulate various timing paths Hardware Engineer Company Name Altera Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Toronto, Canada Area - Worked on Software Support for PLL within Quartus II- Designed Digital Logic RTL in Verilog to verify PLL functionality on silicon with variousTiming and Power Requirements- Implemented Reference Clock Switching of the PLL in simulation and silicon- Aided in design of PLL Dynamic Reconfiguration IP using an Avalon Interface for the PLL. See more positions Education University of Waterloo Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering - Integrated Circuits and Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Avid Squash Player Supervised by Dr. John Long and Dr. Peter Levine University of Waterloo Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Computer Engineering Grade 3.93 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Avid Squash Player, Engineering Jazz Band - Ranked 1st Overall in Class of 2014 in Computer Engineering - Academically focused on: 1) Electronics and IC design 2) RF and Microwave Circuits 3) Digital Hardware (VHDL) Applewood Heights Secondary School Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Integrated Circuits (IC) Integrated Circuits (IC) No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Radio Frequency (RF) See 1 endorsement for Radio Frequency (RF) 1 Radio Frequency (RF) Nansen Lin has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Phase-Locked Loop (PLL) Phase-Locked Loop (PLL) No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Aman has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Japanese Aman has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization IEEE Aman has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Bistable display systems and methods Interests Apple 3,419,473 followers Lumotune 171 followers Pulse 1,535,190 followers University of Waterloo 172,041 followers RF, Analog and Mixed-Signal IC Design Engineering 25,007 members University of Waterloo 179,472 followers
More Actions Pratik has a account Pratik Sonar Graduated with International Business Management Canada's Wonderland Centennial College Scarborough, Ontario, Canada 78 78 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Brand Ambassador with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. Skilled in Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Data Analysis, Business Development, and Strategic Planning. Strong marketing professional with a Graduate Certificate focused in Accounting and Business/Management from Centennial College. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sales Merchandiser (Part time) Company Name Canada's Wonderland Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada Brand Ambassador (Part time) Company Name EventPro Strategies Event Staffing Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Location Peterborough, Ontario Customer Service Representative (Part time) Company Name Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Toronto, Ontario, Canada Fall Open House Program Volunteer Company Name Fleming College Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 1 mo Location Peterborough, Ontario, Canada Represented International Business Management program and interacted with parents, families and potential students about program curriculum. Research Coordinator (Part time) Company Name ribbet (App) Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Peterborough, Ontario, Canada See more positions Education Centennial College Degree Name Graduate Certificate Field Of Study Accounting and Business/Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2017 Fleming College Degree Name International Business Management Field Of Study Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support Services Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2016 Gujarat University Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Office 1 Microsoft Office Ramesh Sonar has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Excel 1 Microsoft Excel Ramesh Sonar has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Word See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Word 1 Microsoft Word Ramesh Sonar has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Pratik has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Computer Training Certificate Interests Centennial College 76,381 followers Bell 117,749 followers Institute of Cost Accountants of India 28,597 followers Gujarat University 112,913 followers EventPro Strategies Event Staffing 3,368 followers Institute of Cost Accountants of India 27,483 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brandon has a account Brandon Woolsey Biomedical Product Design Engineer Vidarr Medical Innovations University of California, Davis San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Biomedical engineer interested in all aspects of biomedical design and implementation i.e. Design, Development, Manufacturing, and Delivery. I am passionate about bringing meaningful and functional biomedical designs to consumers. My skill set allows me to take an active role in the complete design process to develop useful products as well as evaluate the overall design and functionality of existing biomedical products.Specialties: Rapid Prototyping, Mechanical Layout using AutoCAD/Solidworks/ProEngineer, Schematic and PCB Layout using DipTrace/Eagle, Machining and Manufacturing, See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Biomedical Product Design Engineer Company Name Vidarr Medical Innovations Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location San Jose, California Sr. Biomedical Engineer Company Name Scanadu Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location Mountainview, California Led hardware design and development for a 1st generation, low power, portable, consumer health tool that gathers and transmits personal health metrics such as heart rate, breathing rate, body temperature, blood oxygenation, blood pressure etc. to a smartphone for storage and tracking. Responsible for driving hardware development, generating hardware requirements, mechanical layout, schematic, PCB board design and biometric signal processing and analysis. Device is currently shipping to Indiegogo Backers (crowdfunded) as an investigational device. Current responsibility includes sensor and product development engineering for the 510k device submission as well as design for manufacturing and interfacing with manufacturing partners. -Schematic Design and PCB Layout using Eagle and/or Altium Designer -Generated Hardware Requirements -Hardware Component Research and Selection -Sensors, Bluetooth Low Energy, Microcontrollers, Power Management -Single Lead ECG Front End Design (Captured between Forehead and Left Hand) -Initial PCB Assembly and Bring Up for Prototype Devices -Design for Manufacturing- Technical Lead to Interface with Manufacturing Partners -Rapid Prototyping- Using Solidworks and /or ProEngineer -Significantly Contributed to Scanadu’s Patent Portfolio -Biometric Signal Processing and Initial Algorithm DevelopmentExperience with adhering to FDA Standards:-ISO 13485-ISO 14971-IEC 60601-IEC 61010-IEC 62304 Media (3) This position has 3 media Demo of Scanadu Scout Demo of Scanadu Scout This media is an image scout-electronics-test bench scout-electronics-test bench This media is an image Office Hours with Scanadu Office Hours with Scanadu This media is a video Lead-Device Design Coordinator/Editor Company Name UC Davis Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Davis, CA My group designed a steerable and disposable Endotracheal Intubation device for use in emergency medicine in collaboration with Dr. Bair at the UC Davis Med Center. As team leader I was responsible for driving the design work and getting the device manufactured to specifications. . -Wrote device requirements as well as validation and test protocols -Designed device design using AutoCAD -Manufactured device in UC Davis machine shop using CNC Mill and Lathe Undergraduate Researcher Company Name UC Davis Genome and Biomedical Sciences Facility Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Davis, CA Studied and analyzed neutrophils using lab on a chip technology where microfluidic channels are used to study the flow behavior of neutrophils under varying conditions. -Fluorescence microscopy -Microfluidic prep work -Image J -Data analysis: # of neutrophil cell adhesion and arrest and the frequency at which it occurs Assistant Head Lifeguard/Swim Instructor/ Head Counselor of Aquatic Adventure Camp Company Name Chico Area Recreation & Park District Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Location Chico, California Area In 2008 I was promoted to Assistant Head Lifeguard as well as being chosen to run the Aquatic Adventure Camp at the end of the season. I worked as the assistant head lifeguard/swim instructor at Shapiro pool and I was in charge of 5 lifeguards. My job consisted of monitoring patrons, teaching swim lessons, and instructing other lifeguards on techniques and pool etiquette. For two weeks I was in charge of about 15 kids where I taught them lifeguarding and water safety skills while also supervising them on various field trips including kayaking, hiking, tubing, boating, and an overnight camp at lake Oroville. Education University of California, Davis Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Biomedical Engineering; Biomaterials and Tissue Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Graduated in 4 years in Biomedical Engineering (Usually a 5 year program), Minored in Comparative Literature, Helped as an undergraduate researcher in Dr. Scott Simon's Microfluidics Lab, Designed and built a disposable steerable Endotracheal Intubation device as my senior design project, Featured Skills & Endorsements Biomedical Engineering See 43 endorsements for Biomedical Engineering 43 Biomedical Engineering Endorsed by Aaron Rowe, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 27 of Brandon’s colleagues at Scanadu Click and drag to reorder skills Medical Devices See 27 endorsements for Medical Devices 27 Medical Devices Endorsed by 18 of Brandon’s colleagues at Scanadu Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 26 endorsements for Matlab 26 Matlab Endorsed by Kshitija Shevgaonkar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 17 of Brandon’s colleagues at Scanadu Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) James Stanford Growth Executive April 4, 2013, James was senior to Brandon but didn’t manage directly Brandon is one of the best engineers you can meet. He's bright, passionate, energetic, practical and fast. He goes the extra mile without being asked. If you're looking for someone who is a team-player and who makes things happen, Brandon is your guy! Aaron Rowe Planner of R&D, Procurer of Hard to Find Components January 31, 2013, Aaron worked with Brandon in different groups Brandon has more skills than a team of lesser engineers. He can carry complicated multidisciplinary projects thanks to his energy and ability to learn very quickly. I'm jealous of how easily he can implement his ideas and the ideas of others. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brandon has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents Diagnostic Test Paddle Diagnostic Test Paddle Brandon has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish- Elementary Proficiency Brandon has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Scanadu Scout Interests Apple 3,419,475 followers The Quantified Self 846 followers Root Ventures 66 followers Smart Design 39,226 followers Somaxis 32 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,697 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Andrew Joyce Hardware Engineer at Apple Apple Queen's University San Francisco Bay Area 436 436 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A talented and creative engineer with over ten years experience in advanced multi-disciplinary research and development, particularly in electrical, MEMS, and ultrasonic/acoustic system design. Possesses a demonstrated ability to synthesize novel ideas and move them from concept into practice, both as an individual contributor and as a team leader. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Apple Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Cupertino, CA Staff Engineer Company Name uBeam Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Santa Monica, CA Research Assistant Company Name Queen's University Dates Employed 2004 – 2014 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Kingston, ON Worked in a lab pursuing innovative medical ultrasonic technology. The primary focus of this research was towards a new phased array technology and construction designed to work around speed-of-sound limitations in image acquisition. Gained experience with all levels of electro-mechanical system design, manufacture and characterization; including computer simulation and analysis, microfabrication, cleanroom technologies, digital and analog electrical design, printed circuit board design, solid modeling, and research methodologies. Helped direct the research efforts of other graduate students in the laboratory, including organizing and running weekly scientific review meetings and journal critiques.• Developed and implemented all aspects of a three-dimensional real-time ultrasound imaging platform, including: electrical drive systems, piezocomposite transducer, mechanical structuring and fixturing, test apparatus, and final system data collection, analysis, and validation.• Developed a real-time phase-rotation beamformer as a CUDA kernel on a GPU and interfaced at a high-level to MATLAB.• Research funded through US Department of Defense, Cleveland Clinic, NSERC grants, and scholarships.• Hired, supervised, and directed undergraduate students as research assistants.• Presented research work at international conferences and gave invited talks. Teaching Assistant Company Name Queen's University Dates Employed 2004 – 2014 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Kingston, ON Employed on a recurring academic term basis throughout this time period. Responsibilities included: delivering lectures, developing course content, supervising student design projects, preparing and grading assignments.• Built, maintained, and taught a number advanced physics experiments to fourth-year students, including: acoustic interference, electrical noise, thin-film optical filter construction, Fourier optics, silicon electron/hole mobility.• Oversaw a number of student group design projects, including: mirror galvanometer laser projector, plasma tweeter, rubidium atomic clock, holographic fluid flow measurement, self-tuning acoustic guitar.• Courses taught included: PHYS 450 – Advanced Physics Laboratory, PHYS 344 – Quantum Mechanics, PHYS 252 – Experimental Data Analysis, PHYS 242 – Relativity and Quanta, PHYS 213 – Computational Physics. Education Queen's University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Engineering Physics (Medical Imaging) Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 Activities and Societies: Queen's Rowing, Queen's Oxfam, Ultimate Frisbee Thesis: Crossed-Array Transducer for Real-Time Three-Dimensional Ultrasound ImagingAcademic Courses Included: Electromagnetics, Magnetic Resonance Imaging, Lagrangian Mechanics, Quantum Theory, Solid State Physics, Microfabrication, Surface Science. Queen's University Degree Name BSc Field Of Study Engineering Physics (Electrical Engineering) Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 Activities and Societies: Queen's Rowing Group Design Project: Laser Interferometric Remote Listening DeviceThesis Project: Design and Implementation of Low Cost Spectrum AnalyzerIncluded Advanced Courses in: Signal Processing, Communications Circuits, Laser Optics, Quantum Mechanics, and Solid State Physics. Featured Skills & Endorsements Numerical Simulation Numerical Simulation No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Finite Element Analysis See 3 endorsements for Finite Element Analysis 3 Finite Element Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Andrew’s colleagues at uBeam Click and drag to reorder skills Analog Circuit Design See 1 endorsement for Analog Circuit Design 1 Analog Circuit Design Paige Clancy has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Trevor Niblock Founder Magzor Corp April 29, 2016, Andrew worked with Trevor in the same group I have worked with many excellent engineers and scientists over the years. It is true to say that Andrew is in the top 1%, he is clever, thinks through every aspect of a problem and shows dedication to working a solution through good engineering and physics. One cannot go wrong with him on your team! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Apple 3,419,476 followers Queen's University 131,234 followers Queen's Crew Alumni 55 members uBeam 2,278 followers Queen's University 139,202 followers Pulse 1,535,191 followers
More Actions An has a account An Phan Training & Event Coordinator MD24 House Call, Inc University of Technical Education HCMC Viet Nam Vietnam 197 197 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Training & Event Coordinator Company Name MD24 House Call, Inc Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Operation Team Leader Company Name MD24 House Call Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Work for MD24 House Call GF as an Operation Team Leader. Operation Staff Company Name MD24 House Call, Inc Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Hardware Engineer Company Name Renesas Design Vietnam Co., Ltd. Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Viet Nam I worked as a Hardware verifying engineer. I realized that this is not the Job I want, I don't like this field either. And I also want jobs that spare my freedom. Education University of Technical Education HCMC Viet Nam Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Mechatronics, Robotics, and Automation Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2011 Activities and Societies: Guitarist Robotic Designer, Team Leader, Guitarist. Arena Multimedia Degree Name Graphic Designer Field Of Study Graphic Designer Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Film Director Designer, Photographer, Team Leader, Film director. Featured Skills & Endorsements SOP Development SOP Development No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Quality Management Quality Management No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills ISO 9001 ISO 9001 No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments An has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Viet An has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Engineer of Mechatronics An has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course SEO An has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization MD24 HouseCall Interests Professional Women 14,557,037 followers Healthcare 6,528,533 followers MD24 House Call, Inc 888 followers Pulse 1,535,191 followers Deepak Chopra MD (official)Deepak Chopra MD (official) is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder, Chopra Foundation 4,990,584 followers Arianna HuffingtonArianna Huffington is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO at Thrive Global 5,256,654 followers See all See all following
More Actions Brandon has a account Brandon Woolsey Biomedical Product Design Engineer Vidarr Medical Innovations University of California, Davis San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Biomedical engineer interested in all aspects of biomedical design and implementation i.e. Design, Development, Manufacturing, and Delivery. I am passionate about bringing meaningful and functional biomedical designs to consumers. My skill set allows me to take an active role in the complete design process to develop useful products as well as evaluate the overall design and functionality of existing biomedical products.Specialties: Rapid Prototyping, Mechanical Layout using AutoCAD/Solidworks/ProEngineer, Schematic and PCB Layout using DipTrace/Eagle, Machining and Manufacturing, See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Biomedical Product Design Engineer Company Name Vidarr Medical Innovations Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location San Jose, California Sr. Biomedical Engineer Company Name Scanadu Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location Mountainview, California Led hardware design and development for a 1st generation, low power, portable, consumer health tool that gathers and transmits personal health metrics such as heart rate, breathing rate, body temperature, blood oxygenation, blood pressure etc. to a smartphone for storage and tracking. Responsible for driving hardware development, generating hardware requirements, mechanical layout, schematic, PCB board design and biometric signal processing and analysis. Device is currently shipping to Indiegogo Backers (crowdfunded) as an investigational device. Current responsibility includes sensor and product development engineering for the 510k device submission as well as design for manufacturing and interfacing with manufacturing partners. -Schematic Design and PCB Layout using Eagle and/or Altium Designer -Generated Hardware Requirements -Hardware Component Research and Selection -Sensors, Bluetooth Low Energy, Microcontrollers, Power Management -Single Lead ECG Front End Design (Captured between Forehead and Left Hand) -Initial PCB Assembly and Bring Up for Prototype Devices -Design for Manufacturing- Technical Lead to Interface with Manufacturing Partners -Rapid Prototyping- Using Solidworks and /or ProEngineer -Significantly Contributed to Scanadu’s Patent Portfolio -Biometric Signal Processing and Initial Algorithm DevelopmentExperience with adhering to FDA Standards:-ISO 13485-ISO 14971-IEC 60601-IEC 61010-IEC 62304 Media (3) This position has 3 media Demo of Scanadu Scout Demo of Scanadu Scout This media is an image scout-electronics-test bench scout-electronics-test bench This media is an image Office Hours with Scanadu Office Hours with Scanadu This media is a video Lead-Device Design Coordinator/Editor Company Name UC Davis Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Davis, CA My group designed a steerable and disposable Endotracheal Intubation device for use in emergency medicine in collaboration with Dr. Bair at the UC Davis Med Center. As team leader I was responsible for driving the design work and getting the device manufactured to specifications. . -Wrote device requirements as well as validation and test protocols -Designed device design using AutoCAD -Manufactured device in UC Davis machine shop using CNC Mill and Lathe Undergraduate Researcher Company Name UC Davis Genome and Biomedical Sciences Facility Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Davis, CA Studied and analyzed neutrophils using lab on a chip technology where microfluidic channels are used to study the flow behavior of neutrophils under varying conditions. -Fluorescence microscopy -Microfluidic prep work -Image J -Data analysis: # of neutrophil cell adhesion and arrest and the frequency at which it occurs Assistant Head Lifeguard/Swim Instructor/ Head Counselor of Aquatic Adventure Camp Company Name Chico Area Recreation & Park District Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Location Chico, California Area In 2008 I was promoted to Assistant Head Lifeguard as well as being chosen to run the Aquatic Adventure Camp at the end of the season. I worked as the assistant head lifeguard/swim instructor at Shapiro pool and I was in charge of 5 lifeguards. My job consisted of monitoring patrons, teaching swim lessons, and instructing other lifeguards on techniques and pool etiquette. For two weeks I was in charge of about 15 kids where I taught them lifeguarding and water safety skills while also supervising them on various field trips including kayaking, hiking, tubing, boating, and an overnight camp at lake Oroville. Education University of California, Davis Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Biomedical Engineering; Biomaterials and Tissue Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Graduated in 4 years in Biomedical Engineering (Usually a 5 year program), Minored in Comparative Literature, Helped as an undergraduate researcher in Dr. Scott Simon's Microfluidics Lab, Designed and built a disposable steerable Endotracheal Intubation device as my senior design project, Featured Skills & Endorsements Biomedical Engineering See 43 endorsements for Biomedical Engineering 43 Biomedical Engineering Endorsed by Mary Beth McDonald, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 27 of Brandon’s colleagues at Scanadu Click and drag to reorder skills Medical Devices See 27 endorsements for Medical Devices 27 Medical Devices Endorsed by 18 of Brandon’s colleagues at Scanadu Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 26 endorsements for Matlab 26 Matlab Endorsed by Kshitija Shevgaonkar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 17 of Brandon’s colleagues at Scanadu Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) James Stanford Growth Executive April 4, 2013, James was senior to Brandon but didn’t manage directly Brandon is one of the best engineers you can meet. He's bright, passionate, energetic, practical and fast. He goes the extra mile without being asked. If you're looking for someone who is a team-player and who makes things happen, Brandon is your guy! Aaron Rowe Planner of R&D, Procurer of Hard to Find Components January 31, 2013, Aaron worked with Brandon in different groups Brandon has more skills than a team of lesser engineers. He can carry complicated multidisciplinary projects thanks to his energy and ability to learn very quickly. I'm jealous of how easily he can implement his ideas and the ideas of others. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brandon has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents Diagnostic Test Paddle Diagnostic Test Paddle Brandon has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish- Elementary Proficiency Brandon has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Scanadu Scout Interests Misfit Wearables 4,966 followers Quantified Self 2,824 members Apple 3,419,478 followers University of California, Berkeley 498,458 followers Health 2.0 77,633 members Basis, an Intel company 2,443 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Andrew Joyce Hardware Engineer at Apple Apple Queen's University San Francisco Bay Area 436 436 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A talented and creative engineer with over ten years experience in advanced multi-disciplinary research and development, particularly in electrical, MEMS, and ultrasonic/acoustic system design. Possesses a demonstrated ability to synthesize novel ideas and move them from concept into practice, both as an individual contributor and as a team leader. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Apple Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Cupertino, CA Staff Engineer Company Name uBeam Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Santa Monica, CA Research Assistant Company Name Queen's University Dates Employed 2004 – 2014 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Kingston, ON Worked in a lab pursuing innovative medical ultrasonic technology. The primary focus of this research was towards a new phased array technology and construction designed to work around speed-of-sound limitations in image acquisition. Gained experience with all levels of electro-mechanical system design, manufacture and characterization; including computer simulation and analysis, microfabrication, cleanroom technologies, digital and analog electrical design, printed circuit board design, solid modeling, and research methodologies. Helped direct the research efforts of other graduate students in the laboratory, including organizing and running weekly scientific review meetings and journal critiques.• Developed and implemented all aspects of a three-dimensional real-time ultrasound imaging platform, including: electrical drive systems, piezocomposite transducer, mechanical structuring and fixturing, test apparatus, and final system data collection, analysis, and validation.• Developed a real-time phase-rotation beamformer as a CUDA kernel on a GPU and interfaced at a high-level to MATLAB.• Research funded through US Department of Defense, Cleveland Clinic, NSERC grants, and scholarships.• Hired, supervised, and directed undergraduate students as research assistants.• Presented research work at international conferences and gave invited talks. Teaching Assistant Company Name Queen's University Dates Employed 2004 – 2014 Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Kingston, ON Employed on a recurring academic term basis throughout this time period. Responsibilities included: delivering lectures, developing course content, supervising student design projects, preparing and grading assignments.• Built, maintained, and taught a number advanced physics experiments to fourth-year students, including: acoustic interference, electrical noise, thin-film optical filter construction, Fourier optics, silicon electron/hole mobility.• Oversaw a number of student group design projects, including: mirror galvanometer laser projector, plasma tweeter, rubidium atomic clock, holographic fluid flow measurement, self-tuning acoustic guitar.• Courses taught included: PHYS 450 – Advanced Physics Laboratory, PHYS 344 – Quantum Mechanics, PHYS 252 – Experimental Data Analysis, PHYS 242 – Relativity and Quanta, PHYS 213 – Computational Physics. Education Queen's University Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Engineering Physics (Medical Imaging) Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 Activities and Societies: Queen's Rowing, Queen's Oxfam, Ultimate Frisbee Thesis: Crossed-Array Transducer for Real-Time Three-Dimensional Ultrasound ImagingAcademic Courses Included: Electromagnetics, Magnetic Resonance Imaging, Lagrangian Mechanics, Quantum Theory, Solid State Physics, Microfabrication, Surface Science. Queen's University Degree Name BSc Field Of Study Engineering Physics (Electrical Engineering) Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 Activities and Societies: Queen's Rowing Group Design Project: Laser Interferometric Remote Listening DeviceThesis Project: Design and Implementation of Low Cost Spectrum AnalyzerIncluded Advanced Courses in: Signal Processing, Communications Circuits, Laser Optics, Quantum Mechanics, and Solid State Physics. Featured Skills & Endorsements Numerical Simulation Numerical Simulation No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Finite Element Analysis See 3 endorsements for Finite Element Analysis 3 Finite Element Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Andrew’s colleagues at uBeam Click and drag to reorder skills Analog Circuit Design See 1 endorsement for Analog Circuit Design 1 Analog Circuit Design Paige Clancy has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Trevor Niblock Founder Magzor Corp April 29, 2016, Andrew worked with Trevor in the same group I have worked with many excellent engineers and scientists over the years. It is true to say that Andrew is in the top 1%, he is clever, thinks through every aspect of a problem and shows dedication to working a solution through good engineering and physics. One cannot go wrong with him on your team! hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,193 followers uBeam 2,278 followers Queen's University 139,202 followers Queen's Crew Alumni 55 members Apple 3,419,480 followers Queen's University 131,234 followers
More Actions Abhishek has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Abhishek Tiwari RF/MM-wave Products at Facebook Connectivity Lab Facebook Caltech Greater Los Angeles Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Deep technical understanding of a variety of areas including signal processing, communication systems, RF systems, networking, distributed algorithms, control theory, estimation theory, information theory, unmanned systems. Experience leading numerous advanced technology development programs to successful prototype demonstrations. Unique ability to appreciate the core mathematical and theoretical structure being employed in diverse technology fields. A staunch supporter of technological and scientific innovation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Abhishek’s Activity 1,015 followers So much MIMO in Tampa!! 17 node mesh network supporting over 40Mbs of traffic between the Hilton, Embassy Suites, Marriott, Invisio yacht, and various booths on the trade show floor. Stop by Silvus booth 1653 and see it in action! #SOFIC Abhishek liked Some of my team's awesome achievements were made public during the Facebook developer conference F8 Abhishek shared this See all activity Experience RF/MM-wave Product Engineer Company Name Facebook Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Woodland Hills CA Next generation RF/MM-wave product innovation at Facebook Connectivity Lab Media (4) This position has 4 media Previous Next Internet.org by Facebook Internet.org by Facebook This media is a link Inside Facebook's First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky Inside Facebook's First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky This media is a link How Facebook Is Transforming Disaster Response How Facebook Is Transforming Disaster Response This media is a link Facebook demonstrates record-breaking data rate using millimeter-wave technology Facebook demonstrates record-breaking data rate using millimeter-wave technology This media is a link Director of Technology Development Company Name Silvus Technologies Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Location Los Angeles CA Responsible for procuring and leading advanced technology development programs and growing the intellectual property portfolio.Key accomplishments:1. Led the technical team that demonstrated "world's first" continuously operational line of sight mm-wave MIMO link over a 20 km range2. Conceptualized a DARPA experimental seedling program to investigate MIMO capacity enhancement in tropospheric ducting conditions3. Directly responsible for procuring DARPA 100G program, DARPA experimental seedling and 7 SBIR programs from the Air Force, Navy and DARPA4. Managed several concurrent R&D programs with help from 7-8 high caliber experienced engineers Media (1) This position has 1 media Measurements Over a 20 km Line of Sight MM-Wave MIMO Link Measurements Over a 20 km Line of Sight MM-Wave MIMO Link This media is a document Senior Research and Development Scientist Company Name UtopiaCompression Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Feb 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Los Angeles, CA Built from scratch a wireless networking and communications research division. In four years drove cumulative R&D contract revenue for the division from $0 to $4.5M. Established a new reputation for the employer as a major small business player in wireless networking R&D. Hired several outstanding research scientists and engineers in the process. Education Caltech Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur Degree Name BTech Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Methodist High School See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Algorithms See 26 endorsements for Algorithms 26 Algorithms Endorsed by Victor (Jiejie) zhu, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Abhishek’s colleagues at Silvus Technologies, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management See 24 endorsements for Program Management 24 Program Management Endorsed by Clif Banner and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Abhishek’s colleagues at Silvus Technologies, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Business Development See 21 endorsements for Business Development 21 Business Development Endorsed by 3 of Abhishek’s colleagues at Silvus Technologies, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (2) Clif Banner Technology Innovation through Small Business Innovation Research November 23, 2012, Clif was a client of Abhishek’s Dr. Tiwari represents the best in state-of-the-art technology research and development. He brings to his company and to his customers the most creative and useful solutions that fit within the customers' budgets. He is a tireless worker and research scientist, providing well-documented and logical arguments for use of his solutions which serve the tactical edge of our military forces. David Cooper BAE Systems CNS Technical Director November 8, 2012, David worked with Abhishek but at different companies Abhishek has a broad range of skills that span communication systems engineering, analysis of system performance, advanced signal processing algorithms and implementation. Abhishek has a excellent skill set in dealing with customers to develop new systems concepts and bidding, winning as well as execution of the effort. Generally, Abhishek has skills that span business development, engineering development and project management. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Andy Fields Looking for a new opportunity selling world-class IT Solutions to forward thinking Enterprises. September 19, 2010, Abhishek worked with Andy but at different companies Andy was instrumental in setting up an important business collaboration between UtopiaCompression and OPNET. He is responsive and he did an excellent job in introducing UC to the technical and business leadership within his organization. Andy played a part in a joint Navy contract awarded to UC and OPNET. Ashwin Sampath Software Engineer at Juniper Networks April 2, 2009, Abhishek managed Ashwin directly Ashwin was a summer intern with UtopiaCompression Corporation. It is great pleasure to have worked along side Ashwin. Ashwin is one of the most methodical, intelligent, organized, dependable, accountable, reliable, responsible individuals that I have ever worked with. In his short stay with us, Ashwin contributed towards developing a brand new business area for UtopiaCompression Corporation that of Tactical Ad Hoc Wireless Networks. This business area currently has 9 researchers. Accomplishments Abhishek has 12 publications 12 Expand publications section Publications MIMO for Airborne Communications [Industry Perspectives] Location Assisted Networking (LOCAN): The Key to Mobile Ad Hoc Networks of the Future with Thousands of Nodes Co-Array Processing Assisted Bayesian Beamforming (CABB): A Nonlinear Beamforming Technique for Joint Aerial Layer Network (JALN) Backbone The role of peripheral energy management for wireless health applications. Cone Invariance and Rendezvous of Multiple Agents Feasibility of Communication Planning in Airborne Networks Using Mission Information Topology Control for Future Airborne Networks Towards a Mission Planning Toolbox for the Airborne Network: Optimizing Ground Coverage under Connectivity Constraints Mobility Aware Routing for the Airborne Network Backbone Probabilistic Performance of State Estimation Across a Lossy Network Abhishek has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Maneuverless passive range estimation using monocular image sequences Interests Google 4,871,436 followers Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur 48,867 followers Global ISR Network [www.DefenceIQ.com] 2,662 members Facebook 1,533,600 followers Future Trends 552,977 members Autonomous Systems Lab (ASL) Alumni 307 members See all See all following
More Actions Elena has a account Elena Bracken Upstream Manufacturing Engineer I at Smith & Nephew Orthopaedics Smith & Nephew Orthopaedics University of Southern California Memphis, Tennessee 128 128 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Upstream Manufacturing Engineer I Company Name Smith & Nephew Orthopaedics Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater Memphis Area Manufacturing Engineer Company Name KeyTronicEMS Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Spokane, Washington Area I am responsible for creating necessary documentation for new final assembly processes: FMEA, process maps, work instructions, and line layouts. I work directly with customers to transition existing assembly processes into Keytronic facilities.I review quotations for new products and provide accurate assembly times and estimated equipment costs.I collaborate with coworkers in China and Mexico to maintain assembly processes and launch new products. I respond to RMA issues/customer complaints and improve assembly processes to maintain high quality standards.I write and implement IQOQPQ protocols to validate process changes and new equipment used for medical product assembly lines. I teach and supervise interns from local colleges and high schools to engage them in the manufacturing processes and get their assistance with manufacturing activities.Products worked on: ear thermometers, electric tooth brushes, wheelchair armrests, industrial powercords, small home electronics, card readers, printers Associate Manufacturing Engineer Company Name KeyTronicEMS Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Spokane, Washington Area I was responsible for creating necessary documentation for new or existing final assembly processes: FMEA, process maps, and work instructions.I collaborated with coworkers to design poka-yoke fixtures and investigate new manufacturing techniques to improve assembly time.I quoted the final assembly time and equipment needs for products of potential customers. I collaborate with coworkers in China and Mexico to maintain assembly processes and launch new products.I wrote and implemented IQOQPQ protocols to validate process changes and new equipment used for medical product assembly lines.Products worked on: ear thermometers, industrial powercords, small home electronics Customer Service Assistant Company Name Case Western Reserve University Dates Employed Aug 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Cleveland/Akron, Ohio Area I am responsible for assisting students by distributing packages, fixing the office printer, logging maintenance requests, and signing out keys for students who are locked out of their buildings. I am also responsible for assisting custodial and house keeping staff and contractors by distributing keys to them on a daily basis. I am responsible for logging and sorting packages that arrive to the office each day and responsible for providing assistance for any questions a customer may have. Engineering Intern Company Name Arthrex Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Naples, Florida I made changes to 3D models and drawings for surgical tools or anchors being updated by co-workers. Completed all necessary documentation to allow for seamless implementation of product changes. I designed prototypes through CAD programs and use of a 3D printer to assist in engineering a solution to problems, such as cracking and insertion failure, of suture anchors experienced by surgeons in the field.I also observed cadaver labs and collaborated with surgeons to develop new surgical tools to improve surgery speed or simplify the surgical techniques necessary for shoulder surgeries.. See more positions Education University of Southern California Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Biomedical/Medical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2020 Case Western Reserve University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Biomedical/Medical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Phi Sigma Rho Sorority, Women in Science and Engineering Roundtable (WISER), Pan-Hellenic Judicial Board, Spartan Ambassadors, Women's Glee Club Hereford High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2009 Volunteer Experience Dog Walker Company Name Cuyahoga Country Animal Shelter Dates volunteered Aug 2011 – May 2012 Volunteer duration 10 mos Cause Animal Welfare Volunteer Company Name Northeast Ohio Regional Science Olympiad Dates volunteered Feb 2011 – Feb 2014 Volunteer duration 3 yrs 1 mo Cause Education Science Olympiad is an international non-profit organization devoted to improving the quality of science education, increasing student interest in science and providing recognition for outstanding achievement in science education by both students and teachers. Each year, the Northeast Ohio Regional competition for High school and Middle school students is hosted at Case Western Reserve. I volunteered as a judge for 3 years, assisting with many different events such as catapult, geography, and geology competitions. Cat Volunteer Company Name Spokane Humane Society Dates volunteered Sep 2014 – Sep 2014 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Animal Welfare Featured Skills & Endorsements Microsoft Office See 2 endorsements for Microsoft Office 2 Microsoft Office Wendy Crispin and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 2 endorsements for Matlab 2 Matlab Wendy Crispin and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Excel See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Excel 1 Microsoft Excel Nicholas McArthur has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Elena has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Biomedical Signals & Systems Biomedical Instrumentation Introduction to Biological Materials Introduction to Biomaterials Orthopaedic Biomaterials Polymer Chemistry & Industry Polymer Processing Elena has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Case Alumni Association Scholarship James Scruggs Memorial Scholarship McCormick Scholarship Presidential Scholarship Elena has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Russian Spanish Interests Case Western Reserve University School of Law 17,033 followers Covidien (Medtronic Minimally Invasive Therapies Group) 170,191 followers Stryker 318,505 followers Smith & Nephew Endoscopy 11,333 followers CONMED Corporation 18,371 followers Biomet 46,733 followers See all See all following
More Actions Perrin has a account Perrin Cheung Technology Training Manager at Sidley Austin LLP Sidley Austin LLP Case Western Reserve University Greater Chicago Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Results driven professional with over 10+ years of experience in training and technical support. Serving as a subject matter expert to achieve high customer satisfaction, drive improvements to product development and ensure knowledge transfer to field personnel.Proven track record of meeting and exceeding support and training key performance goals. Broad experience including: CRM implementation, LMS implementation, Sales and Support Training, Onboarding, Clinical and Technical Service Management, Adult Learning Principles, and extensive experience in solving complex business, process and technical issues. Ability to identify, hire and develop talented technical support and training professionals. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Perrin’s Activity 765 followers I've been recruiting for 8 years and it still boggles my mind each time a person just doesn't show up to an interview or to work... I will never understand the mindset there. Perrin liked Betsey’s photo Perrin liked Today I graduate with my master's degree in Industrial and Organizational Psychology from Colorado State University - hooray!!! Thank you to my amazing coworkers and leaders in Talent Acquisition and Human Resources at CONMED for your support - you are the best team in the industry! Perrin liked Surgical Navigation Systems Market | Market Overview | Market Size Estimation | Growth Drivers Perrin liked Perrin liked So this just happened. I got an unsolicited call from a recruiter out of Texas and got shut down because I didn't have 15 years, yes, 15 years worth of experience supporting Windows 10. After he shut me down I told him if the job is still open in thirteen years to be sure to give me a call back as I may still be interested. He snarked at me on the phone asking what that was supposed to mean and then I just hung up. I am beginning to think some of these tech recruiting companies have clients who just want to troll them by sending their recruiters on wild goose hunts. Perrin liked See all activity Experience Technology Training Manager Company Name Sidley Austin LLP Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Support Manager Company Name Brainlab Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Westchester, IL Responsible for process analysis, improvements, and training development for Support and Operations divisions. Serving on process improvement boards with General Management and Division Directors to provide feedback on behalf of the North and South American Markets. Management of process improvement projects to ensure efficiency and reduce costs. Training and Product Support Manager Company Name Brainlab Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Westchester, IL Responsible for ensuring FDA compliance, training design/development, and directing issue escalation effectiveness for all Brainlab products in the North and South American regions. Managed 12 direct and indirect reports with training, operations, and technical support responsibilities. Proven track record of maintaining a high quality training program supporting over 200 field and office personnel. Product Support Engineer Company Name Brainlab Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs Responsible for providing training and serving as a regional product expert in the spine, orthopedic and platforms product lines. Served on product specification boards with Research and Development to ensure product development met local support requirements. Developed eLearning modules and performance-based assessments to increase product knowledge of field personnel. Application Trainer Company Name Brainlab Dates Employed May 2006 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Responsible for the performance of customer trainings (in-house and onsite) on the use of neuro, spine, and orthopedic product lines. Developed training programs and performance assessments to ensure knowledge transfer to customers and maintain high customer satisfaction. See more positions Education Case Western Reserve University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Biomedical Engineering Case Western Reserve University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Biomedical Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Biomedical Engineering See 48 endorsements for Biomedical Engineering 48 Biomedical Engineering Andreas Haukas and 47 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Medical Imaging See 43 endorsements for Medical Imaging 43 Medical Imaging Ulrike Schwitzko and 42 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Medical Devices See 39 endorsements for Medical Devices 39 Medical Devices Shannon Field and 38 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Benjamin Jacobs Manager Technology Security and Compliance at Edward-Elmhurst Health March 16, 2012, Perrin was senior to Benjamin but didn’t manage directly Ben always challenges everyone he works with to work hard, with high standards and achieve great things. He operates in high integrity, and focuses on meeting client needs. Ben is a creative problem solver, a forward-thinking leader, and a great example. He brings a high level of technical enthusiasm and expertise, but does it in a good way so as not to over power the process that his way is the only way. He knows how to listen to what your issues and concerns are, and address them.I recommend Ben highly. Accomplishments Perrin has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Six Sigma Green Belt Interests Jim Sniechowski, PhDJim Sniechowski, PhD is a LinkedIn Influencer Removing Personal Holdbacks - Releasing Powerful Leadership 178,172 followers Pulse 1,535,192 followers Case Western Reserve University 66,393 followers Totara Learning 2,772 followers Fast Company 837,224 followers Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,429,457 followers See all See all following
More Actions Diana has a account Diana Cheng . Dolby Laboratories Massachusetts Institute of Technology San Francisco Bay Area 387 387 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Staff Electrical Engineer Company Name Dolby Laboratories Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Senior Electrical Engineer Company Name Tyto Life LLC Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 10 mos Senior System Engineer Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Systems electrical engineer Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Mountain view california Electrical engineer Company Name Jawbone Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Responsible for electrical design of Audio Speaker from conception to productionDrove component research for each featureManaged and completed layout with oversee layout engineers for board Gerber generation Designed test fixtures and test plans for factory programming and bring up of boardsManaged and completed all characterization tasks for verification process Successfully brought up new CM partner for engineering builds See more positions Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name MS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineer & Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 13 endorsements for Embedded Systems 13 Embedded Systems Endorsed by David Wyland and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Diana’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Debugging See 8 endorsements for Debugging 8 Debugging Endorsed by Yuan Ma, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Diana’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware See 6 endorsements for Hardware 6 Hardware Bhaskar Vadathavoor and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Diana has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Mandarin Interests Pulse 1,535,192 followers Massachusetts Institute of Technology 277,277 followers Whistle Labs 2,179 followers Dolby Laboratories 41,103 followers Apple 3,419,483 followers Tyto Life LLC 992 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mohammad has a account Mohammad Islam Experienced Telecommunications and Networking Professional AT&T Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania Greater Boston Area 252 252 connections Experienced senior leader with hands-on technical expertise through all phases of product lifecycle. Sixteen years of experience in networking and telecommunications with increasingly sophisticated leadership responsibilities. Most recently was Director of Customer Service and Professional Services for Soapstone Networks (formerly Avici Systems) tasked with building the CS and PS organizations from ground up. Also directly managed unsurpassed service contract performance for one of the world’s largest Tier 1 Carriers during sunset phase of the Avici core router business. Recognized by Tier 1 Carrier Vice President as their “Gold Standard” for services provided among all of their network equipment vendors including the big two.Equally proficient in management and hands-on technical roles in software development, sustaining engineering, customer service, and professional services organizations. Thorough understanding of the end-to-end product development methodology, system quality assurance, field deployments, and customer satisfaction fundamentals. Sound understanding of the concepts and challenges of end-to-end customer satisfaction and quality objectives and ability to calibrate delivery of products and services to meet the customers’ needs.Some highlights of professional qualifications are:• Proven ability to adapt to rapidly changing roles, responsibilities, and various networking and communication protocols in a fast-paced startup environment as well as in established large companies• Excellent organizational, business management, and technical leadership skills and ability to perform efficiently in multiple roles simultaneously• Highly effective in cross-functional teams tasked to ensure seamless delivery of products and services to customers• Proven track record of managing/supporting pre-sales customer trials• Excellent critical accounts management skills• Consistent track record of developing and delivering high quality softwareSpecialties: • Crisis mgmt, customer expectation mgmt, and customer interaction skills both at technical and executive levels• Outstanding software, systems, and network problem isolation, characterization, and resolution skills• Strategic planning and continual process improvements at all stages of product and service lifecycles• Skilled in performing in-depth root cause analysis• Network reliability data analysis for large commercial networks• Managing off-shore engineering and service operations See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience LMTS, ATS Global Network Operations Company Name AT&T Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Director, Customer Service & Professional Services Company Name Soapstone Networks Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Publicly funded startup developing dynamic control plane for Carrier Ethernet networksWhile overseeing the existing service obligations for the discontinued Avici router business unit (RBU)until Q1 of 2009, simultaneously ensured successful establishment of the Professional Services and Customer Service organizations for the new Soapstone business unit developing state-of-the-art, next-generation, dynamic control plane software product to automate service life-cycle in Carrier Ethernet networks.• Defined and implemented this new unit’s professional services and customer service organizations’ infrastructure• Defined and developed partnership agreements for Customer Service and Professional Services obligations with resellers and partners of the Soapstone business unit• Assessed and selected the next generation CRM and ERP system for the company as part of the team tasked with overhauling the existing CRM and ERP system• Leveraged a thorough understanding of production network deployments and customer expectations for carrier grade products to actively define product requirements from a service, maintenance, and usability perspectives to influence upfront carrier grade product quality and stability Director, Sustaining Engineering and Customer Service Company Name Avici Systems Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos $100M public provider of Carrier-Class Core IP/MPLS RouterPromoted internally to ensure a smooth and seamless day-to-day operation of Customer Service and Sustaining Engineering organizations that were supporting a highly scalable and fault tolerant Carrier-Class IP/MPLS Core Router deployed at various size production networks. • Provided technical and management leadership to a group of 25 to 30 highly skilled support, sustaining, and SQA engineers, technical leads, and managers to ensure 99.999 network uptime• Streamlined the network reliability data gathering process that resulted in an extraordinary amount of time savings during reporting periods• Analyzed and presented monthly network reliability report for one of the world’s largest tier-1 carrier’s core network• Ensured an efficient and orderly fulfillment and shutdown of all service obligations and engineering operations of the router business unit (RBU), beating the budget projection• Generated over $8Min service revenue while keeping the operating expenses below $2M during the last year of RBU operation• Efficiently managed the worldwide asset return and liquidation process for the RBU Manager, Sustaining Engineering Company Name Avici Systems Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Provided technical and matrix management leadership to groups of highly skilled SW and HW development engineers forming virtual sustaining teams based on the type and severity of field reported issues for one of the most highly scalable and fault tolerant core IP/MPLS routers in the industry. Highlights included crisis/escalation management, root cause analysis, driving process improvement as follow-up to field failures, and coordinating with customer labs on delivery and certification of software releases. Principal Software Engineer Company Name Equipe Communications Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2001 – May 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Privately funded startup venture for a next-generation Carrier-Class ATM/MPLS Core SwitchRecruited by the director of next-generation IP/MPLS software group to work in a highly challenging and energetic startup environment building a next generation core ATM/MPLS switch. Highlights include design, implementation, unit testing, and integration of MPLS connection admission control (M-CAC), TE infrastructure for OSPF and IS-IS, forwarding plane adaptation layer for NetPlane LDP implementation, MPLS label management sub-system, and a hierarchical Generic Private Backup Store utility to aid in the resiliency scheme of the E3200. See more positions Education Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Science and Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements IP See 29 endorsements for IP 29 IP T.S. Ramesh and 28 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Telecommunications See 26 endorsements for Telecommunications 26 Telecommunications Endorsed by 8 of Mohammad’s colleagues at Soapstone Networks Click and drag to reorder skills Routing See 17 endorsements for Routing 17 Routing Endorsed by Ravi Torvi, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mohammad’s colleagues at AT&T Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (15) Given (2) Seamus Daly Director of System Engineering at Sonos Inc. November 5, 2009, Seamus worked with Mohammad in different groups I have worked with Mohammad for a number of years and Mohammad is the best technical oriented person I've worked with outside of an engineering organization. My experience in working with Mohammad covers his time as Director of Sustaining Engineering at Avici Systems as well as his work at Soapstone Networks. At all times, Mohammad keeps a very clear view of the end customer needs and consistently aligns it with the overall business need of the company. In addition, Mohammad is top notch at getting to the root cause of a customer problem and he does this not alone by marshalling in an extremely effective manner the appropriate resources within the company but also by the depth of his own technical excellence. I cannot speak highly enough of Mohammad's technical analysis skills which cover both hardware and software and would represent a tremendous asset to a sustaining organization or to an engineering organization. Finally, I would also highly commend his organizational and interpersonal skills. Mohammad continually demonstrates an ability to engage people especially those who do not report to him in getting the customer on-board and happy. Mohammad will be an asset to any organization and company. William J. Stuart Chief Financial Officer November 5, 2009, William J. was senior to Mohammad but didn’t manage directly Mohammad is an extremely gifted individual. He has a broad view and understanding of the business and the technology and he can translate complex issues into a common framework – with the objective of bringing the resources of the company to bear to deliver a solution to the customer. While he is a tremendously adept manager, consistently driving teams to deliver results, he does not hesitate to jump into the trenches – to do whatever it takes to get the job done. As the company transitioned from a core router supplier to a few large carriers (and, in particular, one very large customer with a very complex network) to a developer of software for automating carrier networks, Mohammad led customer support and ensured that customers of the former business continued to receive the quality of care they deserved. He led cross-functional teams to address the challenges of the transition while maintaining the highest quality standards in both the former business and the new business. He is laser focused on quality. He consistently received accolades from our largest customer. He is also extremely disciplined. He always has a strong handle on his budget and spending and is sensitive to the financial implications of decisions. He understands the broader issues the business faces. At the same time, he is always striving to learn and improve. He is an outstanding leader who I am certain will rise to the top of any organization that is fortunate to have him on its team. View 13 more recommendations View 13 more recommendations recommendations Ravi Tickoo Software Project Manager at Insulet Corporation January 27, 2010, Mohammad was senior to Ravi but didn’t manage directly I have had the great pleasure of working with Ravi for a number of years during his role as the Manager of Release Engineering team at Avici Systems. Being the vendor of internet core routers to some of the world’s largest Tier-1 carriers, Avici’s Release Engineering team had to operate at a very mature level with extreme precision and discipline. As the Director of Sustaining Engineering and Customer Service I was glad that Ravi was the man in charge of that operation. He had just the right disposition required for that role and an excellent grasp of the Release Engineering function. He was very methodical, disciplined, and process oriented yet keenly aware of customer needs and had the ability to balance internal processes to meet those needs in a timely manner. His work ethic is nothing short of impressive. Avici’s SQA operation ran on a 24/7 basis with the help of off-shore engineering extension. Ravi always found time during the late hours of the night to come to work to help the off-shore team with any remote access difficulty they experienced or any off-hour guidance they needed. He is an excellent team player and just a genuinely wonderful person who gets along with everyone. He often stepped out of his own area of responsibilities and helped other organizations like SQA with his expertise. Ravi will be a tremendous asset to any engineering organization. Seamus Daly Director of System Engineering at Sonos Inc. January 27, 2010, Seamus was senior to Mohammad but didn’t manage directly I have had the pleasure of working with Seamus when he led the Hardware Engineering department at Avici Systems and subsequently during his role as VP of Software Engineering at Soapstone Networks. Seamus is one of those rare engineering executives who can operate at a hands-on technical level as well as at a high level, defining vision and strategy for his engineering organization effectively. His command of the hardware domain is simply impressive. As the Director of Sustaining Engineering and Customer Service every time I engaged Seamus and his team for a customer issue, he demonstrated nothing but pure excellence in leading his team to understand and resolve the customer issue to the fullest satisfaction of the customer as well as of our own business needs. I always learned something new and creative about hardware problem resolution from Seamus with every one of those encounters. In his role as the VP of Software Engineering Seamus has consistently demonstrated the sound disposition of seasoned engineering executive by understanding the need for and implementing effective processes and continuous process improvement mechanisms at all stages of product development lifecycle. He never hesitates to reach outside of his organization to solicit expertise from domain experts within the company to devise the best possible solution or architecture. He runs his organization in a very structured and disciplined fashion. His drive and ability to deliver projects on time and on target are commendable. Seamus always challenges people around him to attain new professional heights. Seamus would be a tremendous asset to any engineering organization. Accomplishments Interests Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania 35,942 followers Pulse 1,535,193 followers Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania 34,371 followers AT&T 660,512 followers
More Actions Nicholas has a account Nicholas Mawhinney FCA / NAM Electronics Supervisor at Continental Continental University of Michigan-Dearborn Greater Detroit Area 400 400 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Office: Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPointSimulation/Design: IQFMEA, MathCAD, PSPICE, Mentor Design Architect/Board Station, Mentor PADS, ZUKEN, ECDM, SAP, PVCS, and MKSAnalysis: Oscilloscopes, DPStool, CANape, CANoe, CANalyzer, Programmable Power supplies. Proficient in EMC design techniques, worst case analysis calculations, DFMEA, FEA, and circuit simulation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience FCA / NAM Electronics Supervisor Company Name Continental Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Lead the Electronics Engineering team for the FCA and NAM programs in the Vehicle Dynamics Business Unit. Chassis Components Lab Manager Company Name Continental Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 4 mos Location Auburn Hills, MI Budget planning and tracking. Technician activity planning and organization. Plan and procure equipment needs for the lab. Design and build the lab from the ground up. Base Development - Project Engineering Delegate Company Name Continental Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Ingolstadt, DE Support base Hardware development in Ingolstadt Germany for next generation suspension systems. Complete ECU planning, prototype development and build activities, Circuit and BOM optimization, as well as test preparations and bench configuration and buildup. Support ASIC development for next generation ECUs. Created two patent applications. Completed Accelerate program for cross divisional management development. Senior Staff Hardware Engineer Company Name Continental Automotive Systems Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Provide HW Engineering support for all Chassis Components products (EPS, ABS, Parking Brake, Suspension controllers, Damping Controllers, Chassis Controllers, Washer Bottle electronics). Assist/research in advanced development design and technology. Support new product quoting and customer presentations. Submitted 3 patent applications for washer pump motor technologies. Chassis Electronics Lab manager, organizing tasks, budget, and equipment planning. Coach/Specialist for lean processes in the administration area. Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Continental Automotive Systems Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Hardware design responsibility for Active Dampening project. Support for German programs for Electronic Power Steering program. Quote support for all NA Chassis Products. Tier 2 ABS program support. Electronic Parking Brake hardware analysis and design support. See more positions Education University of Michigan-Dearborn Degree Name MS Field Of Study Electical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Kettering University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electircal Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2001 Activities and Societies: SAE, IEEE, Art Gallery Minor in Mathematics, Dean list Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics See 29 endorsements for Electronics 29 Electronics Endorsed by Dale Leisenheimer, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Nicholas’ colleagues at Continental Click and drag to reorder skills PCB design See 14 endorsements for PCB design 14 PCB design Frank Suchanek and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Engineering See 10 endorsements for Engineering 10 Engineering Endorsed by 4 of Nicholas’ colleagues at Continental Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (1) Jorge A. Vazquez Murillo R&D Center Director at Continental February 3, 2011, Jorge A. was senior to Nicholas but didn’t manage directly Nicholas has always shown very strong technical skill capabilities. He was integrated to the program at that time and it was not long when he was taking a technical leading role, creating novel solutions to fulfill customer toughest requirements. He has been very successful working and coordinating global collaborative teams, he is very detailed oriented, highly responsible and fully reliable to honor his commitments. He is an outstanding engineer who naturally creates good personal relationships with the people he interacts. I really enjoyed working with Nick. Luis Sillas Project Manager January 13, 2011, Nicholas worked with Luis in the same group Nick is a brilliant engineer, committed to hard work, results and innovative solutions, he is a team builder in multicultural groups, definitely looking forward to work with him at any opportunity. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Luis Sillas Project Manager April 1, 2011, Luis worked with Nicholas in the same group Luis is a very dedicated and organized manager. He has delivered on his timing plans every time, whether he was tasked with a prototype build or with production ramp up readiness. He is a very detail oriented individual and has the respect of all the support teams in the plant. I really enjoy working with Luis and I wish he could work on all of my projects. Accomplishments Interests Tesla 997,418 followers GMI (Kettering University) Alumni 5,423 members Continental AG 10,823 members Paul PolmanPaul Polman is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Unilever 515,615 followers DELPHI Automotive Alumni 14,192 members Vehicle Dynamics Specialists 2,598 members See all See all following
More Actions Jia has a account Jia Zhao Staff Engineer at Qualcomm Qualcomm University of Massachusetts, Amherst Boxborough, Massachusetts 191 191 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Staff Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location boxborough, ma Wireless communications Engineer, Senior Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location boxborough, ma Hardware engineer for wireless communication systems Hardware intern Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Boxborough, MA Hardware intern for wireless communication systems Education University of Massachusetts, Amherst Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Fudan University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Shanghai Jiao Tong University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 6 endorsements for FPGA 6 FPGA Bo Yan and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 4 endorsements for Matlab 4 Matlab Endorsed by 2 of Jia’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills C See 4 endorsements for C 4 C Ze (Jack) HE and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Russell Tessier Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering & Associate Dean of Engineering at University of Massachusetts Amherst February 9, 2013, Russell managed Jia directly Jia is an effective worker who has a broad range of skills. He is very knowledgeable about hardware and software design, especially the use of architectural simulators. He also has good skills in VLSI and FPGA design. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jia has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Chinese Interests 复旦大学 101,895 followers Pulse 1,535,195 followers University of Massachusetts Amherst 180,571 followers Shanghai Jiao Tong University 114,455 followers 上海交通大学 107,663 followers University of Massachusetts (UMass) Amherst Alumni 28,623 members See all See all following
More Actions Andrew has a account Andrew Sutherland Managing Director at Ramair Pty Ltd Ramair Pty Ltd Kingswood College Melbourne, Australia 5 5 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Managing Director Company Name Ramair Pty Ltd Dates Employed Jan 2000 – Present Employment Duration 17 yrs 5 mos Location 20 Queen Street Mitcham Education Kingswood College Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1980 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,196 followers
More Actions Stephen has a account Stephen Killian Lead Robotics Engineer at Eiratech Robotics Ltd. Eiratech Robotics Ltd. University College Dublin Ireland 94 94 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My passion is working hard in incredibly creative roles. I'm thankful to be in a position where I can solve challenging technical problems every day, while at the same time leading a team of hardware engineers in creating a beautiful and complex industrial product.My core focus at Eiratech relates to the physical design of the Eirabot (our Autonomously Guided Vehicle). I oversee the design, testing and validation of all hardware elements of the Eirabot.I'm a highly-motivated hardware engineer with experience in a broad range of technical disciplines. I'm particularly at ease with the design of complex mechanical parts and assemblies. This includes initial concept generation, rapid validation of proposals through analytical and numerical analyses, drafting of parts for prototyping, sourcing said parts, test procedure generation and determination of commercial solutions.I am experienced in working with electronics, particularly with the physical specification of boards and enclosures, PCB layout and wiring specification.Separate to my activities at Eiratech, I am working with a number of companies and research bodies in Ireland to develop a hardware product in the agri-tech sector. I have acquired excellent skills at rapidly creating and deploying prototypes and pre-commercial versions of this product using off-the-shelf parts combined with my own circuits and code.Specialities: Mechanical design, concept generation, electronics, product design, design for manufacture, technical writing, management of small hardware teams, systems engineering, mathematical modelling, numerical simulation, hands-on prototyping and testing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Lead Robotics Engineer Company Name Eiratech Robotics Ltd. Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location County Dublin, Ireland Eiratech is a start-up company that is developing and deploying warehouse automation systems utilizing its internally developed Eirabot (Autonomously Guided Vehicle). • Currently oversee the design and integration of all mechanical and electronic elements of the Eirabot.• Designed from scratch the mechanical assembly of the Eirabot.• Designed the wiring structure, PCB outlines, harnesses and placement of electronic components.• At ease with the design of complex mechanical parts and assemblies with various fabrication methods.• Sourced many thousands of self-designed parts for Eiratech from various suppliers in Europe and Asia.• Manage a team of six hardware engineers, and work alongside a team of software engineers to realize a reliable and cost effective product. CTO & Managing Director Company Name KL Technology Developments Ltd. Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Dublin, Ireland • Co-founded KL Technology Developments Ltd., to develop an agri-tech product, initially bootstrapped by developing prototypes for others. • Generated pre-investment revenues undertaking software and hardware projects on a contractual basis. • Co-presented a customer’s software product to the CEO, Head of Web and Head of Ancillary Revenues at Europe’s largest airline (Ryanair). • Central to raising an investment of €50,000, creating and delivering key presentations and reports. Education University College Dublin Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Grade 1.1 Degree Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 University College Dublin Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Grade 1.1 Degree Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Institute of Education Degree Name High School Grade 600 out of 600 points in third-level entrance examinations (top 0.3%) Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Design See 10 endorsements for Product Design 10 Product Design Maksim Doroshko and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CAD See 7 endorsements for CAD 7 CAD Maksim Doroshko and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Mechanical Engineering See 6 endorsements for Mechanical Engineering 6 Mechanical Engineering Maksim Doroshko and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Stephen has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project BlueTape - Winning Project, PCH Hardware Hackathon Interests University College Dublin 137,817 followers KL Technology Developments Ltd. 1 followers Eiratech Robotics Ltd. 117 followers University College Dublin 129,340 followers Pulse 1,535,196 followers
More Actions Nicholas has a account Nicholas Mawhinney FCA / NAM Electronics Supervisor at Continental Continental University of Michigan-Dearborn Greater Detroit Area 400 400 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Office: Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPointSimulation/Design: IQFMEA, MathCAD, PSPICE, Mentor Design Architect/Board Station, Mentor PADS, ZUKEN, ECDM, SAP, PVCS, and MKSAnalysis: Oscilloscopes, DPStool, CANape, CANoe, CANalyzer, Programmable Power supplies. Proficient in EMC design techniques, worst case analysis calculations, DFMEA, FEA, and circuit simulation. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience FCA / NAM Electronics Supervisor Company Name Continental Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Lead the Electronics Engineering team for the FCA and NAM programs in the Vehicle Dynamics Business Unit. Chassis Components Lab Manager Company Name Continental Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 4 mos Location Auburn Hills, MI Budget planning and tracking. Technician activity planning and organization. Plan and procure equipment needs for the lab. Design and build the lab from the ground up. Base Development - Project Engineering Delegate Company Name Continental Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Ingolstadt, DE Support base Hardware development in Ingolstadt Germany for next generation suspension systems. Complete ECU planning, prototype development and build activities, Circuit and BOM optimization, as well as test preparations and bench configuration and buildup. Support ASIC development for next generation ECUs. Created two patent applications. Completed Accelerate program for cross divisional management development. Senior Staff Hardware Engineer Company Name Continental Automotive Systems Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Provide HW Engineering support for all Chassis Components products (EPS, ABS, Parking Brake, Suspension controllers, Damping Controllers, Chassis Controllers, Washer Bottle electronics). Assist/research in advanced development design and technology. Support new product quoting and customer presentations. Submitted 3 patent applications for washer pump motor technologies. Chassis Electronics Lab manager, organizing tasks, budget, and equipment planning. Coach/Specialist for lean processes in the administration area. Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Continental Automotive Systems Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Hardware design responsibility for Active Dampening project. Support for German programs for Electronic Power Steering program. Quote support for all NA Chassis Products. Tier 2 ABS program support. Electronic Parking Brake hardware analysis and design support. See more positions Education University of Michigan-Dearborn Degree Name MS Field Of Study Electical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2003 Kettering University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electircal Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2001 Activities and Societies: SAE, IEEE, Art Gallery Minor in Mathematics, Dean list Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics See 29 endorsements for Electronics 29 Electronics Endorsed by Dale Leisenheimer, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Nicholas’ colleagues at Continental Click and drag to reorder skills PCB design See 14 endorsements for PCB design 14 PCB design Frank Suchanek and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Engineering See 10 endorsements for Engineering 10 Engineering Endorsed by 4 of Nicholas’ colleagues at Continental Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (1) Jorge A. Vazquez Murillo R&D Center Director at Continental February 3, 2011, Jorge A. was senior to Nicholas but didn’t manage directly Nicholas has always shown very strong technical skill capabilities. He was integrated to the program at that time and it was not long when he was taking a technical leading role, creating novel solutions to fulfill customer toughest requirements. He has been very successful working and coordinating global collaborative teams, he is very detailed oriented, highly responsible and fully reliable to honor his commitments. He is an outstanding engineer who naturally creates good personal relationships with the people he interacts. I really enjoyed working with Nick. Luis Sillas Project Manager January 13, 2011, Nicholas worked with Luis in the same group Nick is a brilliant engineer, committed to hard work, results and innovative solutions, he is a team builder in multicultural groups, definitely looking forward to work with him at any opportunity. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Luis Sillas Project Manager April 1, 2011, Luis worked with Nicholas in the same group Luis is a very dedicated and organized manager. He has delivered on his timing plans every time, whether he was tasked with a prototype build or with production ramp up readiness. He is a very detail oriented individual and has the respect of all the support teams in the plant. I really enjoy working with Luis and I wish he could work on all of my projects. Accomplishments Interests Economy 15,707,214 followers Paul PolmanPaul Polman is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at Unilever 515,614 followers Automotive Steering Development Group 4,387 members The Wall Street Journal 2,341,742 followers Automotive Engineers 42,123 members Vehicle Dynamics Specialists 2,598 members See all See all following
More Actions Mohammad has a account Mohammad Islam Experienced Telecommunications and Networking Professional AT&T Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania Greater Boston Area 252 252 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced senior leader with hands-on technical expertise through all phases of product lifecycle. Sixteen years of experience in networking and telecommunications with increasingly sophisticated leadership responsibilities. Most recently was Director of Customer Service and Professional Services for Soapstone Networks (formerly Avici Systems) tasked with building the CS and PS organizations from ground up. Also directly managed unsurpassed service contract performance for one of the world’s largest Tier 1 Carriers during sunset phase of the Avici core router business. Recognized by Tier 1 Carrier Vice President as their “Gold Standard” for services provided among all of their network equipment vendors including the big two.Equally proficient in management and hands-on technical roles in software development, sustaining engineering, customer service, and professional services organizations. Thorough understanding of the end-to-end product development methodology, system quality assurance, field deployments, and customer satisfaction fundamentals. Sound understanding of the concepts and challenges of end-to-end customer satisfaction and quality objectives and ability to calibrate delivery of products and services to meet the customers’ needs.Some highlights of professional qualifications are:• Proven ability to adapt to rapidly changing roles, responsibilities, and various networking and communication protocols in a fast-paced startup environment as well as in established large companies• Excellent organizational, business management, and technical leadership skills and ability to perform efficiently in multiple roles simultaneously• Highly effective in cross-functional teams tasked to ensure seamless delivery of products and services to customers• Proven track record of managing/supporting pre-sales customer trials• Excellent critical accounts management skills• Consistent track record of developing and delivering high quality softwareSpecialties: • Crisis mgmt, customer expectation mgmt, and customer interaction skills both at technical and executive levels• Outstanding software, systems, and network problem isolation, characterization, and resolution skills• Strategic planning and continual process improvements at all stages of product and service lifecycles• Skilled in performing in-depth root cause analysis• Network reliability data analysis for large commercial networks• Managing off-shore engineering and service operations See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience LMTS, ATS Global Network Operations Company Name AT&T Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 4 mos Director, Customer Service & Professional Services Company Name Soapstone Networks Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Publicly funded startup developing dynamic control plane for Carrier Ethernet networksWhile overseeing the existing service obligations for the discontinued Avici router business unit (RBU)until Q1 of 2009, simultaneously ensured successful establishment of the Professional Services and Customer Service organizations for the new Soapstone business unit developing state-of-the-art, next-generation, dynamic control plane software product to automate service life-cycle in Carrier Ethernet networks.• Defined and implemented this new unit’s professional services and customer service organizations’ infrastructure• Defined and developed partnership agreements for Customer Service and Professional Services obligations with resellers and partners of the Soapstone business unit• Assessed and selected the next generation CRM and ERP system for the company as part of the team tasked with overhauling the existing CRM and ERP system• Leveraged a thorough understanding of production network deployments and customer expectations for carrier grade products to actively define product requirements from a service, maintenance, and usability perspectives to influence upfront carrier grade product quality and stability Director, Sustaining Engineering and Customer Service Company Name Avici Systems Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos $100M public provider of Carrier-Class Core IP/MPLS RouterPromoted internally to ensure a smooth and seamless day-to-day operation of Customer Service and Sustaining Engineering organizations that were supporting a highly scalable and fault tolerant Carrier-Class IP/MPLS Core Router deployed at various size production networks. • Provided technical and management leadership to a group of 25 to 30 highly skilled support, sustaining, and SQA engineers, technical leads, and managers to ensure 99.999 network uptime• Streamlined the network reliability data gathering process that resulted in an extraordinary amount of time savings during reporting periods• Analyzed and presented monthly network reliability report for one of the world’s largest tier-1 carrier’s core network• Ensured an efficient and orderly fulfillment and shutdown of all service obligations and engineering operations of the router business unit (RBU), beating the budget projection• Generated over $8Min service revenue while keeping the operating expenses below $2M during the last year of RBU operation• Efficiently managed the worldwide asset return and liquidation process for the RBU Manager, Sustaining Engineering Company Name Avici Systems Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Dec 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Provided technical and matrix management leadership to groups of highly skilled SW and HW development engineers forming virtual sustaining teams based on the type and severity of field reported issues for one of the most highly scalable and fault tolerant core IP/MPLS routers in the industry. Highlights included crisis/escalation management, root cause analysis, driving process improvement as follow-up to field failures, and coordinating with customer labs on delivery and certification of software releases. Principal Software Engineer Company Name Equipe Communications Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2001 – May 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Privately funded startup venture for a next-generation Carrier-Class ATM/MPLS Core SwitchRecruited by the director of next-generation IP/MPLS software group to work in a highly challenging and energetic startup environment building a next generation core ATM/MPLS switch. Highlights include design, implementation, unit testing, and integration of MPLS connection admission control (M-CAC), TE infrastructure for OSPF and IS-IS, forwarding plane adaptation layer for NetPlane LDP implementation, MPLS label management sub-system, and a hierarchical Generic Private Backup Store utility to aid in the resiliency scheme of the E3200. See more positions Education Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Science and Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements IP See 29 endorsements for IP 29 IP T.S. Ramesh and 28 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Telecommunications See 26 endorsements for Telecommunications 26 Telecommunications Endorsed by 8 of Mohammad’s colleagues at Soapstone Networks Click and drag to reorder skills Routing See 17 endorsements for Routing 17 Routing Endorsed by Ravi Torvi, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mohammad’s colleagues at AT&T Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (15) Given (2) Seamus Daly Director of System Engineering at Sonos Inc. November 5, 2009, Seamus worked with Mohammad in different groups I have worked with Mohammad for a number of years and Mohammad is the best technical oriented person I've worked with outside of an engineering organization. My experience in working with Mohammad covers his time as Director of Sustaining Engineering at Avici Systems as well as his work at Soapstone Networks. At all times, Mohammad keeps a very clear view of the end customer needs and consistently aligns it with the overall business need of the company. In addition, Mohammad is top notch at getting to the root cause of a customer problem and he does this not alone by marshalling in an extremely effective manner the appropriate resources within the company but also by the depth of his own technical excellence. I cannot speak highly enough of Mohammad's technical analysis skills which cover both hardware and software and would represent a tremendous asset to a sustaining organization or to an engineering organization. Finally, I would also highly commend his organizational and interpersonal skills. Mohammad continually demonstrates an ability to engage people especially those who do not report to him in getting the customer on-board and happy. Mohammad will be an asset to any organization and company. William J. Stuart Chief Financial Officer November 5, 2009, William J. was senior to Mohammad but didn’t manage directly Mohammad is an extremely gifted individual. He has a broad view and understanding of the business and the technology and he can translate complex issues into a common framework – with the objective of bringing the resources of the company to bear to deliver a solution to the customer. While he is a tremendously adept manager, consistently driving teams to deliver results, he does not hesitate to jump into the trenches – to do whatever it takes to get the job done. As the company transitioned from a core router supplier to a few large carriers (and, in particular, one very large customer with a very complex network) to a developer of software for automating carrier networks, Mohammad led customer support and ensured that customers of the former business continued to receive the quality of care they deserved. He led cross-functional teams to address the challenges of the transition while maintaining the highest quality standards in both the former business and the new business. He is laser focused on quality. He consistently received accolades from our largest customer. He is also extremely disciplined. He always has a strong handle on his budget and spending and is sensitive to the financial implications of decisions. He understands the broader issues the business faces. At the same time, he is always striving to learn and improve. He is an outstanding leader who I am certain will rise to the top of any organization that is fortunate to have him on its team. View 13 more recommendations View 13 more recommendations recommendations Ravi Tickoo Software Project Manager at Insulet Corporation January 27, 2010, Mohammad was senior to Ravi but didn’t manage directly I have had the great pleasure of working with Ravi for a number of years during his role as the Manager of Release Engineering team at Avici Systems. Being the vendor of internet core routers to some of the world’s largest Tier-1 carriers, Avici’s Release Engineering team had to operate at a very mature level with extreme precision and discipline. As the Director of Sustaining Engineering and Customer Service I was glad that Ravi was the man in charge of that operation. He had just the right disposition required for that role and an excellent grasp of the Release Engineering function. He was very methodical, disciplined, and process oriented yet keenly aware of customer needs and had the ability to balance internal processes to meet those needs in a timely manner. His work ethic is nothing short of impressive. Avici’s SQA operation ran on a 24/7 basis with the help of off-shore engineering extension. Ravi always found time during the late hours of the night to come to work to help the off-shore team with any remote access difficulty they experienced or any off-hour guidance they needed. He is an excellent team player and just a genuinely wonderful person who gets along with everyone. He often stepped out of his own area of responsibilities and helped other organizations like SQA with his expertise. Ravi will be a tremendous asset to any engineering organization. Seamus Daly Director of System Engineering at Sonos Inc. January 27, 2010, Seamus was senior to Mohammad but didn’t manage directly I have had the pleasure of working with Seamus when he led the Hardware Engineering department at Avici Systems and subsequently during his role as VP of Software Engineering at Soapstone Networks. Seamus is one of those rare engineering executives who can operate at a hands-on technical level as well as at a high level, defining vision and strategy for his engineering organization effectively. His command of the hardware domain is simply impressive. As the Director of Sustaining Engineering and Customer Service every time I engaged Seamus and his team for a customer issue, he demonstrated nothing but pure excellence in leading his team to understand and resolve the customer issue to the fullest satisfaction of the customer as well as of our own business needs. I always learned something new and creative about hardware problem resolution from Seamus with every one of those encounters. In his role as the VP of Software Engineering Seamus has consistently demonstrated the sound disposition of seasoned engineering executive by understanding the need for and implementing effective processes and continuous process improvement mechanisms at all stages of product development lifecycle. He never hesitates to reach outside of his organization to solicit expertise from domain experts within the company to devise the best possible solution or architecture. He runs his organization in a very structured and disciplined fashion. His drive and ability to deliver projects on time and on target are commendable. Seamus always challenges people around him to attain new professional heights. Seamus would be a tremendous asset to any engineering organization. Accomplishments Interests Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania 35,942 followers Pulse 1,535,198 followers AT&T 660,514 followers Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania 34,371 followers
More Actions Jia has a account Jia Zhao Staff Engineer at Qualcomm Qualcomm University of Massachusetts, Amherst Boxborough, Massachusetts 191 191 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Staff Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location boxborough, ma Wireless communications Engineer, Senior Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Location boxborough, ma Hardware engineer for wireless communication systems Hardware intern Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Boxborough, MA Hardware intern for wireless communication systems Education University of Massachusetts, Amherst Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Fudan University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Shanghai Jiao Tong University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 6 endorsements for FPGA 6 FPGA Bo Yan and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 4 endorsements for Matlab 4 Matlab Endorsed by 2 of Jia’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills C See 4 endorsements for C 4 C Ze (Jack) HE and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Russell Tessier Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering & Associate Dean of Engineering at University of Massachusetts Amherst February 9, 2013, Russell managed Jia directly Jia is an effective worker who has a broad range of skills. He is very knowledgeable about hardware and software design, especially the use of architectural simulators. He also has good skills in VLSI and FPGA design. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jia has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Chinese Interests 复旦大学 101,895 followers University of Massachusetts Amherst 180,571 followers Shanghai Jiao Tong University 114,455 followers UMASS - Amherst, Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering 794 members Pulse 1,535,198 followers Qualcomm 284,146 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Twiggs NPI Program Manager at SanDisk SanDisk Foothill College San Francisco Bay Area 336 336 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Extensive experience in Product Engineering and Project Management, providing support throughout the entire product lifecycle in fast paced manufacturing environments. Highlights Experience NPI/Support Readiness Program Manager Company Name SanDisk Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Milpitas Hardware Engineer Company Name Avaya (through Eion, Inc.) Dates Employed Sep 2014 – 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Santa Clara, Ca. Hardware Engineer Company Name Avaya (through Northbound LLC) Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Santa Clara, Ca. Materials Manager Company Name Blu Homes Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Vallejo, Ca Hardware Engineer Company Name Avaya (through Exceed Resources Inc) Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Santa Clara, Ca Contract position with Avaya New Product Introduction Team, assisting the HW Engineering Prime and Program Manager to facilitate new HW release 3 months ahead of schedule by the following: - Identified and worked with suppliers to provide prototypes of CXP Interconnect cables and power supplies for engineering evaluation.- Developed Avaya branding specs for CXP interconnect cables and power supplies, including labeling and memory map programming.- Coordinated all prototype HW and peripheral equipment purchases/shipments to HW/SW Engineering sites in the US and Romania.- Coordinated all shipments of pilot units and peripheral equipment to customer trials sites for evaluation. See more positions Education Foothill College Degree Name Associate of Science (A.S.) Field Of Study Physical Sciences Volunteer Experience Board of Directors Company Name Los Gatos Bicycle Racing Club Dates volunteered Nov 2010 – Jan 2015 Volunteer duration 4 yrs 3 mos Race Director - Mike's Bikes 40th Annual Cat's Hill Classic Company Name Los Gatos Bicycle Racing Club Dates volunteered May 2013 – May 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo www.catshill.orgwww.lgbrc.org Race Director - 3rd Annual Foothill College Circuit Race Company Name Los Gatos Bicycle Racing Club Dates volunteered Jul 2013 – Jul 2013 Volunteer duration 1 mo www.foothillcollegecircuitrace.com/www.lgbrc.org See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Manufacturing See 59 endorsements for Manufacturing 59 Manufacturing Albert Sha and 58 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Continuous Improvement See 47 endorsements for Continuous Improvement 47 Continuous Improvement Majid Yekan and 46 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Cross-functional Team Leadership See 44 endorsements for Cross-functional Team Leadership 44 Cross-functional Team Leadership Karthik Gopalakrishnan and 43 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Tom Lee Engineered Wood Products July 12, 2013, Chris worked with Tom in the same group Chris has the conventionally expected tools of his trade down to a science. And two additional exceptional abilities sometimes undervalued- the ability to listen and communicate, both of which set him up as a uniquely capable problem solver. Matthew Chan Supply Chain/Supplier Quality/Product Engineering Professional December 10, 2007, Chris was senior to Matthew but didn’t manage directly Chris was the first guy I talked to when I first started working at Nortel. He was a fantastic mentor to help me get used to the company's system in a limited amount of time. At the same time, we worked in RoHS projects under a limited timeframe. Great colleague and great friend to work with. Yvette M Jones Highly Experienced Purchasing and Supply Chain Professional April 5, 2009, Chris worked with Yvette M in different groups I worked on a project Yvette was leading to reduce excess material at an external manufacturing site. Although I did not report to her, I was impressed with her leadership skills, her ability to quickly understand the situation and decision making skills on how to resolve the issues. Accomplishments Interests NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory 80,738 followers SanDisk® 94,066 followers Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,429,481 followers SRAM, LLC 24,535 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,765 followers Transcend Information 146 followers See all See all following
More Actions Masoud has a account Masoud Ghorbany Expert at Petropay Company PetroPay Company University of Applied Science and Technology Iran 34 34 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent MCSE 2012 , MCSA 2012 , HTML5 , ICDL 1, ICDL 2 , CSS3, Computer Repairing , ... Highlights Experience Expert Company Name PetroPay Company Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Tehran Province, Iran Computer Engineer Company Name PSA Co Ltd Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 5 mos Computer Engineer Company Name Faam Avaran Shafagh Dates Employed May 2011 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Iran, Tehran Computer Engineer Company Name Danesh Fanavary Pars Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Iran, Tehran Computer Engineer Company Name Tarak Dezh Pardis co Dates Employed Feb 2010 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Iran, Tehran See more positions Education University of Applied Science and Technology Degree Name Bachelor Of Computer Hardware Science Field Of Study Computer Science Grade Bachelor Mir Alavi Institute Degree Name HTML5 Field Of Study Computer Hardware Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2016 Tehran Paitakht Institute Degree Name Licentiate degree Field Of Study ICDL 1, 2 Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2015 ICDL 1, 2 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Computer Repair See 1 endorsement for Computer Repair 1 Computer Repair saeedeh nafar has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Hardware Computer Hardware No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Networking Networking No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Masoud has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications ICDL 1, 2 MCSA 2012 MCSE 2012 Masoud has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Guy KawasakiGuy Kawasaki is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief evangelist 2,228,014 followers Pratt & Whitney 123,638 followers Huawei Technologies 1,178,497 followers Education 7,173,517 followers University of Applied Sciences, Yemen 5,457 followers IT, Computer Software & Hardware 58,873 members See all See all following
More Actions Charlie has a account Charlie Kunsang Currently unemployed. Travelling and staging in restaurants around the world. Hawksworth Restaurant Group David Thompson Secondary Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada 3 3 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Hi there, My name is Charlie and i am a cook. As you can see that I have only worked at one restaurant in my life so far. That was my first job ever. I was very fortunate and thankful for Chef Kristian Eligh to take me in when i applied at Hawksworth. I was right out of high school and I had no experience in kitchen but he saw a potential in me and helped me grow as a cook. I started there as cafe line cook where I would make sandwiches and soup which helped me with all the basic fundamentals of cooking. After a year, I did breakfast, then dinner garde manger, hot appetizer cook, entremet, poissonnier, and saucier. By the time I left, I was the dinner team Tournant which was an equivalent position of the most senior cook underneath the sous chef. After 4 and half years later, i have left Hawksworth restaurant to pursue, learn and keep growing myself as a Chef. I am young, hungry, hard working cook who wants to keep on learning. Thank you. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Tournant Company Name Hawksworth Restaurant Group Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Education David Thompson Secondary Degree Name High School Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2012 Featured Skills & Endorsements Multilingual Multilingual No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership Leadership No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Time Management Time Management No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,198 followers Hawksworth Restaurant Group 423 followers
More Actions Yi has a account Yi He SoC Design Verification Engineer at Qualcomm Qualcomm The University of Texas at Dallas Greater San Diego Area 341 341 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Three years experience in Design Verification, from test planning to post-silicon support.• Excellent knowledge of UVM based testbench development.• Expertise in SystemVerilog, Verilog and C.• Strong scripting ability in Python and Perl.• Hands-on experience with multiple simulators and debug tools. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience SoC Design Verification Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Greater San Diego Area SerDes Design Verification Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater San Diego Area Complete verification life-cycle for high-speed PLL and server SerDes:• Created comprehensive test plan to consolidate spec.• Developed UVM based testbench, constrained random tests, SystemVerilog assertions and functional coverage.• RTL simulation, GLS and AMS.• Regression clean and coverage closure.• Initiated Python scripts to increase work efficiency. Digital design and verification intern Company Name Maxim Integrated Dates Employed May 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Austin, Texas Area RTL coding and verification for Audio design. Education The University of Texas at Dallas Degree Name MS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Grade 3.91 Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 Beijing University of Post and Telecommunications Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Enginnering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Verilog See 25 endorsements for Verilog 25 Verilog Endorsed by ZHICEN DONG and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Yi’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills SPICE See 15 endorsements for SPICE 15 SPICE Endorsed by Ilango Jeyasubramanian, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Yi’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 13 endorsements for Matlab 13 Matlab Endorsed by ZHICEN DONG, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Yi has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects Computer Architecture--cross compiler and Tomasulo simulator ASIC--dual channel digital FIR filter Advanced VLSI--SRAM and ECC Analog--two stage differential input amplifier VLSI--sequence detector Yi has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests ARM 84,618 followers Altera 35,578 followers Marvell Semiconductor 83,374 followers Ericsson 988,123 followers The University of Texas at Dallas 106,236 followers Patton Electronics Co. 2,974 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rakesh has a account Rakesh singh Hardware Engineer at Cloud1 Cloud1 Jind, Haryana, India 14 14 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Rakesh’s Activity 14 followers *कभी दिल मे विचार आया क्या* कतनी अजीब बात है कि एक काल्पनिक केरेक्टर बाहुबली की मौत का राज जानने के लिए पूरा देश थिएटरों पर उमड़ा पड़ा है ।काश कि इतने लोग मिलकर सरकार के सामने खड़े होकर यह पूछते कि बताओ आतंकवादी और नक्सलवादी हमारे फौजियों को कैसे मार रहे हैं, तो देश की तस्वीर ही बदल जाती ।--- * Rakesh liked See all activity Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Cloud1 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Technology 20,768,946 followers Banking & Finance 11,211,676 followers Construction 2,645,815 followers Leadership & Management 24,848,423 followers Pulse 1,535,198 followers Design 3,728,606 followers See all See all following
More Actions Panagiotis has a account Panagiotis Papathanasopoulos Network System Administrator Τεχνική Εταιρεία ΛΙΑΣΚΟΣ ΕΥΑΓΓΕΛΟΣ University of Patras Greece 193 193 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience System Network Administrator Company Name Τεχνική Εταιρεία ΛΙΑΣΚΟΣ ΕΥΑΓΓΕΛΟΣ Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Καραϊσκάκη Γεώργιου 82-84, Κέντρο, 262 21 Πάτρα Αχαΐας Hardware Engineer, Programmer and System Analyst Company Name Κέντρο Πληροφορικής Υποστήριξης Ελληνικού Στρατού (ΚΕ.Π.Υ.Ε.Σ) Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Υπουργείο Εθνικής Άμυνας IT Support Assistant Company Name University of Patras Dates Employed May 2014 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Junior ΙΤ Engineer Company Name Dynacomp SA Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Patras Education University of Patras Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2015 Media (1) This position has 1 media Computer Engineering & Informatics Department Computer Engineering & Informatics Department This media is a link Cisco Networking Academy Degree Name Cisco Certified Network Associate Field Of Study Routing & Switching Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 Media (1) This position has 1 media CCNA Routing and Switching CCNA Routing and Switching This media is a link Featured Skills & Endorsements Routing See 2 endorsements for Routing 2 Routing Giannis Voutas Chatzidis and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Switching See 1 endorsement for Switching 1 Switching Giannis Voutas Chatzidis has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Windows Server See 8 endorsements for Windows Server 8 Windows Server Giannis Voutas Chatzidis and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Panagiotis has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French Greek Spanish Panagiotis has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Interactive Microbiology Session 2 The Data Scientist’s Toolbox Interests Euronet Worldwide 17,190 followers McLaren Construction 2,764 followers Bosch 264,437 followers Citrix 213,187 followers SAP 955,937 followers University of Patras 23,953 followers See all See all following
More Actions James has a account James McLurkin Senior Hardware Engineer at Google Google Massachusetts Institute of Technology Seattle, Washington 496 496 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a robotics engineer with 20+ years of experience in the field, both as an industry project lead and an award-winning researcher at MIT and Rice University. I'm a thought leader in multi-robot systems, having led engineering teams in building 2 different swarms with 100+ robots each. My interests are broad; but I'm only happy working on challenging projects involving electrical/mechanical/computational integration. I'm at Google now, developing cool new gizmos, returning to my roots as a hardware engineer.You can learn more about my previous work as director of the Rice Multi-Robot Systems Lab here:http://mrsl.rice.edu/Recent research projects include using distributed computational geometry for multi-robot configuration estimation and control, distributed multi-robot manipulation, and deploying physical data structures for computation on multi-robot systems. Previous positions include lead research scientist at iRobot corporation, where McLurkin was the manager of the DARPA-funded Swarm project. Results included the design and construction of 112 robots and distributed configuration control algorithms, including robust software to search indoor environments. I hold a S.B. in Electrical Engineering with a Minor in Mechanical Engineering from M.I.T., a M.S. in Electrical Engineering from University of California, Berkeley, and a S.M. and Ph.D. in Computer Science from M.I.T.Honey Bee Adventure:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_D64MylIUQRobots for Everyone:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CM2KpNS3xCg See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Greater Seattle Area Adjunct Professor Company Name Rice University Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Assistant Professor Company Name Rice University Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Location Houston, Texas Area Director of Multi-Robot Systems Lab Roboticist-in-Residence Company Name Museum of Mathematics Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Greater New York City Area Adviser to the super-awesome MoMath Swarm exhibit. Post-Doctoral Associate Company Name University of Washington Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Greater Seattle Area See more positions Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name Ph.D., S.M. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2008 University of California, Berkeley Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Massachusetts Institute of Technology Degree Name S.B. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering, Minor in Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Algorithms See 31 endorsements for Algorithms 31 Algorithms Endorsed by Predrag Tosic, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of James’ colleagues at Rice University Click and drag to reorder skills Robotics See 24 endorsements for Robotics 24 Robotics Endorsed by Clara Vu and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of James’ colleagues at Rice University Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Science See 20 endorsements for Computer Science 20 Computer Science Endorsed by Henrik Christensen and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of James’ colleagues at Rice University Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments James has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization IEEE James has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project The Honeybee Adventure Interests Hasbro 98,884 followers LEGO Education 12,718 followers University of California, Berkeley 521,272 followers Wonder Workshop 903 followers Anki 4,332 followers iRobot 27,931 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dave has a account Dave Kroetsch President, Aeryon Labs Inc. Aeryon Labs Inc University of Waterloo Waterloo, Ontario, Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Dave’s Activity 865 followers @AeryonLabs receives @top_employers Small & Medium Enterprise Award. Starts with having a great team! http://bit.ly/2osSMK2 Dave liked Textron Systems and Aeryon Labs Inc are hitting the road with new tools to collaborate on rapid response disaster assessments. If in the area, tune to your local news media for safety recommendations. Dave liked We landed in Tampa, come see us today @ProtonexPower Booth 2232 @NDIAToday #SOFIC 2017. Ask us about our Military end-to-end solutions. Dave liked See all activity Experience Founder and CTO Company Name Aeryon Labs Inc Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Waterloo, Ontario, Canada President & CEO Company Name Aeryon Labs Inc Dates Employed Feb 2007 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 10 yrs 3 mos Hardware Design Engineer Company Name LSI Logic Canada Dates Employed 2002 – 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs Design Engineer Company Name PixStream Ltd. Dates Employed 2000 – 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr Coop Company Name Focus Automation Systems Dates Employed 1999 – 1999 Employment Duration less than a year See more positions Education University of Waterloo Degree Name MASc Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 University of Waterloo Degree Name BASc Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Robotics See 36 endorsements for Robotics 36 Robotics Endorsed by 3 of Dave’s colleagues at Aeryon Labs Inc Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 30 endorsements for Embedded Systems 30 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Jim Chapman, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Dave’s colleagues at Aeryon Labs Inc Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 18 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 18 Hardware Architecture Endorsed by Eric Pearson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Dave’s colleagues at Aeryon Labs Inc Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Dan Mathers Chairman & Co-Founder at eleven-x November 24, 2010, Dave worked with Dan but at different companies Dan has been a pleasure to work with over the past couple years. He works quickly, is well-connected and has the experience to know how to get things accomplished. His guidance has been very helpful as we've built our company. Bruce Playfoot Creating Foam 3D Displays, Sculptures, Props, Themed Environments for Film & TV, Event, XM-Experiential, Trade Show October 14, 2009, Dave worked with Bruce but at different companies Bruce has been our representative at AXIS Prototypes for over a year. In that time we have built numerous prototypes with AXIS and Bruce has been very helpful in ensuring the quote and build process has moved smoothly. He's been able to offer suggestions and set up opportunities for us to showcase our product. Accomplishments Interests University of Waterloo 179,471 followers Textron Systems 9,168 followers Multi Rotor Operators 418 members Pulse 1,535,199 followers Shephard's Unmanned Vehicles 2,185 members University of Waterloo Alumni Group 23,512 members See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Yeh Sensor Hardware Engineer at Apple Apple University of California, Berkeley San Francisco Bay Area 493 493 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Engineering Manager, Sensing Hardware Company Name Apple Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Cupertino, CA Engineer, Sr. Staff/Manager Company Name Qualcomm MEMS Technologies Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location San Jose, CA · Led the MEMS Design Team on device physics modeling and simulation to design next generation pixel node· Successfully worked with overseas manufacturing engineering team to transfer previous generation pixel design· Technical lead (Project Engineer) on the MEMS portion for next generation pixel node· Prepared and delivered high level and deep dive presentations to management and cross-functional team leads on MEMS Pixel Design Projects· Analyzed trade-offs, risks, and mitigation paths for various design approaches and investigated the manufacturability of next generation designs· Thin film mechanical characterization· Pixel design, modeling and simulation· Thin films optical simulation Director of MEMS Engineering Company Name Alces Technology, Inc. Dates Employed 2004 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Jackson Hole, Wyoming · Designed and fabricated innovative MEMS light modulator devices· Successfully managed development of high resolution MEMS light modulator for an engineering contract and transferred fabrication process to a commercial foundry· Selected and managed foundries/vendors for MEMS fabrication and packaging· Contributed in writing grant proposals that resulted in over $3M in funding· Directly responsible for obtaining $1M in funding from the National Science Foundation (Small Business Innovation Research grants nos. 0512972 & 0620566)· Directed research of above NSF grants as principal investigator· Set-up optical system to test MEMS-based light engines for display and lithography applications· Successfully packaged MEMS devices for engineering development platforms· Set-up, tested and measured laser parameters for display and maskless lithography MEMS Product Manager Company Name Tera Fiberoptics, Inc. Dates Employed 2001 – 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Fremont, CA · Designed MEMS optical switch for telecom applications· Managed process development with commercial CMOS foundries in Taiwan · Designed and generated layout and test structures for MEMS switches· Simulated electro-mechanical response using finite element analysis tool, Cosmos DesignStar· Designed and set-up optical test bed for MEMS device· Characterized MEMS opto-mechanical response Graduate Student Intern Company Name Silicon Light Machines Dates Employed 1996 – 1996 Employment Duration less than a year Location Sunnyvale, CA · Conducted feasibility study on using xenon difluoride (XeF2) gas as part of the fabrication process of Silicon Light Machines Grating Light Valve (GLV) devices· Developed critical xenon difluoride (XeF2) etch process to fabricate GLV devices for projection displays· XeF2 etch process dramatically increased yield of GLV devices and replaced the previous method of MEMS release etch at Silicon Light Machines· Worked with Surface Technology Systems (STS) to develop the first commercially-available xenon difluoride silicon etcher Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (MEMS) Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering (MEMS) Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1995 University of California, Berkeley Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements MEMS See 67 endorsements for MEMS 67 MEMS Endorsed by John Heck and 24 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Richard’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills Sensors See 41 endorsements for Sensors 41 Sensors Endorsed by Gary Yama and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Richard’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills Semiconductors See 38 endorsements for Semiconductors 38 Semiconductors Endorsed by Ezekiel Kruglick and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Richard’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (9) Nanping R. Lo Principal at Taimeta Technology May 2, 2010, Nanping R. worked with Richard but at different companies I have had the pleasure of working with Richard on many projects before Alces. He has excellent grasp of the problem at hand, and is very methodical and through. His attention to details helped make my work much smoother than I had anticipated. He listened to my requirements carefully and he made additional suggestions for potential solutions. He works very well with the team and made everyone else in the team performed better. Richard is personable, bright, detail oriented and resourceful, and I recommend him highly. Linh Nguyen All. The. Things. July 20, 2015, Richard was a client of Linh’s Linh is a diligent and professional recruiter with a winning personality. Linh provided a constant stream of qualify resumes for me to review and contributed greatly to team recruiting. With an interest in engineering, Linh was quick to hone in on resumes or candidate profiles for my roles. Last but not least, with excellent communication and interpersonal skills, Linh was an absolute pleasure to work with. Hrishikesh Panchawagh Sensor device physics June 26, 2015, Richard managed Hrishikesh directly Hrishikesh is detail-oriented, technically brilliant while being genuinely humble. As a MEMS designer at Qualcomm, Hrishikesh did an amazing job of performing analytical modeling and FEA simulations. Hrishikesh also has strong communication and people skills that made him an key member of the team. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Apple 3,419,505 followers Micro/Nano - MEMS and Microsystems Global Research and Consulting Network 1,061 members Flexible Displays 575 members MEMS Technology Review 1,519 members Wireless MEMS 1,284 members University of California, Los Angeles 508,148 followers See all See all following
More Actions Alan D. has a account Alan D. George ECE Department Chair, R&H Mickle Endowed Chair, NSF CHREC Center Director University of Pittsburgh Florida State University Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 363 363 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience ECE Department Chair; Ruth & Howard Mickle Endowed Chair Company Name University of Pittsburgh Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Swanson School of Engineering, University of Pittsburgh In January 2017, the lead site of CHREC, Dr. George, and most of his graduate students moved from the University of Florida to the University of Pittsburgh. Director Company Name NSF Center for High-Performance Reconfigurable Computing (CHREC) Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 5 mos Location HQ is at Univ. of Pittsburgh Professor of ECE Company Name University of Florida Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 20 yrs Location Gainesville. FL Education Florida State University Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Computer Science University of Central Florida Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Electrical & Computer Engineering University of Central Florida Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Computer Science Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (6) You haven’t received any recommendations Narayana Perla Senior system software engineer at nvidia January 3, 2013, Alan D. managed Narayana directly I am happy to strongly recommend Mr. Narayana Perla. He was an ECE graduate student and research assistant in my F1 group in CHREC for several semesters, and he contributed significantly to our research in many-core architectures, design tools, services, systems, and applications. Kishore Yalamanchili Engineer at Google July 7, 2012, Alan D. managed Kishore directly It is my pleasure to provide a recommendation for Mr. Kishore Yalamanchili. He is a graduate of our MS program in ECE here at the University of Florida, including several courses that I taught, and he played an important role as a research assistant in our NSF CHREC Center. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Alan D. has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication SHMEM+: A Multilevel-PGAS Programming Model for Reconfigurable Supercomputing Interests Florida State University 236,563 followers Pulse 1,535,198 followers CHREC 130 followers University of Florida 339,720 followers High Performance Computing (HPC). 24,007 members University of Florida 328,495 followers See all See all following
More Actions Socrates has a account Socrates Demetriades Principal Hardware Engineer at Oracle Oracle University of Pittsburgh San Francisco Bay Area 363 363 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Computer architect, with experience in both hardware and software research and development. Highly skilled in processor and system architecture, performance modeling, data analysis, and software engineering. PhD in Computer Engineering & Science. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Santa Clara, CA Processor architecture, performance modeling and projections, pre-silicon exploration, post-silicon hardware and software performance tuning, workload characterization and analysis. Specialized on system-on-chip and multi-chip architecture design exploration, cache coherence protocol, and cache and memory subsystem. Contributor in SPARC lineup T7, M7, S7 architectures. Currently investigating future processor generations. Research Assistant - Computer Architecture, Systems and Technology Lab Company Name University of Pittsburgh Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos Location Computer Science Department Worked on shared memory parallel program characterization, application-driven hardware resource management for performance/power, inter-core communication prediction, scalable directory coherence for manycores, performance modeling, high-performance memory substrates for IP packet forward engines Graduate Intern Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Hudson, MA Worked on heterogeneous computing focusing on performance / power aspects of general and application-specific on-chip heterogeneous multicore architectures. Instructor and Teaching Assistant Company Name University of Pittsburgh Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Computer Science Department Primary Instructor for an introductory course in Computer Science. Teaching assistant (recitation leader) for the courses of High Performance Computing Systems, Algorithms Implementations, Programming for the Web, Formal Methods in Computer Science. Education University of Pittsburgh Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Computer Science/Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2013 University of Patras Degree Name Diploma (5-year program) Field Of Study Computer Engineering and Informatics Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Computer Architecture See 26 endorsements for Computer Architecture 26 Computer Architecture Endorsed by Sangyeun Cho, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 12 of Socrates’ colleagues at University of Pittsburgh Click and drag to reorder skills Algorithms See 24 endorsements for Algorithms 24 Algorithms Endorsed by Charalampos Tsourakakis and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Socrates’ colleagues at Oracle Click and drag to reorder skills High Performance Computing See 21 endorsements for High Performance Computing 21 High Performance Computing Endorsed by 2 of Socrates’ colleagues at Oracle Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Socrates has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Stash Directory: A Scalable Directory for Many-Core Coherence Predicting Coherence Communication by Tracking Synchronization Points at Run Time Barrier-Watch: Characterizing Multithreaded workloads across and within Program-Defined Epochs. An Efficient Hardware-based Multi-hash Scheme for High Speed IP Lookup Socrates has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Best Business Idea Award Graduate Fellowship Interests Qualcomm 284,147 followers Multicore & Parallel Computing 15,519 members NVIDIA 208,883 followers University of Pittsburgh 184,805 followers Google 4,871,449 followers NetBeez, Inc. 270 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ben has a account Ben Ong APJ Global Relationship Manager at Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise Edinburgh Business School, Heriot-Watt University Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 413 413 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced in end-to-end deal management including deal facilitation, credit checks, funding management, collection activities & team management in a leasing/financing environment. Well versed in high volume/dollar client portfolio management, debt restructuring and client relationship management. Goal-getter, works well individually and experienced in managing high-performance team. Proven track-record involved in projects related to cost savings, implementation of new tools/resources, improving productivity and headcount reduction.Personally, I'm a health conscious and active person. Participated in multiple running and cycling events since 2012. Love to mingle and social and also of course grow my network of friends! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Manager, Global Relationship APJ Company Name Hewlett Packard Enterprise Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia - Regional role responsible for the management of the operational business relationship and development of Named Global Accounts with a diverse complexity under Financial Services division covering Asia Pacific and Japan region with approximate target to generate total revenue of USD$300M business annually. Countries coverage includes Australia, New Zealand, China, Hong Kong, India, Malaysia, Singapore, Japan and Korea.- Act as a Leader amongst global peers to drive and implement the Customer solution on a global basis for designated accounts hosted out of APJ. Single point of contact for Customer and Sales team with regards to operational matters.- Prepares and runs quarterly operational performance reviews with the customer/partner and supports improvement plans. This includes post mortem reviews with internal stakeholders and customer to drive and improve customer overall satisfaction. - Owns the implementation and management of the end to end customer specific global solution design (e.g. documentation, collections, portfolio activity).- Build a strong ongoing relationship with Customer, Sales and supporting functions through all levels of the Customer's organization. Develop after sales opportunity with run-rate customers while supporting direct client facing sales manager in relation to new deals. - Owns the Customer relationship and drives resolution of all Customer queries and issues and collaborates with other functions to drive resolution in support of the customer/partner requirements. Key accounts managed are BHP Billiton, NTT (Dimension Data), L'Oreal, Honda and Tata Group.- Proactively communicates operational process changes to customers/partners and internal clients; supports the implementation phase and updates Customer Solution Design documentation.Conducts and reviews highly complex operational analysis where required. Manager, Customer Relations Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia • Head of Accounts Receivables & Accounts Payable function and the risk management of the receivables/payables portfolio for Malaysia & Singapore clients (portfolio in excess of more than USD$20M exposure with 500 active leasing contracts) which includes operational processes such as compliance requirements, accounting, taxation, customs, audit and treasury regulations.• Management and process ownership of Cisco Capital Contracts and Leasing Information into Financial Management systems , including end of term options process management. Assist Financial Sales Manager & Customer Contract Manager in pre & post sales work & discussion. Instrumental in growing leasing business with local Telco giants such as Telekom Malaysia and Celcom. • Review overall deal pricing information, deal economics, ensuring exceptions have been managed. Includes reviewing & understanding Legal terms & conditions with regards to any Cisco Capital Contracts. • Managing payment process and in country compliance requirements and to ensure Reseller / supplier invoices are settled in a timely manner.• Ensure that inter company accounts (including AR/AP/Internal Discounts) are managed appropriately. • Managing metrics and business reports to management and stakeholders. • Establishing and maintaining effective internal and external customer relationships. Includes trouble shooting and negotiating/restructuring payment plan to ensure timely collection. • Review appropriate business control reports and proactively develop action plans to address the root cause of any deviations. Team Leader, Accounts Receivable Company Name IBM Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia - Team Leader for Client Financing (CuF) Accounts Receivable Department supporting Australia & New Zealand with a total exposure of AUD$55M. - Co-ordination of daily operational activities to meet targets, execute process, facilitate issue resolution and satisfy clients, whilst maximising team performance and nurturing team morale.- Build and sustain a high performance team, by coaching, communicating and enabling effective Team processes, interface with other Teams/departments, management, peers and clients to ensure operational results. Overachieved in 3 consecutive Quarters in 2014 to 2015. - Act as a focal point for team escalation on business, client or team issues. Communicate consistent, relevant, accurate, timely information, clearly and to the right audience, on behalf of the department; ensure understanding of communications; communicate the “why” of decisions.Communicate with team on any updates to team documents.- Analysis of control reports & measurement report. Identifies and actions correction of control exposures. Understand business process and assist team in resolving issues and ensure compliance to all auditing processes. Media (1) This position has 1 media KL CoE Best Idea KL CoE Best Idea This media is a document Specialist, Accounts Receivable Company Name IBM Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia • Manage accounts receivable for clients based in New South Wales, Australia.• Target orientated job that requires me to pull in average AUD$13-15 million on a monthly basis as well as an average of 120-180 accounts per month with monthly invoicing or one-off invoicing. Able to surpass monthly target of 85% consistently.• Received cash award for meeting the delinquency target three months consecutively for Quarter 1 2011. • Part of the A/R Productivity Team which assist in streamlining process for AR Tower in IBM. Achieved collectively to reduce the number of reports for collectors in ASEAN.• Part of the Planting the Future Program 2010 that develop individuals in line with the IBM Foundational Competencies in-order to be the future leaders in IBM.• Awarded the Best Performer for the last quarter of 2009. A member of the Titans program that requires me to support two roles as an AR Specialist as well as Cash Applicator back-up.• Part of the integrated supply chain that requires me to administer that proper billing, invoicing, shipping, services rendered as well as payment are done accurate and to customers’ demands.• Collector for all invoices related to brands across IBM such as IBM Global Business Services, Global Technology Services, IBM S&D, IBM Information Technology Services, Infoprint Systems, IBM Software Group to name a few. Associate, Retail Sales Company Name Apple Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia • Learnt to hit target and liaise with customers in-order to attain more regular sales• Work in a constructive environment• Able to provide solutions to customers and rectify problems regarding Mac computers• First hand experience working for a large retail outlet that has outlets in all major shopping centres in Malaysia (ie. Midvalley, Lot 10, KLCC, The Gardens and Sunway Pyramid)• Provide solution and on-site service for customers• Dealt with corporate customers• Able to cooperate and lead my younger colleagues• Able to hit my personal target of RM200,000 per month every month• Cooperate with other staffs to attain our monthly store target of RM1,000,000 per month• One of the pioneers of the Sunway Pyramid outlet Education Edinburgh Business School, Heriot-Watt University Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2019 Monash University Degree Name Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Taylor's College Degree Name South Australian Matriculation Field Of Study Business and I.T Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2006 See more education Volunteer Experience Science Project Manager (In conjunction with Centennial Year Celebration) Company Name IBM Dates volunteered Oct 2011 – Oct 2011 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 14 endorsements for Analysis 14 Analysis Carol Wong and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounts Receivable See 14 endorsements for Accounts Receivable 14 Accounts Receivable Endorsed by Razman Jamal, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Ben’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Business Process See 11 endorsements for Business Process 11 Business Process Endorsed by 7 of Ben’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Fariska Abdul Rahim Commercial Specialist September 2, 2016, Fariska worked with Ben in the same group Fariska is very detail orientated and always prioritize building a healthy relationship with both internal/external clients in-order to achieve good results for our company. Her persistence and 'can-do' attitude have ensured that Cisco Capital is able to consistently meet our clients' expectations as well as drive strong results overall. Accomplishments Ben has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Lean Six Sigma Accelerated Leadership Program Ben has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Malay Ben has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects KL CoE Client Tower Continuous Innovation Program KL A/R Automated Letter Program Ben has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course Six Sigma Interests Monash University 241,221 followers Taylor's University 17,569 followers Taylor's University 18,566 followers Taylor's College 2,161 followers CARBUDDY 5 followers Sir Alex FergusonSir Alex Ferguson is a LinkedIn Influencer Director, Ambassador, Visiting Fellow, Author 79,680 followers See all See all following
More Actions Stephen has a account Stephen Killian Lead Robotics Engineer at Eiratech Robotics Ltd. Ireland 94 94 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent My passion is working hard in incredibly creative roles. I'm thankful to be in a position where I can solve challenging technical problems every day, while at the same time leading a team of hardware engineers in creating a beautiful and complex industrial product.My core focus at Eiratech relates to the physical design of the Eirabot (our Autonomously Guided Vehicle). I oversee the design, testing and validation of all hardware elements of the Eirabot.I'm a highly-motivated hardware engineer with experience in a broad range of technical disciplines. I'm particularly at ease with the design of complex mechanical parts and assemblies. This includes initial concept generation, rapid validation of proposals through analytical and numerical analyses, drafting of parts for prototyping, sourcing said parts, test procedure generation and determination of commercial solutions.I am experienced in working with electronics, particularly with the physical specification of boards and enclosures, PCB layout and wiring specification.Separate to my activities at Eiratech, I am working with a number of companies and research bodies in Ireland to develop a hardware product in the agri-tech sector. I have acquired excellent skills at rapidly creating and deploying prototypes and pre-commercial versions of this product using off-the-shelf parts combined with my own circuits and code.Specialities: Mechanical design, concept generation, electronics, product design, design for manufacture, technical writing, management of small hardware teams, systems engineering, mathematical modelling, numerical simulation, hands-on prototyping and testing. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Lead Robotics Engineer Company Name Eiratech Robotics Ltd. Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location County Dublin, Ireland Eiratech is a start-up company that is developing and deploying warehouse automation systems utilizing its internally developed Eirabot (Autonomously Guided Vehicle). • Currently oversee the design and integration of all mechanical and electronic elements of the Eirabot.• Designed from scratch the mechanical assembly of the Eirabot.• Designed the wiring structure, PCB outlines, harnesses and placement of electronic components.• At ease with the design of complex mechanical parts and assemblies with various fabrication methods.• Sourced many thousands of self-designed parts for Eiratech from various suppliers in Europe and Asia.• Manage a team of six hardware engineers, and work alongside a team of software engineers to realize a reliable and cost effective product. CTO & Managing Director Company Name KL Technology Developments Ltd. Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos • Co-founded KL Technology Developments Ltd., to develop an agri-tech product, initially bootstrapped by developing prototypes for others. • Generated pre-investment revenues undertaking software and hardware projects on a contractual basis. • Co-presented a customer’s software product to the CEO, Head of Web and Head of Ancillary Revenues at Europe’s largest airline (Ryanair). • Central to raising an investment of €50,000, creating and delivering key presentations and reports. Education University College Dublin Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Grade 1.1 Degree Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2013 University College Dublin Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Grade 1.1 Degree Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 Institute of Education Degree Name High School Grade 600 out of 600 points in third-level entrance examinations (top 0.3%) Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Design See 10 endorsements for Product Design 10 Product Design Maksim Doroshko and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills CAD See 7 endorsements for CAD 7 CAD Maksim Doroshko and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Mechanical Engineering See 6 endorsements for Mechanical Engineering 6 Mechanical Engineering Maksim Doroshko and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Stephen has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project BlueTape - Winning Project, PCH Hardware Hackathon Interests KL Technology Developments Ltd. 1 followers Eiratech Robotics Ltd. 117 followers University College Dublin 137,816 followers Pulse 1,535,198 followers University College Dublin 129,339 followers
More Actions Igor has a account Igor Kazinov FPGA designer at BlueITS GmbH BlueITS GmbH Kyiv National Taras Shevchenko University Regensburg Area, Germany 184 184 connections  Having over 10 years of experience in electronics. Expertise in VHDL/Verilog/SystemVerilog designs for Altera/Xilinx FPGA and CPLD. Extensive experience with Xilinx and Altera tools. Extensive experience in “System-On-programmable-Chip” for Altera Nios2/SoC, XilinxMicroblaze/Zynq. Extensive experience in IP cores designing which use Altera Avalon, AXI, Xilinx PLBand Wishbone buses. Proficient in FPGA design verification. Proficient in Asembler, C and C++ programming for PC and embedded hardware. Proficient in Linux OS and bare-metal solutions for embedded processors (NIOS2,Microblaze, ARM, TI DSP). Proficient in device driver writing for Linux OS. Proficient in TCL, Perl and BASH scripting. Writing drivers for PCI Express devices under Windows OS. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience FPGA designer Company Name BlueITS GmbH Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Nürnberg Area, Germany Development video-processing designs for FPGA.Altera: Cyclone series, Cyclone SoC.Xilinx: Spartan series, ZYNQ series. FPGA designer Company Name AFORE Solutions UA Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Development telecommunication designs for FPGA.Altera: Cyclone series, Stratix series.Xilinx: Spartan series. Digital designer Company Name Central Design Office “Arsenal” Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Hardware development for device orientation. DSP and FPGA.Xilinx, ALtera Digital hardware designer Company Name RQL-Ukraine ltd Dates Employed May 2007 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Industrial interface system development. Routing PCB, making production data, etc.Xilinx /Altera FPGA, AMCC PPC, etc. Engineer Company Name TSKU nuclear physics department laboratory Dates Employed Jan 2005 – May 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos "VECTOR","KAMAK" nuclear data processing systems Education Kyiv National Taras Shevchenko University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study nuclear physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Activities and Societies: electronics Theme of master diploma: Model of nuclear spectrometer with basis of Digital Signal Processing. Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 25 endorsements for FPGA 25 FPGA Endorsed by LISA Liu Jingwen, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Altera See 21 endorsements for Altera 21 Altera Endorsed by 5 of Igor’s colleagues at CloudLink Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 19 endorsements for Electronics 19 Electronics Endorsed by LISA Liu Jingwen and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Igor’s colleagues at CloudLink Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Igor has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English German Russian Igor has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project DS_DMA Igor has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Table hardware description methods and tools based on FPGA. Interests Kiev National Taras Shevchenko University 28,287 followers CloudLink Technologies 627 followers Xilinx 73,169 followers ARM FPGA (1k+ members) 2,085 members Altera 35,578 followers SystemVerilog for Verification 10,029 members See all See all following
More Actions Nathan has a account Nathan Martineau Director of Manufacturing Operations at Masco Cabinetry Masco Cabinetry University of Michigan-Dearborn Ann Arbor, Michigan 439 439 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Director of Manufacturing Operations Company Name Masco Cabinetry Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Ann Arbor, MI Plant Manager Company Name Milgard Windows and Doors Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos A Masco company based in Tacoma, Wash., offering a full line of wood, aluminum, vinyl and fiberglass windows and patio doors for builders, dealers and homeowners with approximately 600 million in sales.; Responsible for 150-employee plant operations: manufacturing, scheduling, purchasing, and maintenance. Develop efficiency strategies to ensure the plant meets production goals and standards at minimal manufacturing costs. Production Manager Company Name Masco Cabinetry Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Plan and direct the work activities of 300 employees on two-shifts for the manufacturing of cabinets and accessories in accordance with Safety, Quality, Delivery and Cost metrics. Corporate Manufacturing Engineer Company Name Masco Cabinetry Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Responsible for the support of multiple manufacturing plants with duties that include: capital purchases, introduction of lean manufacturing principles, new product introductions and quality initiatives. Manufacturing Engineer Company Name Unisys Dates Employed May 2000 – Dec 2005 Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos A worldwide information technology services and solutions company, headquartered in Blue Bell, PA employing up to 37,000 employees.; Responsible for the design and support assembly lines, including line balancing, sequence of events planning, and assisting in manufacturing process development and documentation. Education University of Michigan-Dearborn Degree Name MSE Field Of Study Manufacturing Systems Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 University of Michigan Degree Name BSE Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Secretary of Alpha Pi Mu, Industrial Engineering Honor Society Member of Tau Beta Pi, National Engineering Honor Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Value Stream Mapping See 21 endorsements for Value Stream Mapping 21 Value Stream Mapping Endorsed by 5 of Nathan’s colleagues at Masco Cabinetry Click and drag to reorder skills Cross-functional Team Leadership See 19 endorsements for Cross-functional Team Leadership 19 Cross-functional Team Leadership Endorsed by 4 of Nathan’s colleagues at Masco Cabinetry Click and drag to reorder skills Continuous Improvement See 18 endorsements for Continuous Improvement 18 Continuous Improvement Endorsed by Lanny Pickens and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Nathan’s colleagues at Masco Cabinetry Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Masco Cabinetry 5,061 followers University of Michigan-Dearborn 34,893 followers University of Michigan-Dearborn 36,658 followers University of Michigan 368,383 followers Pulse 1,535,199 followers University of Michigan 388,113 followers See all See all following
More Actions Igor has a account Igor Kazinov FPGA designer at BlueITS GmbH BlueITS GmbH Kyiv National Taras Shevchenko University Regensburg Area, Germany 184 184 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent  Having over 10 years of experience in electronics. Expertise in VHDL/Verilog/SystemVerilog designs for Altera/Xilinx FPGA and CPLD. Extensive experience with Xilinx and Altera tools. Extensive experience in “System-On-programmable-Chip” for Altera Nios2/SoC, XilinxMicroblaze/Zynq. Extensive experience in IP cores designing which use Altera Avalon, AXI, Xilinx PLBand Wishbone buses. Proficient in FPGA design verification. Proficient in Asembler, C and C++ programming for PC and embedded hardware. Proficient in Linux OS and bare-metal solutions for embedded processors (NIOS2,Microblaze, ARM, TI DSP). Proficient in device driver writing for Linux OS. Proficient in TCL, Perl and BASH scripting. Writing drivers for PCI Express devices under Windows OS. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience FPGA designer Company Name BlueITS GmbH Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Nürnberg Area, Germany Development video-processing designs for FPGA.Altera: Cyclone series, Cyclone SoC.Xilinx: Spartan series, ZYNQ series. FPGA designer Company Name AFORE Solutions UA Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Development telecommunication designs for FPGA.Altera: Cyclone series, Stratix series.Xilinx: Spartan series. Digital designer Company Name Central Design Office “Arsenal” Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Hardware development for device orientation. DSP and FPGA.Xilinx, ALtera Digital hardware designer Company Name RQL-Ukraine ltd Dates Employed May 2007 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Industrial interface system development. Routing PCB, making production data, etc.Xilinx /Altera FPGA, AMCC PPC, etc. Engineer Company Name TSKU nuclear physics department laboratory Dates Employed Jan 2005 – May 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos "VECTOR","KAMAK" nuclear data processing systems Education Kyiv National Taras Shevchenko University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study nuclear physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Activities and Societies: electronics Theme of master diploma: Model of nuclear spectrometer with basis of Digital Signal Processing. Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 25 endorsements for FPGA 25 FPGA Endorsed by LISA Liu Jingwen, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Altera See 21 endorsements for Altera 21 Altera Endorsed by 5 of Igor’s colleagues at CloudLink Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 19 endorsements for Electronics 19 Electronics Endorsed by LISA Liu Jingwen and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Igor’s colleagues at CloudLink Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Igor has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English German Russian Igor has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project DS_DMA Igor has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Table hardware description methods and tools based on FPGA. Interests Altera 35,578 followers Kiev National Taras Shevchenko University 28,287 followers FPGA - Field Programmable Gate Array 33,126 members Semiconductor (Hardware and Software Engineers) in Europe countries 1,874 members Pulse 1,535,199 followers Kiev National Taras Shevchenko University 29,173 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nathan has a account Nathan Martineau Director of Manufacturing Operations at Masco Cabinetry Masco Cabinetry University of Michigan-Dearborn Ann Arbor, Michigan 439 439 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Director of Manufacturing Operations Company Name Masco Cabinetry Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Ann Arbor, MI Plant Manager Company Name Milgard Windows and Doors Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos A Masco company based in Tacoma, Wash., offering a full line of wood, aluminum, vinyl and fiberglass windows and patio doors for builders, dealers and homeowners with approximately 600 million in sales.; Responsible for 150-employee plant operations: manufacturing, scheduling, purchasing, and maintenance. Develop efficiency strategies to ensure the plant meets production goals and standards at minimal manufacturing costs. Production Manager Company Name Masco Cabinetry Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Plan and direct the work activities of 300 employees on two-shifts for the manufacturing of cabinets and accessories in accordance with Safety, Quality, Delivery and Cost metrics. Corporate Manufacturing Engineer Company Name Masco Cabinetry Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Responsible for the support of multiple manufacturing plants with duties that include: capital purchases, introduction of lean manufacturing principles, new product introductions and quality initiatives. Manufacturing Engineer Company Name Unisys Dates Employed May 2000 – Dec 2005 Employment Duration 5 yrs 8 mos A worldwide information technology services and solutions company, headquartered in Blue Bell, PA employing up to 37,000 employees.; Responsible for the design and support assembly lines, including line balancing, sequence of events planning, and assisting in manufacturing process development and documentation. Education University of Michigan-Dearborn Degree Name MSE Field Of Study Manufacturing Systems Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 University of Michigan Degree Name BSE Field Of Study Industrial Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Secretary of Alpha Pi Mu, Industrial Engineering Honor Society Member of Tau Beta Pi, National Engineering Honor Society Featured Skills & Endorsements Value Stream Mapping See 21 endorsements for Value Stream Mapping 21 Value Stream Mapping Endorsed by 5 of Nathan’s colleagues at Masco Cabinetry Click and drag to reorder skills Cross-functional Team Leadership See 19 endorsements for Cross-functional Team Leadership 19 Cross-functional Team Leadership Endorsed by 4 of Nathan’s colleagues at Masco Cabinetry Click and drag to reorder skills Continuous Improvement See 18 endorsements for Continuous Improvement 18 Continuous Improvement Endorsed by Lanny Pickens and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Nathan’s colleagues at Masco Cabinetry Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Michigan-Dearborn 36,658 followers Milgard Windows and Doors 6,562 followers Masco Cabinetry 5,061 followers University of Michigan 368,383 followers University of Michigan 388,113 followers Pulse 1,535,199 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ali has a account Ali Raza -- harna Kabi Pakistan 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Computer Hardware Engineer Company Name harna Kabi Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Sargodha Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Liz RyanLiz Ryan is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO, Human Workplace; Author, "Reinvention Roadmap" 2,103,141 followers Dr. Travis BradberryDr. Travis Bradberry is a LinkedIn Influencer Coauthor EMOTIONAL INTELLIGENCE 2.0 & President at TalentSmart 1,726,864 followers Pulse 1,535,200 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,181,816 followers
More Actions John has a account John Macho VMS Manager Hill's Supply Inc. University of Pittsburgh Greater Pittsburgh Area 482 482 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience VMS Manager Company Name Hill's Supply Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Ohio Manager, Hardware Development Company Name ZOLL Medical Corporation Dates Employed May 2012 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Pittsburgh Area Manage the team of electrical engineers and technicians responsible for designing and supporting the electrical hardware of the LifeVest system.Coordinate project timelines, determine and obtain resources, assign work, and monitor progress and results.Provide senior technical support and leadership to the hardware team.Collaborate with other engineering managers to establish development standards and system wide design standards across all development platforms. Staff Electrical Engineer Company Name ZOLL Medical Corporation Dates Employed Sep 2009 – May 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Greater Pittsburgh Area Lead electrical engineer for embedded electrical hardware design (analog, digital, high voltage), schematic capture and PCB design, component selection, verification and validation testing, safety testing, EMC/EMI/ESD testing, regulatory compliance, requirements/procedure/report documentation, manufacturing support, project development, and resource management. Electrical Design Engineer Company Name ZOLL Medical Corporation Dates Employed May 2006 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Greater Pittsburgh Area Embedded electrical hardware design (analog, digital, high voltage), schematic capture and PCB design, component selection, verification and validation testing, safety testing, EMC/EMI/ESD testing, regulatory compliance, requirements/procedure/report documentation, manufacturing test development, manufacturing support. Electrician Company Name Macho Electric Dates Employed Jan 2000 – May 2006 Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Education University of Pittsburgh Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 38 endorsements for Embedded Systems 38 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Shane Volpe, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of John’s colleagues at ZOLL Medical Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 35 endorsements for Testing 35 Testing Endorsed by Tony Antonio Masone and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 18 of John’s colleagues at ZOLL Medical Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills PCB design See 29 endorsements for PCB design 29 PCB design Endorsed by 5 of John’s colleagues at ZOLL Medical Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments John has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certificate of Completion in The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People for Mgrs Interests Pulse 1,535,200 followers University of Pittsburgh 170,695 followers Keystone Compliance 390 followers University of Pittsburgh 184,806 followers ZOLL Medical Corporation 22,411 followers American Management Association 20,085 followers
More Actions Imran has a account Imran Charania Computer Engineer Kubos Corporation Udacity Dallas/Fort Worth Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Imran’s Activity 849 followers LinkedIn Top Companies 2017: Where the world wants to work now Imran shared this Free tickets to Collision 2018 Imran liked Space software company sees big promise in tiny satellites Imran liked Software Engineer Intern - Nectar Jobs on AngelList Imran shared this Hardware Engineer Intern - Nectar Jobs on AngelList Imran shared this See all activity Experience Electrical Engineer Company Name Kubos Corporation Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area I designed and implemented multiple electrical systems for use in high-altitude balloons including telemetry, communications, and power management systems. I performed systems engineering and architecture design as well as implemented embedded software. I also designed and implemented an Agile development process for hardware design. Founder & CEO Company Name Cirkyt Technologies, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area I led a multidisciplinary team in the design of a wearable technology product and the formulation of a business strategy using the lean customer development process. I derived requirements from customers and managed the product backlog and roadmap and led the team in sprints in order to deliver product. Electronics Engineer Company Name United States Department of Defense Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 12 mos Location Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Area I worked on the integration of hardware and software components used in the automated testing of avionics and flight systems on aircraft. I conducted unit tests, integrations tests, and reviews of other projects in order to ensure they satisfied customer requirements. Education Udacity Degree Name Nanodegree Field Of Study Full-Stack Web Developer Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2017 Texas Tech University Degree Name Bachelor of Science - BS Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2012 Minor in Mathematics and Statistics; completed graduate coursework studying Computer Architecture, Telecommunication Networks, and Digital Signal Processing. Volunteer Experience Track Captain - IOT Company Name Dallas Startup Week Dates volunteered Apr 2016 – Apr 2016 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology Mentor Company Name Startup Weekend Dates volunteered Nov 2015 – Nov 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology Mentor Company Name Hackster.io Dates volunteered Apr 2015 – Apr 2015 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Science and Technology See more volunteer experiences Featured Skills & Endorsements Entrepreneurship See 8 endorsements for Entrepreneurship 8 Entrepreneurship Endorsed by Nolan Clemmons and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Leadership See 21 endorsements for Leadership 21 Leadership Endorsed by 7 people who know Leadership Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 18 endorsements for Embedded Systems 18 Embedded Systems Scott Sojourner and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Imran has 19 courses 19 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Business Strategy Applications of Everyday Leadership Business Growth Strategy Business Strategy Corporate Strategy Designing the Organization: From Strategy to Organizational Structure Digital Signal Processing Foundations of Business Strategy Foundations of Everyday Leadership Grow to Greatness: Smart Growth for Private Businesses Imran has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 1st Place Eagle Scout Imran has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Certified Scrum Product Owner Interests Apple 3,419,512 followers Mark CubanMark Cuban is a LinkedIn Influencer President 2,064,543 followers Tony RobbinsTony Robbins is a LinkedIn Influencer #1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur 2,429,506 followers Twitter 493,028 followers Entrepreneurship 16,576,087 followers Texas Tech University 161,683 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mohammed (Mo) S. has a account Mohammed (Mo) S. Islam Management Consultant at KPMG Advisory KPMG US Temple University - Fox School of Business & Management Greater Philadelphia Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Management Consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the healthcare financial services industry. Skilled in Tableau, Microsoft Excel, Databases, Epic, Cerner, Employee Training, and Artiva HC. Strong consulting professional with a Bachelor's Degree focused in Accounting and Finance from Temple University - Fox School of Business & Management. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Mohammed (Mo) S.’s Activity 512 followers ​Senate panel approves extending FDA user fees -- Modern Healthcare Mohammed (Mo) S. liked An EHR Implementation Road Map Enhances ROI - HFMA's Strategic Financial Planning Mohammed (Mo) S. liked KPMG's Dave Brown and Morris Treadway share strategies that can help companies achieve positive transformational change through digital disruption. Mohammed (Mo) S. shared this Appian Recognizes KPMG as one of its 2017 Global and Regional Partners of the Year. This partner ecosystem is helping organizations across industries and around the globe accelerate meaningful digital transformation via the low-code Appian Platform. Mohammed (Mo) S. shared this Proud to be part of KPMG, a company that is celebrating 10 years on DiversityInc's Top 50 Companies for Diversity list! Mohammed (Mo) S. shared this Congratulations to KPMG's CIO Harry Moseley, named to CIO.com's 2017 CIO Hall of Fame. http://bit.ly/2r1BEbW Mohammed (Mo) S. shared this See all activity Experience Management Consultant Company Name KPMG US Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Staff Consultant Company Name McBee Associates, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Wayne, PA • Managing and updating our consulting team’s Microsoft Access databases, creating status reports, conducting impact analysis, creating revenue recognition and budgeting spreadsheets in Microsoft Excel.• Analyzing accounts and recommending course of action to accurately collect and recognize revenue for home health and hospice organizations.• Creating detailed guides for claim processing and follow-up for various insurance companies in order to prepare new consultants and clients to excel in their role.• Training staff in: healthcare systems such as Home Care Home Base (HCHB), macros, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, status reports, and regulatory updates.• Created macros to: efficiently pull status and payment information directly from the Medicare DDE system and generate medical documentation from reports. This resulted in increased accuracy and staff productivity. Contracted Accounts Payable Clerk Company Name AmerisourceBergen Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Thorofare, NJ • Coded hundreds of claims from Merck, Pfizer, AbbVie and many other large pharmaceutical companies using Metastorm, JDE & SAP on a weekly basis.• Created weekly, monthly and quarterly statements for management and national distribution centers using Microsoft Excel.• Worked alongside team members to resolve claim disputes, prepare spreadsheets and verify claim legitimacy. Accounting Associate Company Name Corus Pharmacy Dates Employed Aug 2013 – May 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Drexel Hill • Recorded daily transactions, reconciled bank statements, created end of month financial reports and maintained general ledger in QuickBooks.• Provided telephone correspondence with customers, insurance companies and wholesalers regarding invoice payments, customer/patient inquiries, and co-payments.• Handled disputes on unpaid claims, contacted insurance companies to expedite payments thus increasing AR turnover. Senior Game Advisor Company Name GameStop Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Philadelphia Area • Provided insightful knowledge of all upcoming releases of video games and video game related news to consumers and customers.• Motivated and assigned team members with strategic activities to increase overall store performance.• Ranked number one in upcoming game reservations and membership subscription sales for four consecutive weeks in the district. See more positions Education Temple University - Fox School of Business & Management Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Accounting and Finance Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Volunteer Experience alex's lemonade stand Company Name Walgreens Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements PowerPoint See 13 endorsements for PowerPoint 13 PowerPoint Endorsed by Jarrod Stewart, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Mohammed (Mo) S.’s colleagues at McBee Click and drag to reorder skills Bookkeeping See 5 endorsements for Bookkeeping 5 Bookkeeping Steven Domokos and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Accounting See 7 endorsements for Accounting 7 Accounting Endorsed by 2 of Mohammed (Mo) S.’s colleagues at McBee Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mohammed (Mo) S. has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Life, Accident and Health Insurance Mohammed (Mo) S. has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Bangali Interests Bloomberg LP 716,415 followers HealthWyse 467 followers Accounting Jobs and Jobseekers 124,396 members IMA Consulting 1,903 followers McKinsey & Company 1,368,616 followers R1 RCM 18,013 followers See all See all following
More Actions Fei has a account Fei Zhou Hardware Senior Engineer at Alcatel-lucent shanghai bell alcatel lucent shanghai bell Jiangsu University of Science and Technology Shanghai City, China 14 14 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience HW senior engineer Company Name alcatel lucent shanghai bell Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Shanghai Cabinet controller board hardware design and project managementWireless basestation configuration BOM and modular structure document editWireless basestation integrated test including test bench build-up, executing EMC, Lightning, mechanical test, and thermal test (CE mark related) HW engnieer Company Name Honeywell Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Boards used in aero cabinet design, include schemetics, PCB, and prototype design.Provide technical support for board manufacture Education Jiangsu University of Science and Technology Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Electronic and Communications Engineering Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Shanghai Jiao Tong University Degree Name Engineer's Degree Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 Activities and Societies: Electronic and communication Featured Skills & Endorsements PCB layout design PCB layout design No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Electrical Engineering Electrical Engineering No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Qualification Testing Qualification Testing No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,201 followers 上海交通大学 107,663 followers Shanghai Jiao Tong University 114,455 followers KLM Royal Dutch Airlines 409,415 followers Alcatel-Lucent Shanghai Bell 13,278 followers Jiangsu University of Science and Technology 8,296 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Troxler Manager Hardware Engineering EM Test Université de Haute-Alsace Mulhouse-Colmar Basel Area, Switzerland 67 67 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Manager Hardware Engineering Conducted EMC Company Name EM Test Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Reinach BL, Switzerland Project Manager in Electronics (EMC) Company Name HAEFELY HIPOTRONICS Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 8 yrs 5 mos Location Basel, Switzerland Development Engineer Company Name JAQUET Technology Group Dates Employed Nov 2000 – Jul 2007 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location Basel, Switzerland Product Engineer for Printed Circuit Boards Company Name Photo Print Electronics Dates Employed Jan 1998 – Feb 2001 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Schopfheim, Germany Senior Hardware and Software Design Engineer Company Name Telmat Multinode Dates Employed Jan 1993 – Dec 1997 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Soultz, France See more positions Education Université de Haute-Alsace Mulhouse-Colmar Degree Name Engineer’s Degree Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Grade Diplome Etudes Approfondies Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1988 Université de Haute-Alsace Mulhouse-Colmar Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Grade Maitrise EEA mention bien Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1987 Université de Haute-Alsace Mulhouse-Colmar Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Grade DUT Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1985 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Project Management See 4 endorsements for Project Management 4 Project Management Pierre-Alain Muller and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 4 endorsements for Electronics 4 Electronics Pierre-Alain Muller and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Engineering See 2 endorsements for Engineering 2 Engineering Marcial Blasutto and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Eric has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages english french german Interests Université de Haute-Alsace Mulhouse-Colmar 13,259 followers AMETEK Electronic Components and Packaging 645 followers Engineering Management Selection E.M.S. AG 1,985 followers Pulse 1,535,201 followers EM Test 472 followers Hays 1,686,906 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ruslan has a account Ruslan Chulkov Hardware engineer Softeq Flash Solutions Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics Belarus 98 98 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: FPGA, DSP. Highlights Experience Software Engineer Company Name Softeq Flash Solutions Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos hardware engineer Company Name OJSC “AGAT - Control Systems” Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Minsk, Belarus Technical Support Specialist Company Name ISP Belinfonet Dates Employed May 2007 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Education Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Digital Signal Processing, VHDL, Verilog, CAD Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Minsk State Higher Radioengineering College Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 6 endorsements for FPGA 6 FPGA Mikalai Seva and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills VHDL See 5 endorsements for VHDL 5 VHDL Nick Petrovsky and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Altera See 4 endorsements for Altera 4 Altera Mikalai Seva and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ruslan has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Russian Interests Itransition Group 3,122 followers Signal Processing Design 5,296 members Pulse 1,535,202 followers EPAM Systems 108,077 followers FPGA Users & High Performance Computing Enthusiasts 4,014 members job BELARUS 6,954 members See all See all following
More Actions Yutong has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Yutong Zhang Venture Capital GSR Ventures Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Partner Company Name GSR Ventures Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 3 mos VP of Operations Company Name FunPlus Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Beijing City, China Marketing and Business Development Company Name RedAtoms Dates Employed Apr 2012 – May 2012 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Beijing Co-President Company Name Chinese Entrepreneurs Organization Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Stanford Strategy Manager Company Name Baixing.com Dates Employed 2011 – 2011 Employment Duration less than a year See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Management Science and Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Tsinghua University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Electronic Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Venture Capital See 72 endorsements for Venture Capital 72 Venture Capital Endorsed by Ben Yu and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Yutong’s colleagues at GSR Ventures Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 49 endorsements for Strategy 49 Strategy Endorsed by Jennifer Jones and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Yutong’s colleagues at FunPlus Click and drag to reorder skills Entrepreneurship See 41 endorsements for Entrepreneurship 41 Entrepreneurship Endorsed by Peng T. Ong and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Yutong’s colleagues at GSR Ventures Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Fang SU (Danny) a professional with strong skillsets and rich experience at strategy planning, strategy execution, M&A and PMI November 13, 2012, Fang worked with Yutong in the same group Danny has the qualities of a hard worker and a team player, but what really makes him stand out is the thorough and thoughtful approach he brings into the project and his leadership skills to push the team forward. His knowledge of the industry is extensive and he always provides solid advice for the clients. Beyond his intellectual skills, Danny is easy to work with, and always honors his commitments, both professional and personal. Accomplishments Yutong has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Interests TechCrunch 1,619,931 followers The Wall Street Journal 2,341,820 followers McKinsey & Company 1,368,616 followers 清华大学 123,898 followers Kai Fu LeeKai Fu Lee is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at 创新工场 Sinovation Ventures 423,354 followers Steve BlankSteve Blank is a LinkedIn Influencer Adjunct Professor at Stanford University 459,327 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ruslan has a account Ruslan Chulkov Hardware engineer Softeq Flash Solutions Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics Belarus 98 98 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: FPGA, DSP. Highlights Experience Software Engineer Company Name Softeq Flash Solutions Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos hardware engineer Company Name OJSC “AGAT - Control Systems” Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Minsk, Belarus Technical Support Specialist Company Name ISP Belinfonet Dates Employed May 2007 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Education Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Digital Signal Processing, VHDL, Verilog, CAD Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Minsk State Higher Radioengineering College Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 6 endorsements for FPGA 6 FPGA Mikalai Seva and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills VHDL See 5 endorsements for VHDL 5 VHDL Nick Petrovsky and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Altera See 4 endorsements for Altera 4 Altera Mikalai Seva and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ruslan has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Russian Interests job BELARUS 6,954 members Pulse 1,535,202 followers life:) Belarus (CJSC Belarussian Telecommunication Network) 1,635 followers EPAM Systems 108,077 followers Signal Processing Design 5,296 members FPGA Users & High Performance Computing Enthusiasts 4,014 members See all See all following
More Actions Fei has a account Fei Zhou Hardware Senior Engineer at Alcatel-lucent shanghai bell alcatel lucent shanghai bell Jiangsu University of Science and Technology Shanghai City, China 14 14 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience HW senior engineer Company Name alcatel lucent shanghai bell Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Shanghai Cabinet controller board hardware design and project managementWireless basestation configuration BOM and modular structure document editWireless basestation integrated test including test bench build-up, executing EMC, Lightning, mechanical test, and thermal test (CE mark related) HW engnieer Company Name Honeywell Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Boards used in aero cabinet design, include schemetics, PCB, and prototype design.Provide technical support for board manufacture Education Jiangsu University of Science and Technology Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Electronic and Communications Engineering Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Shanghai Jiao Tong University Degree Name Engineer's Degree Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 Activities and Societies: Electronic and communication Featured Skills & Endorsements PCB layout design PCB layout design No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Electrical Engineering Electrical Engineering No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Qualification Testing Qualification Testing No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Alcatel-Lucent Shanghai Bell 13,278 followers 上海交通大学 107,663 followers KLM Royal Dutch Airlines 409,416 followers Shanghai Jiao Tong University 114,455 followers Pulse 1,535,202 followers Jiangsu University of Science and Technology 8,296 followers See all See all following
More Actions Swaroop has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Swaroop C H Tech Lead (Backend) Automatic Labs (YC S11) - acquired by Sirius XM PES Institute of Technology San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent * Engineering team lead with 12+ years of experience in leading projects from inception to market. * Currently learning deep learning from Udacity ( https://www.udacity.com/course/deep-learning-nanodegree-foundation--nd101 )* Wide range of experience from co-founding a technology startup, to consulting and working at large and mid-sized companies. * Author of "A Byte of Python" book for beginners (http://python.swaroopch.com) - 10+ millions of downloads, translated to 10+ languages by volunteers. 350+ stars and 260+ forks on https://github.com/swaroopch/byte-of-python* I am a continuous learner and enjoy sharing my learnings. I have found success with mentoring junior engineers. Areas of expertise and interest: * Architecting scalable and maintainable systems.* API design* Distributed system and microservices* Functional programming* Staying abreast of engineering best practicesEngineering skills:* Languages: Python, Clojure, Javascript, Java, C++* Machine Learning: TensorFlow* Web Frameworks: Django, Flask, Ruby on Rails, Play.* Databases: Postgresql, Redis, DynamoDB* Big Data: Databricks (Apache Spark)* Search: Elasticsearch* Cloud: AWS See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Swaroop’s Activity 690 followers NVIDIA Reveals Holodeck, Its Groundbreaking Project for Photorealistic, Collaborative VR Swaroop liked ET Commentary : There has been no Aadhaar ‘data leak’: Swaroop commented SiriusXM acquires connected car company Automatic for over $100M Swaroop shared this See all activity Experience Tech Lead (Web Backend) Company Name Automatic Labs (YC S11) - acquired by Sirius XM Dates Employed Feb 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area * Connected Car platform - plug a device into your car and the data inside the car is now exposed as an API, events (webhooks) and integrations (IFTTT, Alexa) - www.automatic.com and https://developer.automatic.com* First Backend Engineer. Joined as 6th employee, grew to 70+ employees.* Wrote server-side complement to new hardware with 3G modem (www.automatic.com/pro/) using TCP and protocol buffers. Started with one hardware engineer and one backend engineer (me). One year later, team grew to a dedicated product manager, 2 hardware engineers, 2 backend engineers. Became foundation of all new products.* Wrote IFTTT integration server for Automatic Pro from design to implementation to launch in just 2 weeks. Was one of the most-talked-about features in the media articles.* Currently working on Auto Insurance-related projects.* Automatic Labs was acquired by Sirius XM! ( https://www.swaroopch.com/2017/04/27/automatic-acquired/ ) Media (3) This position has 3 media 911 Lifeline for Your Car | Wall Street Journal 911 Lifeline for Your Car | Wall Street Journal This media is a link IFTTT Automatic Pro Channel IFTTT Automatic Pro Channel This media is a link Automatic adds another auto insurance provider to its list of partners Automatic adds another auto insurance provider to its list of partners This media is a link Tech Lead (Web) Company Name Helpshift Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Pune Area, India * Mobile CRM (like Zendesk, but as a chat UI) - www.helpshift.com* Led cross-functional team of 12 engineers to implement comprehensive audit trail feature (http://bit.ly/helpaudit) across entire product, requested by enterprise customers* Responsibility of Elasticsearch clusters and performance; which were the backbone of the company.* Prototyped efficient data synchronization using Merkle trees between mobile app and server.* Used Clojure. Media (1) This position has 1 media Helpshift: CRM for Thumb-driven world Helpshift: CRM for Thumb-driven world This media is a link Backend Engineer Company Name Automatic Labs (YC S11) Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location India * First Backend Engineer. Joined as 6th employee.* Wrote ecommerce system that handled orders worth $2+ million at launch. Built on top of Amazon, Paypal, Stripe, Shipwire APIs. Handled end-to-end from checkout to shipping to inventory management to returns and exchanges.* Handling everything server-side: infrastructure, databases, APIs, JavaScript, internal dashboards, ecommerce, user-facing applications, etc.* Used Python, Django, Java, Clojure, MongoDB, JavaScript, jQuery, YUI, Redis, Codahale Metrics, Librato Metrics, Heroku, IronMQ, PaperTrail logging, New Relic monitoring, various APIs such as Twilio, Amazon, Paypal, Stripe, Shipwire, etc. Media (2) This position has 2 media Automatic launched (Mar 2013) Automatic launched (Mar 2013) This media is a link Automatic - Your Smart Driving Assistant Automatic - Your Smart Driving Assistant This media is a video Consultant Company Name NextDrop Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India * NextDrop is a social enterprise that works with the city water board - workers call an IVR system to indicate which water line is being opened, people in the area pay to be notified and the water board pays for access to a real-time dashboard. - www.nextdrop.org* Joined project in pilot/prototype phase, took over tech single-handedly to production and they now have paying customers.* Built using Django, PostgreSQL, Nginx, Kookoo (voice), Netcore (sms).* Rewrote the entire system from scratch to make use of latest technologies and best practices, including using a formal state machine, using Celery and Redis for background jobs processing, using gunicorn and gevent as the server for performance reasons, using grappelli as the dashboard, etc.* The highlight of the rewrite was a comprehensive test suite which tested background jobs and multiple scenarios. It helped catch many bugs in the simultaneous process of development. Media (1) This position has 1 media NextDrop | Help Solve Global Water Problems & Save Money in the Process NextDrop | Help Solve Global Water Problems & Save Money in the Process This media is a link Consultant Company Name Joshua Schachter Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos * Joshua was the founder of del.icio.us bookmarking service, sold to Yahoo!* Joshua had several small ideas that he envisioned, I implemented them - both frontend and backend* Taken from idea description to implementation : ClueDB.com, a social website to share and learn tips and tricks that people use in everyday life - think "lifehacker.com by the people" - soft-launched via HN - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2224883. Built using Flask, Python, MongoDB, jQuery, jQueryUI, HTML5 Boilerplate, Twitter/OAuth integration, Fabric.* Taken from idea description to implementation : StackParts.com - a directory of resources for parts of the stack for your web application. Uses tags in creative ways to cross-reference. Built using Tornado, Python, Fabric.* "The other exercise was to see how well i could do on a project if i wasn't actually coding it myself. i hired someone. thankfully he is excellent - i am thrilled" -- Joshua wrote in Hacker News (http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1980079) See more positions Education PES Institute of Technology Degree Name B.E. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 73.5% (Distinction). Sri Bhagawan Mahaveer Jain College Degree Name PUC Field Of Study PCMCs Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 85.2% (Distinction)Ranked 463 in CET (434 as per first unrevised list) Bishop Cotton Boys' School Degree Name ICSE Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 86.8% (Grade A) See more education Volunteer Experience Teaching students alphabets and words Company Name Parikrma Dates volunteered Jan 2005 – Dec 2006 Volunteer duration 2 yrs Cause Children At South End Circle, Jayanagar, Bangalore center of http://parikrmahumanityfoundation.org Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 20 endorsements for Python 20 Python Endorsed by Baishampayan Ghose and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Swaroop’s colleagues at Helpshift Click and drag to reorder skills Perl See 19 endorsements for Perl 19 Perl Endorsed by Gururaj Seetharama and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Swaroop’s colleagues at Automatic Labs Click and drag to reorder skills Linux See 15 endorsements for Linux 15 Linux Endorsed by Baishampayan Ghose and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Swaroop’s colleagues at Helpshift Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (4) vijayakumar subramanian SDE at Infibeam.com August 6, 2011, vijayakumar managed Swaroop directly I have had the pleasure of knowing him for the past 2 years working at infibeam.com. Swaroop chitlur is an experienced and efficient perfectionist with a very strong dedication to work. A customer-service oriented programmer, a smart perfectionist, understands complex matters even when outside of his direct area of expertise. He did an exceptional job on the recent project. A very productive person and rarely missed deadlines. It was good to work with such a person. Varun Prabhakar Manager at Deloitte Digital November 15, 2009, Swaroop worked with Varun in the same group In my experience of working with Swaroop, I have found him to be extremely intelligent, a complete team man, passionate about his work and the company's vision, a great business person, articulate in all forms of communication and very well organized in his professional and personal projects.We would not have been able to form and sustain IonLab without Swaroop. His dedication, commitment and passion resonated a lot with me at IonLab and I have had an extremely rewarding experience working with Swaroop...Intelligence - He is the person responsible for designing, developing and deploying all the web software that we at IonLab have used. His work has taken into account factors like architectural simplicity, easy scalability and efficiency. To be able to handle a plethora of web activities flawlessly and meeting the timelines required a high degree of intelligence which Swaroop has demonstrated to have plenty of...Team Person - Swaroop's selfless commitment to the team including proactively sharing team members' work if they are overworked, going out of his way to train newcomers on the team, and being open to debate (sometimes negative feedback) during meetings and in day to day operations make him a great team man. I have personally learned a lot from Swaroop and have become a better team person on account of my experiences with him...Passion - Swaroop is very passionate towards what he does as is evident from his public profile, including his blog, www.swaroopch.com and his twitter profile @swaroopch. His passion towards achieving set professional goals and towards technology is exemplary. We have had umpteen number of long brain-storming sessions and I have never seen Swaroop shy of sharing his point of view, backed by rationale, always thinking for the betterment of the product and the company...Business Person - I have seen Swaroop transform from being a tech specialist to a tech specialist with great business acumen. We, at IonLab, have greatly benefited from Swaroop's business ideas and his connections in the entrepreneurial ecosystem in Bangalore have helped us form great business partnerships...Articulate - I just have to point to www.swaroopch.com to support this point!...Organization - Swaroop is a *serious* follower of GTD principles. I have never seen him miss a meeting, a follow-up task or a calendar item at both professional and personal levels. This kind of organization requires a lot of discipline and patience, which Swaroop has plenty of. The lessons in organization that I have learned see him operate have made me a better professional...I strongly believe Swaroop will positively impact any organization he joins. His strengths can help contribute in defining the culture of a new organization and help him in blending in with a culture that appreciates excellence.Swaroop, I wish you all the very best in your future endeavors and hopefully we can work together again some day. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Siddharth Vanchinathan We're hiring Industrial Designers/Interface Designers and Creative Technologists - If you like making stuff, reach out! January 12, 2011, Swaroop was a client of Siddharth’s In my previous startup, we hired Sid's services to design our web application. Sid's imaginative approach to some of the complex interacrions we were posing was highly valued. He would also take time to explains his design decisions which clearly demonstrated his expertise on the subject and eventually led us to defer to his judgment whenever we could not take a decision on UI approach. Thank you Sid for your invaluable contribution to the project! Aashish Solanki Principal Designer & Founder @ NetBramha Studios February 19, 2010, Swaroop was a client of Aashish’s After previous bad experiences of working with web design companies, I was worried about getting a reasonable and reliable person to work with for our startup webapps' design. I'm so glad that I remembered and contacted Aashish a.k.a. Netbramha. The moment he said he uses ActiveCollab to track projects and set clear expectations, I knew that we had hit the jackpot. Aashish and his colleagues patiently listened to our concepts and ideas, and were able to meld it all together into one cohesive application, and all in a reasonable time frame. Since then, I've wholeheartedly recommendeded Netbramha to at least 3-4 other interested companies. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Swaroop has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications A Byte of Vim SwaroopCH.com, The Dreamer A Byte of Python Interests Automatic Labs 2,541 followers Udacity 54,471 followers Sri Bhagawan Mahaveer Jain College 17,299 followers Helpshift 2,721 followers Sri Bhagawan Mahaveer Jain College 17,078 followers Udacity Deep Learning Nanodegree Foundation Program 732 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Bendersky Staff Software Engineer at Google Google University of Massachusetts Amherst San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent At Google, I am currently managing a machine learning research group focusing on personal & enterprise content search & discovery.I am broadly interested in practical applications of information retrieval, natural language processing and statistical machine learning. Specifically, I worked on research problems in a variety of domains, including web, email & enterprise search, recommendation systems, focused crawling, passage-based retrieval, query log mining, information extraction, plagiarism detection and computational advertising. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Software Engineer (Tech Lead & Manager) Company Name Google Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos I am currently managing a machine learning research group focusing on personal & enterprise content search & discovery. Research Assistant Company Name University of Massachusetts Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Research Intern Company Name Yahoo! Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 3 mos Research Intern Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jun 2008 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 3 mos Senior Engineer Company Name Mobilitec Dates Employed 2004 – 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education University of Massachusetts Amherst Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Technion - Israel Institute of Technology Degree Name BSc, MSc Field Of Study Information Systems Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Information Retrieval See 49 endorsements for Information Retrieval 49 Information Retrieval Endorsed by Evgeniy Gabrilovich and 22 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Michael’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning See 36 endorsements for Machine Learning 36 Machine Learning Endorsed by Evgeniy Gabrilovich and 11 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Michael’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Natural Language Processing See 25 endorsements for Natural Language Processing 25 Natural Language Processing Endorsed by Don Metzler and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Michael’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Assaf Fraindlich Project Manager at QlikView-Israel December 1, 2010, Assaf worked with Michael in the same group Assaf and I studied together for four years at the Technion. During this time I got to know Assaf very well. I always admired his sharp observation skills, clear and precise reasoning, near-perfect memory, great written and verbal communication skills, and above all the ability to rise above the details and see the "big picture". I know that these qualities were a great asset to me and everyone else who collaborated with him during this time. I also had a chance to work with Assaf at the Undergraduate Advising Center at the Technion, where he demonstrated great interpersonal skills, and gave valuable and knowledgeable advice to many candidates. I am honored to call Assaf my friend, and I have no doubt that he'd be exceptional at any task he puts his mind to. Accomplishments Michael has 6 honors 6 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Outstanding Dissertation Award Best Paper Runner-up: Search Category Honorable Mention Award Outstanding Synthesis Award (sponsored by Yahoo!) Ph.D. Qualifier with Distinction Award for Accomplishments in Search and Mining (sponsored by Yahoo!) Michael has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hebrew Russian Interests Loadingames 13 followers Big Data and Analytics 330,673 members University of Massachusetts Amherst 180,571 followers Alumni of the Technion - Living in North America 1,629 members Natural Language Processing People 29,160 members Pulse 1,535,202 followers See all See all following
More Actions chihsiang has a account chihsiang kao Hardware Engineer at CyberPower Systems, Inc. CyberPower Systems, Inc. Shakopee, Minnesota 7 7 connections Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name CyberPower Systems, Inc. Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,202 followers Cyber Power Systems (USA), Inc. 1,740 followers
More Actions Gustavo has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Gustavo Ambrozio Software Engineer at Pocket Gems Pocket Gems Universidade de São Paulo San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Working with software development since I was 15. I was always passionate about coding and computers.Since then I have always loved learning new technologies and using them to see my creations come to life and, more than that, I just love to see my creations being used "in the wild".For the past few years I was a IC and Lead Software Engineer for Pocket Gems helping create amazing experiences on mobile games, always trying to push the envelope and do things that have never been done before on the platform.In 2009 I started developing for iOS part time. My first project (Brasileirao 2009 Live) reached 2nd on the most bought application on the Brazilian app store within 4 days of launch. Since then I've developed some outside apps and some apps of my own. This forced me to think a lot about design and usability and it also forced me to sharpen up my Photoshop skills.Now I work mostly with iOS but I've always been a polyglot programmer so I still also code with Python and bash among others. Been also doing a lot of work with Google App Engine trying to improve server response times to improve game start time.Specialties: iOS development, ObjectiveC, Python, Django, databases, Web development, Software Engineering in general. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Lead Software Engineer Company Name Pocket Gems Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Having a lot of fun coding games for iOS. Tutorial Writer Company Name Razeware LLC Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area I'm a proud member of raywenderlich.com's tutorial writing team. Ray's site is the largest iOS tutorials site on the internet and it's been a great experience writing for such a large audience. I also love being able to contribute to a site that taught me so much when I was starting developing for iOS. Owner Company Name CodeCrop Software Dates Employed Aug 2009 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo I develop iOS applications for myself and for other companies. Right now I have some outside projects and also develop Snap: http://snap.codecrop.com/ and Kush: http://www.iwantkush.com/For Snap I did everything, from coding to design, from generating the graphical assets to making the screenshots for the app store. Senior Software Engineer Company Name Arrived Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 8 mos Location São Paulo - Brazil Responsible for our iOS client and API integration.I was also responsible for building and managing our infrastructure using Amazon Web Services, including EC2, S3, ELB, Autoscaling, RDS and SimpleDB. Senior Software Engineer Company Name Dimension Data Brasil Dates Employed Aug 2003 – Jul 2011 Employment Duration 8 yrs Lead software engineer for the development department.When I first started at Dimension Data (then still Datacraft), there was no software development department. I started it alone and help the team grew to out current team of 8 people, including a DBA.As the main software engineer for the team I not only handle all the architecture for every project but I also "get my hands dirty" coding, managing and putting systems together, doing performance testing and optimizations, managing and optimizing our databases and a lot more.We currently work on a lot of internal projects, mostly web based, using a lot of technologies and languages, but mainly Java and RoR. See more positions Education Universidade de São Paulo Degree Name Bacheler's Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Activities and Societies: Won the Robocon contest, held for the first time in Brazil in 1993 and went to Japan for the international contest: http://www.official-robocon.com/jp/idc/history/history_93.html University of California San Diego Field Of Study English Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1995 Colégio Santo Américo Degree Name 2o grau Field Of Study General Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Featured Skills & Endorsements Objective-C See 58 endorsements for Objective-C 58 Objective-C Endorsed by Fayyazuddin Syed and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Gustavo’s colleagues at Pocket Gems Click and drag to reorder skills Software Development See 54 endorsements for Software Development 54 Software Development Endorsed by Ashik Manandhar, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Gustavo’s colleagues at Pocket Gems Click and drag to reorder skills JavaScript See 40 endorsements for JavaScript 40 JavaScript Endorsed by 13 of Gustavo’s colleagues at Dimension Data Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (10) Jeff Lyndon President & Co-founder at iDreamsky Technology | Advisor at Hong Kong Esports July 7, 2010, Jeff worked with Gustavo but at different companies If anyone is looking to find someone who is knowledgable in Brazil to program something. I will not look further. Gust is just that good! his capability, dedication and commitment to his work is just simply shocking! Jerry Biehl Founder, VP Operations at Real Food Works February 7, 2012, Jerry was senior to Gustavo but didn’t manage directly Gustavo is one of the most talented mobile developers out there. We hired him for his eye for product and commanding knowledge of iOS development. It would be short sighted not to realize his incredible personality and extensive background in programing are what really make him an asset. Furthermore, it's an honor to be able to write him this recommendation. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Jorge Ferreira IT Business Manager na Telefônica Brasil January 22, 2013, Gustavo worked with Jorge in different groups Jorge is a very thorough individual, always attentive to detail. He's also a quick learner and aways willing to learn more about his job and also about the organization as a whole. Vinnie Moraes, MSc Project Management | Business Analysis | Customer Success | Pre-Sales | Automation | I.T. | Internet March 19, 2012, Gustavo worked with Vinnie in different groups Vinicius has always been a valuable asset to Dimension Data, firsts as a Post-sales professional, then, back to the company, as a Pre-sales one.His perfect mixture of technical, business and commercial skills won lots of contracts to the company. Besides that, the excellent care he payed to the existing contracts assured our clients always would come back for more. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Gustavo has 8 publications 8 Expand publications section Publications Python’s documentation at your fingertips How to Submit Your App to Apple: From No Account to App Store, Part 1 Replicating TweetBot’s Alerts and Action Sheets How To Make a Catapult Shooting Game with Cocos2D and Box2D Part 2 How To Make A Catapult Shooting Game Part 1 The PhotoAppLink library story Snap's Video app demo Best business card in the world? Gustavo has 5 projects 5 Expand projects section Projects Arrived iPhone app PhotoAppLink Snap iPhone Camera Webfeel LiveNotes Gustavo has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Portuguese Spanish Interests University of California San Diego 208,155 followers Pocket Gems 8,329 followers Universidade de São Paulo 295,600 followers Universidade de São Paulo 267,349 followers iOS Developers Group 110,433 members Pulse 1,535,202 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Guilbault Retired Principal Hardware Engineer Oracle Lowell Technological Institute Greater Boston Area 149 149 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Processor IO & Memory Interface ASIC's. Senior Member of Technical Staff Company Name Vitesse Semiconductor Corp Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Designed and implemented, in OVM based System Verilog, the block/chip level testbenchs for the Extended WIS (SONET) portion of Vitesse's VSC8492 10 Gbps Dual Channel Universal111 PHY OTN Mapper (with FEC). Consulting Engineer Company Name Alien Technology Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Jun 2006 Employment Duration 9 mos Architect and developer of Test IO control in a System Verilog testbench used to verify “RFID Tag” ASIC. Responsible for architecture of test scripting language, its parser and its design, as well as design and architecture of output control parser, error management control, reports and statistics and all aspects of test input and output through a common object oriented class library. Consulting ASIC Verification Engineer Company Name Oxford International Dates Employed Jan 2005 – May 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Consulting Hardware Verification Engineer Company Name InfiniSwitch Dates Employed Sep 2001 – Oct 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Architect and developer of Link chip verification, implemented in Vera as a random transaction generator, that simultaneously drove and monitored the chip’s three interface ports. The tester’s constrained random methodology provides initial, simple tests which evolve into complex, sophisticated random-transaction test environment. See more positions Education Lowell Technological Institute Merrimack College Featured Skills & Endorsements Hardware Architecture See 11 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 11 Hardware Architecture Damian Dobric and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills ASIC See 9 endorsements for ASIC 9 ASIC Damian Dobric and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SystemVerilog See 8 endorsements for SystemVerilog 8 SystemVerilog Damian Dobric and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Oracle 2,119,726 followers VERIFICATION IP - VIP 3,481 members ASIC and FPGA Design and Verification Contract Openings 9,399 members Semiconductor Professional's Group 113,945 members Pulse 1,535,204 followers Semiconductor Jobs North America 9,668 members See all See all following
More Actions Dekel has a account Dekel Sela Computer Hardware Professional Vyyo Israel 22 22 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience ATE Manager Company Name Vyyo Dates Employed 2009 – 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs ATE Manager Company Name Arcadian Networks Dates Employed 2008 – 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,204 followers
More Actions David has a account David Kaplin Hardware Engineer at Vapor IO Vapor IO Penn State University Greater Pittsburgh Area 68 68 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Vapor IO Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name Nebula, Inc. Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Northern WV Responsible for developing hardware and firmware for custom cloud computing hardware. Senior Firmware Engineer Company Name EWA GSI Inc Dates Employed Oct 1998 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 13 yrs 3 mos Location Fairmont, WV Owner Company Name Radial Technology Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Developed firmware and assisted in the hardware design for a low cost thermal data logging devices used in the auto racing industry. Awarded a contract from WVU/DoE in developing a RF generator system to be retrofitted inside two chambers used in fossil fuel experiments.Also responsible for other non technical activities such as tax documents, project management and financial/accounting issues. EMP Engineer Company Name GE Power Dates Employed Feb 1998 – Sep 1998 Employment Duration 8 mos Location US Steel Plant - Pittsburgh, PA Education Penn State University Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1997 Did not attend the whole 7 years at school. Featured Skills & Endorsements Hardware See 6 endorsements for Hardware 6 Hardware Andrew Cencini and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 4 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 4 Hardware Architecture Mark Bozenhard and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Firmware See 2 endorsements for Firmware 2 Firmware Steven White and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David has 3 patents 3 Expand patents section Patents METHODS OF ENCAPSULATING AN ANTENNA SYSTEMS AND METHODS OF EMBEDDING A RADIO TRANSCEIVER INTO AN ENERGY STORAGE DEVICE USED IN ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT Devices, systems and methods for distributed monitoring and control of networked server computers Interests Vapor IO 316 followers Pulse 1,535,204 followers Penn State University 457,816 followers Open Compute Project 3,054 members Nebula, Inc. 1,635 followers Penn State University 444,919 followers
More Actions Clemens has a account Clemens Buehling Technical Program Manager at Uber Uber Technische Universität Berlin San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Technical Program Manager - Programs Company Name Uber Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area TPM lead and managing team of TPMs focused on Programs at Uber. The Uber program world describes product and engineering teams at the top of the stack working across areas like Rider, Driver, Marketplace, Eats, Freight, and Maps.If you are interested, we have several open positions across the various organizations, see: https://www.uber.com/careers/list/16271/ Technical Program Manager - Developer Products Company Name Google Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Francisco, California Firebase: Lead TPM and managing team of TPMs and PgMs responsible for Google Firebase launch at Google IO 2016. Firebase is Google's unified platform for mobile developers. Responsible for all program, schedule, and deliverable aspects of the product across 200+ developers, multiple organizations. Technical Program Manager - Gmail/Inbox Company Name Google Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Mountain View, CA Gmail/Inbox: Lead TPM with management responsibility for next generation Gmail product Inbox by Gmail. Drove requirements and development of Android, iOS, desktop clients and frontend/sync servers across a 100+ engineering team. Successfully launched invite-only product Oct’14 and general availability May’15. Technical Program Manager - Gmail Company Name Google Dates Employed May 2010 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Lead TPM for Gmail backend with management responsibility. Focus on distributed systems and backend infrastructure, drove development of Gmail backend re-write on Google common storage stack, and deployment of new storage stack in complex data migration of live serving system. Technical Program Manager - Server and Storage Development Company Name Google Dates Employed 2008 – 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs TPM for Technical Infrastructure Platforms group focused on data center automation and storage systems. Drove deployment of custom solid state drive architecture platform to Google internal common storage stack, and program for solid state drives data center automation framework. See more positions Education Technische Universität Berlin Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Industrial Engineering (EE/CS) and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Information and Communication Systems, Multimedia Systems, Technology and Innovation Management, Project Management ETH Zurich Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Management, Technology, and Economics (MTEC) Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Management of Innovation and Technology, Logistics, Project Management Featured Skills & Endorsements Distributed Systems See 9 endorsements for Distributed Systems 9 Distributed Systems Endorsed by 3 of Clemens’ colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 8 endorsements for Project Management 8 Project Management Shravya Garlapati and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Scalability See 6 endorsements for Scalability 6 Scalability Endorsed by 2 of Clemens’ colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Clemens has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French German Spanish Interests Technische Universität Berlin 51,088 followers Uber 601,277 followers Google 4,871,473 followers ETH Zurich 76,563 followers ETH Zürich 60,937 followers Google Professional Network 16,984 members See all See all following
More Actions Clemens has a account Clemens Buehling Technical Program Manager at Uber Uber Technische Universität Berlin San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Technical Program Manager - Programs Company Name Uber Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area TPM lead and managing team of TPMs focused on Programs at Uber. The Uber program world describes product and engineering teams at the top of the stack working across areas like Rider, Driver, Marketplace, Eats, Freight, and Maps.If you are interested, we have several open positions across the various organizations, see: https://www.uber.com/careers/list/16271/ Technical Program Manager - Developer Products Company Name Google Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Francisco, California Firebase: Lead TPM and managing team of TPMs and PgMs responsible for Google Firebase launch at Google IO 2016. Firebase is Google's unified platform for mobile developers. Responsible for all program, schedule, and deliverable aspects of the product across 200+ developers, multiple organizations. Technical Program Manager - Gmail/Inbox Company Name Google Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Mountain View, CA Gmail/Inbox: Lead TPM with management responsibility for next generation Gmail product Inbox by Gmail. Drove requirements and development of Android, iOS, desktop clients and frontend/sync servers across a 100+ engineering team. Successfully launched invite-only product Oct’14 and general availability May’15. Technical Program Manager - Gmail Company Name Google Dates Employed May 2010 – Oct 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Lead TPM for Gmail backend with management responsibility. Focus on distributed systems and backend infrastructure, drove development of Gmail backend re-write on Google common storage stack, and deployment of new storage stack in complex data migration of live serving system. Technical Program Manager - Server and Storage Development Company Name Google Dates Employed 2008 – 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs TPM for Technical Infrastructure Platforms group focused on data center automation and storage systems. Drove deployment of custom solid state drive architecture platform to Google internal common storage stack, and program for solid state drives data center automation framework. See more positions Education Technische Universität Berlin Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Industrial Engineering (EE/CS) and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Information and Communication Systems, Multimedia Systems, Technology and Innovation Management, Project Management ETH Zurich Degree Name MSc Field Of Study Management, Technology, and Economics (MTEC) Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Management of Innovation and Technology, Logistics, Project Management Featured Skills & Endorsements Distributed Systems See 9 endorsements for Distributed Systems 9 Distributed Systems Endorsed by 3 of Clemens’ colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 8 endorsements for Project Management 8 Project Management Shravya Garlapati and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Scalability See 6 endorsements for Scalability 6 Scalability Endorsed by 2 of Clemens’ colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Clemens has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French German Spanish Interests ETH Zürich 60,937 followers Technische Universität Berlin 54,284 followers Google 4,871,474 followers ETH Zurich 76,563 followers Google Professional Network 16,984 members Technische Universität Berlin 51,088 followers See all See all following
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Guilbault Retired Principal Hardware Engineer Oracle Lowell Technological Institute Greater Boston Area 149 149 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Dec 2010 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Processor IO & Memory Interface ASIC's. Senior Member of Technical Staff Company Name Vitesse Semiconductor Corp Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Designed and implemented, in OVM based System Verilog, the block/chip level testbenchs for the Extended WIS (SONET) portion of Vitesse's VSC8492 10 Gbps Dual Channel Universal111 PHY OTN Mapper (with FEC). Consulting Engineer Company Name Alien Technology Dates Employed Oct 2005 – Jun 2006 Employment Duration 9 mos Architect and developer of Test IO control in a System Verilog testbench used to verify “RFID Tag” ASIC. Responsible for architecture of test scripting language, its parser and its design, as well as design and architecture of output control parser, error management control, reports and statistics and all aspects of test input and output through a common object oriented class library. Consulting ASIC Verification Engineer Company Name Oxford International Dates Employed Jan 2005 – May 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Consulting Hardware Verification Engineer Company Name InfiniSwitch Dates Employed Sep 2001 – Oct 2002 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Architect and developer of Link chip verification, implemented in Vera as a random transaction generator, that simultaneously drove and monitored the chip’s three interface ports. The tester’s constrained random methodology provides initial, simple tests which evolve into complex, sophisticated random-transaction test environment. See more positions Education Lowell Technological Institute Merrimack College Featured Skills & Endorsements Hardware Architecture See 11 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 11 Hardware Architecture Damian Dobric and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills ASIC See 9 endorsements for ASIC 9 ASIC Damian Dobric and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SystemVerilog See 8 endorsements for SystemVerilog 8 SystemVerilog Damian Dobric and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Semiconductor Jobs North America 9,668 members Pulse 1,535,206 followers Grinding Controls Technolgies 19 followers Semiconductor Professional's Group 113,945 members ASIC and FPGA Design and Verification Contract Openings 9,399 members Merrimack College 21,662 followers See all See all following
More Actions Roya has a account Roya Mirhosseini Camera Hardware Engineer - Apple Apple Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute San Francisco Bay Area 445 445 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Camera Hardware Engineer Company Name Apple Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Senior R&D Engineer Company Name Xicato Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Consultant Company Name LuxVue Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area NAND Process Integration Engineer Company Name Micron Technology Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Boise, Idaho Area LED Characterization Engineer Company Name Micron Technology Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Boise, Idaho Area See more positions Education Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Thesis: Optimization of light-emitting diodes with genetic algorithm Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Thesis: Fabrication and Characterization of Surface Textured GaInN Vertically Structured Light-Emitting Diodes with Omni-Directional Reflectors as Light-Extraction-Enhancement Technique Worcester Polytechnic Institute Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Activities and Societies: Treasurer: Student Government Association, Resident Adviser Featured Skills & Endorsements Characterization See 25 endorsements for Characterization 25 Characterization Endorsed by Iti Srivastava, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Roya’s colleagues at Micron Technology Click and drag to reorder skills Optics See 13 endorsements for Optics 13 Optics Endorsed by Dave Jenkins, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Roya’s colleagues at Micron Technology Click and drag to reorder skills Product Engineering See 13 endorsements for Product Engineering 13 Product Engineering Endorsed by 5 of Roya’s colleagues at Micron Technology Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 73,081 followers Worcester Polytechnic Institute 42,024 followers Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 70,182 followers Micron Technology 80,557 followers Microsoft 3,687,304 followers Pulse 1,535,206 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ayman has a account Ayman Mostafa Postdoctoral Fellow at The University of British Columbia The University of British Columbia The University of British Columbia Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada 278 278 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Postdoctoral Research Fellow Company Name The University of British Columbia Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Vancouver, Canada Area Graduate Research Assistant (Communication Theory Group) Company Name ECE Department, The University of British Columbia Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada • Communication and Information Theory• Information-Theoretic Security• Signal Processing for Communications• Convex and Robust Optimization• Optical Wireless Communications Graduate Teaching Assistant Company Name ECE Department, The University of British Columbia Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos Location Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada • CPEN 211 – Introduction to Microcomputers - Verilog (Sept. 2015)• EECE 259 – Introduction to Microcomputers - VHDL (Sept. 2013, Sept. 2014)• EECE 269 / ELEC 221 – Signals and Systems (Jan. 2015, Sept. 2016, Jan. 2017)• EECE 380 – Electrical Engineering Design Studio (Jan. 2013)• EECE 483 – Antennas and Propagation (Sept. 2012) Graduate Research Assistant (Radio Science Lab) Company Name ECE Department, The University of British Columbia Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada • Distributed MIMO Systems Graduate Research Assistant (Free-Space Optical Communication Algorithms Lab) Company Name ECE Department, McMaster University Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Hamilton, Ontario, Canada • Optical Wireless Communications• Free-Space Optical (FSO) Channel Measurement and Modelling• OFDM over FSO Media (1) This position has 1 media fSONA Transceiver Installation (McMaster Innovation Park, Hamilton, ON, 19 Aug 2010) fSONA Transceiver Installation (McMaster Innovation Park, Hamilton, ON, 19 Aug 2010) This media is an image See more positions Education The University of British Columbia Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering (Communication and Information Theory) Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2017 Dissertation titled “Physical-layer security for visible-light communication systems”. McMaster University Degree Name M.A.Sc. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering (Optical Wireless Communications) Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Thesis titled “Measurement and modelling of a free-space optical link and in-field OFDM experiment”. Received The "Outstanding Thesis" Award. Alexandria University Degree Name B.Sc. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering (Electronics and Communications) Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 24 endorsements for Matlab 24 Matlab Mohammed Talat Khouj, PhD, P. Eng. and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Signal Processing See 14 endorsements for Signal Processing 14 Signal Processing Ahmed Darwish and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills LaTeX See 13 endorsements for LaTeX 13 LaTeX Amr Ayad, P.Eng., LEED AP, CAPM® and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 34 more View 34 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ayman has 10 publications 10 Expand publications section Publications Physical-layer security for visible-light communication systems Optimal and robust beamforming for secure transmission in MISO visible-light communication links Physical-layer security for MISO visible light communication channels Enhancing the security of VLC links: Physical-layer approaches Pattern synthesis of massive LED arrays for secure visible light communication links Securing visible light communications via friendly jamming Physical-layer security for indoor visible light communications Channel measurement and Markov modeling of an urban free-space optical link In-field demonstration of OFDM-over-FSO Measurement and modelling of a free-space optical link and in-field OFDM experiment Ayman has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Antennas and Propagation Communication and Information Theory Digital Communications Mobile Communication Networks Modelling and Simulation of Photonic Devices and Circuits Nonlinear Optimization System-on-Chip Design and Test Wireless Communication Systems Ayman has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project AMR single phase and three phase meters Interests IEEE 122,456 followers Wi-Fi /Smallcells - Wi-Fi Offloading, Wi-Fi Calling, Mobile Wi-Fi, Microcells, Femtocells, Picocells 76 members Intel Corporation 879,888 followers IEEE Communications Society Members 17,292 members Apple 3,419,530 followers Samsung Electronics 864,949 followers See all See all following
More Actions Linda has a account Linda Hunter Owner at Strathgair Accountancy Practice Strathgair Accountancy Practice University of the West of Scotland Helensburgh, Argyll and Bute, United Kingdom 186 186 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highly motivated independant Finance and Change Management consultant. Had a career break for 3 years looking after my lovely daughter, Honor.Held various challenging Finance roles over my career so far and CIMA qualified with first time passes since 1994.Recently embarked on a new challenge - setting up my own local accountancy practice. Much to think about, and much to do.Specialties: Set up of new departments, business processes and systems post acquistion.Set up of Finance Shared Services.Project and change mangement. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Independent Change Management Consultant Company Name Strathgair Accountancy Practice Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Helensburgh Recently moved to Helensburgh and looking to go back into the contract market in the Glasgow/West of Scotland area. Highly experienced and motivated change management consultant. Owner Company Name Strathgair Accountancy Practice Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Helensburgh Set-up my own accountancy practice to provide accounting services, business support/advice and consulting in the local area. Here to help you get the most from your business. Director and Treasurer Company Name Local Voluntary Work Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos Location Gairloch Director and Treasurer for Gairloch and Loch Ewe Action Forum (GALE), GairlochGALE is a charitable, community social enterprise working towards improving the quality of life, environment and economy in the Gairloch and Loch Ewe area. As a director and board member I am involved in strategy, business development and local projects. Recent initiatives have included securing £800k funding for building of the new GALE Centre (incorporating a tourist office) and assisting in managing the project through build and completion; re-branding GALE in the local community and developing a new website and assessing local opportunities for initiatives such as new produce markets, up cycling and car sharing schemes. I have also been heavily involved in the recruitment process for new staff positions. As Treasurer I am responsible for overseeing the financial management of the organisation and presenting monthly management accounts and cash positions to the Board. I am also responsible for assisting in preparation and submission of annual statutory accounts to OSCR and ensuring OSCR requirements are met.Treasurer of the Den Youth Cafe for Gairloch High School, GairlochThe Den is a youth drop-in centre for local High School pupils which takes place every Friday evening during school terms between 7pm and 11pm and is run by a group of local volunteers. As Treasurer I undertake the weekly banking, payment of invoices, book-keeping, preparation and submission of funding applications and preparation and submission of annual accounts to OSCR. I also present at committee meetings and offer financial guidance and advice where required and assist in managing fund raising events. Business Advisor Company Name Development Partners for HIE Dates Employed Oct 2010 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Re-established my consultancy services to explore opportunities in the Highlands and Islands region. So far I have undertaken work for Highlands and Islands Enterprise through the Development Partners contract, including;•Providing advice and recommendations to assist an outdoor activities company in choosing an appropriate e-commerce solution. •Strategy work for a food co-operative to help them identify, assess and agree upon a 3 year strategic plan including new markets, marketing plans and development of action plans. •Assisting a small technology services provider with implementation of financial management and budgeting processes to improve cost transparency and support future business growth. Director Company Name FFB Consulting Ltd Dates Employed Oct 2004 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Set up my own Consulting company in October 2004 providing specialised Finance, Change and Project Management services. See more positions Education University of the West of Scotland Degree Name 1st Class BA Business Economics with Finance Field Of Study Economics, Finance, Accountancy Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1992 Featured Skills & Endorsements Change Management See 13 endorsements for Change Management 13 Change Management Joanna Livingstone and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Business Process Improvement See 8 endorsements for Business Process Improvement 8 Business Process Improvement Joanna Livingstone and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 7 endorsements for Strategy 7 Strategy Joanna Livingstone and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Making Tax Digital 522 members University of the West of Scotland 30,924 followers Pulse 1,535,208 followers University of the West of Scotland 33,465 followers Chartered Institute of Management Accountants - CIMA 63,436 members I need a part time finance director 4,691 members
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Stamper Optical/Opto-Mechanical Engineer Nikon Research Corporation of America University of Arizona Tucson, Arizona Area 246 246 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Brian has extensive experience as an integrated product team lead, is well versed in cost account management, earned value management, and schedule monitoring against program milestones. He has frequent interaction with customers, vendors, and subcontractors as optical lead.His specialties include optomechanical design and analysis including the material properties, structural suitability, and optical performance of the system components. Experience in material selection and system design are key areas of his expertise. He finds working across multiple disciplines to create successful optical systems challenging, but very rewarding. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Brian’s Activity 247 followers Take a little tour of the Hall at DWP Live... https://lnkd.in/gK6i4rc Brian liked See all activity Experience Associate Prinicipal Scientist Company Name Nikon Research Corporation of America Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Research and development support of new technologies and techniques across multiple business units. Support and leadership of projects emphasizing optical systems. Senior Optical Design Engineer Company Name Nikon Research Corporation of America Dates Employed 2010 – 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs Research, development, and implementation in support of optical and EUV lithography tools, and advanced metrology systems. Provide a broad range of system support including source development, manufacturing techniques, physical optics support, optical, and optomechanical analysis. Staff Optical Engineer Company Name Lockheed Martin MS2 Dates Employed 2006 – 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Optical lead for multiband sensors including visible, short wave IR, and mid wave IR. Tasks include, but not limited to:-Subcontract oversight and product review-Subcontract interface documents and specifications-Process development-Transition to production activities-Cost management-Support of program schedule.Engineering support provided including:-Visible and IR design-System internal boresight component-Thermal reference accuracy defined for non uniformity correction-Steering mirror manufacturing review to improve surface and coating quality-As-built component models-Performance and tolerance modeling-Optomechanical modeling and testing Optical Engineer Company Name Ball Aerospace Dates Employed 2004 – 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr Illumination design completed for flight hardware focal plane tests including MTF target patterns and associated hardware tolerancing allowing the system to provide self testing of performance during operation.Thermal gradient induced wavefront errors of a sensor window, analyzed via MatLAB allowing error free imaging when exposed to large temperature swings. Optical Engineer Company Name Logicon Technical Services Inc. Dates Employed 1997 – 1998 Employment Duration 1 yr Optomechanical test fixturing for psycho-visual experiments. Measurements of visual responses from tasks required of various operations. Education University of Arizona Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Optical Sciences Activities and Societies: GSRP (NASA Graduate Student Researchers Program) Investigated techniques for measuring bulk index inhomogeneity. Prototyped hardware for data collection, and programmed custom analysis methods. Outlined method for incorporating results into optical designs using the PSD to correlate index measurements to optical errors. University of Arizona Degree Name MS Field Of Study Optical Sciences Work included prototyping and metrology of ultra lightweight mirrors with the intent of building large telescope arrays. Flat segments, electrostatically curved segments, and various boundary constraints were investigated. University of Rochester Degree Name MS Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Research conducted on the fracture propagation characteristics of optical glasses. Fracture toughness resolved for first time in literature showing the local environmental impact on crack propagation. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Optics See 34 endorsements for Optics 34 Optics Endorsed by Mike J. and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Brian’s colleagues at Lockheed Martin Click and drag to reorder skills Metrology See 19 endorsements for Metrology 19 Metrology Endorsed by 2 of Brian’s colleagues at Lockheed Martin Click and drag to reorder skills Zemax See 14 endorsements for Zemax 14 Zemax Endorsed by Mike J., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brian’s colleagues at Lockheed Martin Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Eric F. Engineering Manager, R&D Electrical, at STERIS Corporation May 28, 2010, Eric reported directly to Brian Dr Stamper is a detail-oriented engineer. He applies creative design and test solutions that meet the customer's requirements and program schedule. Brian has been a pleasure working with as a Sensor Suite IPT Lead. Jason McKnight Mechanical / Opto-Mechanical Engineer May 18, 2010, Jason worked with Brian but at different companies I had the pleasure of working with Dr. Brian Stamper for about 2.5 years on a large and complex opto-mechanical system. He is an admirable individual and a great Engineer and it was an honor to have worked side by side with him. Dr. Stamper excels as an individual in his field, he is very analytical, detail oriented, focuses on the goals and objectives without losing sight of real world practicality. In addition Dr. Stamper is pleasure to work with in a team environment as well, and has an innate ability to lead and direct as required to achieve those goals and objectives. He is very highly thought of and will be an asset to any company, I look forward to our roads crossing again in the future. Best of luck!! View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brian has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Japanese Brian has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations OEOSC (Optics and Electro-Optics Standards Council) SPIE Optical Society of America Brian has 3 patents 3 Expand patents section Patents Optical Assembly for Laser Radar Risley Integrated Steering Module Risley Integrated Steering Module Brian has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award . Interests Optical Fabrication and Testing Technical Group 195 members Pulse 1,535,209 followers Opto-Mechanical System Design 4,815 members University of Rochester Alumni 16,525 members LHH Cleveland 1,248 members University of Rochester 73,581 followers See all See all following
More Actions Алексей has a account Алексей Иванов Senior Hardware Engineer at Traffic Logix Traffic Logix Cote Saint-Luc, Quebec, Canada 21 21 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Traffic Logix Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,209 followers
More Actions John has a account John Kudrle Director of Engineering for Applications at Telestream, Inc. Telestream, Inc. State University of New York College at Plattsburgh Sacramento, California Area 243 243 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Director of Engineering for Applications Company Name Telestream, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Principal Engineer Company Name Telestream, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location Nevada City, California Lead architect of a team of professionals creating enterprise level media platforms. Senior Software Engineer Company Name Telestream, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2000 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Location Nevada City, California Create and develop a variety of media technologies (Codecs, Formats, Muxers/Demuxers, 3rd party integration). Senior Software Engineer Company Name Raytheon Dates Employed Sep 1993 – Oct 2000 Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area System design and development for products geared towards the intelligence community. Education State University of New York College at Plattsburgh Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Streaming Media See 11 endorsements for Streaming Media 11 Streaming Media Endorsed by Rhett Mappin and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of John’s colleagues at Telestream Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Video See 11 endorsements for Digital Video 11 Digital Video Endorsed by Ed Jose, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of John’s colleagues at Telestream Click and drag to reorder skills Codecs See 10 endorsements for Codecs 10 Codecs Endorsed by 9 of John’s colleagues at Telestream Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,209 followers Fellows, Members or ex- members of S.M.P.T.E 1,615 members Streaming Media Professionals 27,464 members Media & Marketing Professionals Worldwide 620,478 members State University of New York College at Plattsburgh 31,061 followers SMPTE® - Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers® 10,230 members See all See all following
More Actions William has a account William Bishop Administrator, at Huntsville Hospital Systems Huntsville Hospital University of North Alabama Huntsville, Alabama Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent *Virtualization and storage Administrator, Enterprise systems, coordinator* VMware virtualization, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x * Server and blade installation, configuration, management* Standard server allocation and configuration, etc.* Storage Area Networks (cisco and brocade) * Storage arrays (EMC VNX, EMC VMAX, IBM Storwize, IBM DS, Hitachi USP, Hitachi AMS, Hitachi HUS, 3par (now HP), etc.* Windows* Linux * Licensing, primarily Microsoft * Design and implementation (soup to nuts)* Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, etc * Basic switching, routing, ACL's, etc * CCNA x2, MCP, VCP x3,x4,x5, CCA , VCE* MS-SQL 2005-2012 Administration (management only)* Solarwinds, Ignite, various management and diagnostics tools (i.e. Database Analyzer, etc) * AWS and Azure environments (Solution architect) * Microsoft and KVM virtualization to a lesser degree* Hyperconverged systems (Nutanix, ScaleIO, etc)I have 16 years with my current employer where I started as a PC tech and gradually increased responsibilities and skill sets to my current position as IT coordinator (team lead/manager) and associated roles, (Multi-disciplined: virtualization, systems integrator, and SAN administrator) at one of the nation's largest healthcare systems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} William’s Articles 7,310 followers Your small to mid-size datacenter is about to be meaningless. William Bishop on LinkedIn Publish dateFebruary 1, 2017 See 11 more articles Do you have a dream job? William Bishop on LinkedIn Publish dateSeptember 25, 2016 Experience Support technician, Level 3 Company Name Huntsville Hospital Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Formerly lead for a team of 7 systems admins. I have since 2006 been the storage administrator, VMware administrator, server hardware administrator, microsoft, and previously the novell administrator for the 4th largest not-for-profit healthcare group in the united states. Daily I manage and build "soup to nuts" in the environment. In other words, I "perform other duties as assigned", according to my job description. System and Storage Administrator Company Name Huntsville Hospital Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Huntsville, Alabama Area Focus on VMware ESX and SAN Storage(EMC, Hitachi, and IBM across Cisco MDS).OTHER DUTIES AS ASSIGNED.VCP4 and 5,CCNA, MCPx2, CCA, LBSW, etc, etc.... PC Support Technician level 3 Company Name Huntsville Hospital Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Jan 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location Huntsville, Alabama Area *Repair PC's, printers, fax machines, and assorted other hardware.*Create software installation packages*Created a PC imaging system saving the hospital 10's of thousands of dollars per year, leveraging simple ftp and linux distribution tools to push windows client OS's out to thousands of PC's Systems Administrator Company Name First Community Health Plan Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Aug 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Huntsville, Alabama Area System administrator for Solomon databases, Windows Servers, and backupsPC repair, Phone repair, Fax repair. Education University of North Alabama Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Social Work, minor Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1995 My written research work was chosen for the re-accreditation of my university department. Featured Skills & Endorsements Virtualization See 73 endorsements for Virtualization 73 Virtualization Endorsed by Gene Leyzarovich and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of William’s colleagues at Huntsville Hospital Click and drag to reorder skills VMware See 72 endorsements for VMware 72 VMware Endorsed by Gene Leyzarovich and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 20 of William’s colleagues at Huntsville Hospital Click and drag to reorder skills Data Center See 61 endorsements for Data Center 61 Data Center Endorsed by Ken Proulx and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of William’s colleagues at Huntsville Hospital Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (6) Joshua Brackeen Network Team Lead at Huntsville Hospital January 24, 2016, William was senior to Joshua but didn’t manage directly I have had the pleasure of working with William for the past 8 years. He is always up to new challenges, fixing current problems and implementing new projects. He is a great leader in our organization and would recommend him to take on any technical job requirement. Tony Wilburn Sr. System Architect at ActioNet, Inc. March 3, 2008, Tony was senior to William but didn’t manage directly I have found that William is always ready and willing to take on any task asked of him. William is very knowledgeable but constantly tries to increase his knowledge. He took over the job of SAN Administrator at Huntsville Hospital and has become an excellent resource in that area, so much so that I recommended that he join my team. Stephen Maxwell Network Specialist at Huntsville Hospital July 27, 2016, William managed Stephen directly Stephen is a bright and energetic engineer. He's willing to jump into a problem and stay involved until it's resolution. A hard worker, with a brilliant future! Joshua Brackeen Network Team Lead at Huntsville Hospital January 22, 2016, William was senior to Joshua but didn’t manage directly Josh is a very apt engineer, quick to respond and with a natural talent for managing multiple systems with no supervision. At the same time, he blends well with any team he works with, and is quickly defined as a go-to person. He is an excellent resource, with high reliability, and a great demeanor. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments William has 9 courses 9 Expand courses section Courses Isilon Management and Administration Microsoft Directions Novell Zenworks PICA Schneider University- Datacenter Certified Associate VCE systems VMware Install and Configure Vmware Advanced Troubleshooting Vmware Scale and Optimize William has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications VCP5-DCV MCP VCE-CIA CCNA CCA William has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Virtual desktop environment install and configure to 3000+ desktops Installation, Migration, and Consolidation of HH servers to a virtual environment. Installation of Dual Fabric CISCO MDS FC network (SAN) and Migrate from Brocade Interests Lenovo x86 Servers 7,932 followers 3PAR 4,375 followers Cumulus Networks 7,227 followers Technology Alabama 6,140 members VMware SRM (Site Recovery Manager) 240 members Data Center Engineering 28,369 members See all See all following
More Actions Dave has a account Dave Glenn Research Analyst at Gartner Gartner Claremore, Oklahoma 42 42 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Dave’s Articles & Activity 42 followers Hype Cycle for Wearable Devices Dave Glenn on LinkedIn See 1 more article Research Director opening at Gartner: Dave shared this See all activity Experience Research Analyst Company Name Gartner Dates Employed Jan 1991 – Present Employment Duration 26 yrs 5 mos Location United States David Glenn is a Research Analyst in Gartner's Technology and Service Provider Research group, where he is part of the Personal Technologies Growth team focusing on market statistics for the device market. He currently produces quarterly market share data for the Latin American PC market and the North American mobile phone market, and contributes to the team's forecast program. He also conducts in-depth secondary research of company financials and subscriber data for mobile operators in North America, Latin America, Western and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and Asia/Pacific. In addition, he provides support to the Gartner Ombudsman's Quote Requests office. Service Representative Company Name AT&T Dates Employed Mar 1984 – May 1988 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Location Fremont, CA Handled customer service and sales for AT&T post-divestiture. Service Representative Company Name Pacific Bell Dates Employed Apr 1981 – Mar 1984 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Handled customer service calls for Pacific Bell in San Jose, CA. Work included billing inquiries and adjustments, new and existing service ordering. Featured Skills & Endorsements Competitive Analysis See 2 endorsements for Competitive Analysis 2 Competitive Analysis Endorsed by Andrew B Johnson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Dave’s colleagues at Gartner Click and drag to reorder skills Market Research See 1 endorsement for Market Research 1 Market Research Endorsed by Stéphanie Pittet-Baghdassarian, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Mobile Devices See 1 endorsement for Mobile Devices 1 Mobile Devices Endorsed by Anthony Mullen, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dave has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Pulse 1,535,211 followers Gartner 375,444 followers
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Stamper Optical/Opto-Mechanical Engineer Nikon Research Corporation of America University of Arizona Tucson, Arizona Area 246 246 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Brian has extensive experience as an integrated product team lead, is well versed in cost account management, earned value management, and schedule monitoring against program milestones. He has frequent interaction with customers, vendors, and subcontractors as optical lead.His specialties include optomechanical design and analysis including the material properties, structural suitability, and optical performance of the system components. Experience in material selection and system design are key areas of his expertise. He finds working across multiple disciplines to create successful optical systems challenging, but very rewarding. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Brian’s Activity 247 followers Take a little tour of the Hall at DWP Live... https://lnkd.in/gK6i4rc Brian liked See all activity Experience Associate Prinicipal Scientist Company Name Nikon Research Corporation of America Dates Employed 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr Research and development support of new technologies and techniques across multiple business units. Support and leadership of projects emphasizing optical systems. Senior Optical Design Engineer Company Name Nikon Research Corporation of America Dates Employed 2010 – 2016 Employment Duration 6 yrs Research, development, and implementation in support of optical and EUV lithography tools, and advanced metrology systems. Provide a broad range of system support including source development, manufacturing techniques, physical optics support, optical, and optomechanical analysis. Staff Optical Engineer Company Name Lockheed Martin MS2 Dates Employed 2006 – 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Optical lead for multiband sensors including visible, short wave IR, and mid wave IR. Tasks include, but not limited to:-Subcontract oversight and product review-Subcontract interface documents and specifications-Process development-Transition to production activities-Cost management-Support of program schedule.Engineering support provided including:-Visible and IR design-System internal boresight component-Thermal reference accuracy defined for non uniformity correction-Steering mirror manufacturing review to improve surface and coating quality-As-built component models-Performance and tolerance modeling-Optomechanical modeling and testing Optical Engineer Company Name Ball Aerospace Dates Employed 2004 – 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr Illumination design completed for flight hardware focal plane tests including MTF target patterns and associated hardware tolerancing allowing the system to provide self testing of performance during operation.Thermal gradient induced wavefront errors of a sensor window, analyzed via MatLAB allowing error free imaging when exposed to large temperature swings. Optical Engineer Company Name Logicon Technical Services Inc. Dates Employed 1997 – 1998 Employment Duration 1 yr Optomechanical test fixturing for psycho-visual experiments. Measurements of visual responses from tasks required of various operations. Education University of Arizona Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Optical Sciences Activities and Societies: GSRP (NASA Graduate Student Researchers Program) Investigated techniques for measuring bulk index inhomogeneity. Prototyped hardware for data collection, and programmed custom analysis methods. Outlined method for incorporating results into optical designs using the PSD to correlate index measurements to optical errors. University of Arizona Degree Name MS Field Of Study Optical Sciences Work included prototyping and metrology of ultra lightweight mirrors with the intent of building large telescope arrays. Flat segments, electrostatically curved segments, and various boundary constraints were investigated. University of Rochester Degree Name MS Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Research conducted on the fracture propagation characteristics of optical glasses. Fracture toughness resolved for first time in literature showing the local environmental impact on crack propagation. See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Optics See 34 endorsements for Optics 34 Optics Endorsed by Mike J. and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Brian’s colleagues at Lockheed Martin Click and drag to reorder skills Metrology See 19 endorsements for Metrology 19 Metrology Endorsed by 2 of Brian’s colleagues at Lockheed Martin Click and drag to reorder skills Zemax See 14 endorsements for Zemax 14 Zemax Endorsed by Mike J., who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Brian’s colleagues at Lockheed Martin Click and drag to reorder skills View 31 more View 31 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Eric F. Engineering Manager, R&D Electrical, at STERIS Corporation May 28, 2010, Eric reported directly to Brian Dr Stamper is a detail-oriented engineer. He applies creative design and test solutions that meet the customer's requirements and program schedule. Brian has been a pleasure working with as a Sensor Suite IPT Lead. Jason McKnight Mechanical / Opto-Mechanical Engineer May 18, 2010, Jason worked with Brian but at different companies I had the pleasure of working with Dr. Brian Stamper for about 2.5 years on a large and complex opto-mechanical system. He is an admirable individual and a great Engineer and it was an honor to have worked side by side with him. Dr. Stamper excels as an individual in his field, he is very analytical, detail oriented, focuses on the goals and objectives without losing sight of real world practicality. In addition Dr. Stamper is pleasure to work with in a team environment as well, and has an innate ability to lead and direct as required to achieve those goals and objectives. He is very highly thought of and will be an asset to any company, I look forward to our roads crossing again in the future. Best of luck!! View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Brian has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Japanese Brian has 3 organizations 3 Expand organizations section Organizations OEOSC (Optics and Electro-Optics Standards Council) SPIE Optical Society of America Brian has 3 patents 3 Expand patents section Patents Optical Assembly for Laser Radar Risley Integrated Steering Module Risley Integrated Steering Module Brian has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award . Interests Nikon Research Corporation of America 656 followers Optical Fabrication and Testing Technical Group 195 members University of Rochester 65,341 followers Aerospace & Defense Jobs 32,730 members University of Rochester 73,581 followers University of Arizona 213,126 followers See all See all following
More Actions William has a account William Bishop Administrator, at Huntsville Hospital Systems Huntsville Hospital University of North Alabama Huntsville, Alabama Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent *Virtualization and storage Administrator, Enterprise systems, coordinator* VMware virtualization, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x * Server and blade installation, configuration, management* Standard server allocation and configuration, etc.* Storage Area Networks (cisco and brocade) * Storage arrays (EMC VNX, EMC VMAX, IBM Storwize, IBM DS, Hitachi USP, Hitachi AMS, Hitachi HUS, 3par (now HP), etc.* Windows* Linux * Licensing, primarily Microsoft * Design and implementation (soup to nuts)* Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, etc * Basic switching, routing, ACL's, etc * CCNA x2, MCP, VCP x3,x4,x5, CCA , VCE* MS-SQL 2005-2012 Administration (management only)* Solarwinds, Ignite, various management and diagnostics tools (i.e. Database Analyzer, etc) * AWS and Azure environments (Solution architect) * Microsoft and KVM virtualization to a lesser degree* Hyperconverged systems (Nutanix, ScaleIO, etc)I have 16 years with my current employer where I started as a PC tech and gradually increased responsibilities and skill sets to my current position as IT coordinator (team lead/manager) and associated roles, (Multi-disciplined: virtualization, systems integrator, and SAN administrator) at one of the nation's largest healthcare systems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} William’s Articles 7,310 followers Your small to mid-size datacenter is about to be meaningless. William Bishop on LinkedIn Publish dateFebruary 1, 2017 See 11 more articles Do you have a dream job? William Bishop on LinkedIn Publish dateSeptember 25, 2016 Experience Support technician, Level 3 Company Name Huntsville Hospital Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Formerly lead for a team of 7 systems admins. I have since 2006 been the storage administrator, VMware administrator, server hardware administrator, microsoft, and previously the novell administrator for the 4th largest not-for-profit healthcare group in the united states. Daily I manage and build "soup to nuts" in the environment. In other words, I "perform other duties as assigned", according to my job description. System and Storage Administrator Company Name Huntsville Hospital Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location Huntsville, Alabama Area Focus on VMware ESX and SAN Storage(EMC, Hitachi, and IBM across Cisco MDS).OTHER DUTIES AS ASSIGNED.VCP4 and 5,CCNA, MCPx2, CCA, LBSW, etc, etc.... PC Support Technician level 3 Company Name Huntsville Hospital Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Jan 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location Huntsville, Alabama Area *Repair PC's, printers, fax machines, and assorted other hardware.*Create software installation packages*Created a PC imaging system saving the hospital 10's of thousands of dollars per year, leveraging simple ftp and linux distribution tools to push windows client OS's out to thousands of PC's Systems Administrator Company Name First Community Health Plan Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Aug 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Huntsville, Alabama Area System administrator for Solomon databases, Windows Servers, and backupsPC repair, Phone repair, Fax repair. Education University of North Alabama Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Social Work, minor Psychology Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1995 My written research work was chosen for the re-accreditation of my university department. Featured Skills & Endorsements Virtualization See 73 endorsements for Virtualization 73 Virtualization Endorsed by Gene Leyzarovich and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 16 of William’s colleagues at Huntsville Hospital Click and drag to reorder skills VMware See 72 endorsements for VMware 72 VMware Endorsed by Gene Leyzarovich and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 20 of William’s colleagues at Huntsville Hospital Click and drag to reorder skills Data Center See 61 endorsements for Data Center 61 Data Center Endorsed by Ken Proulx and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of William’s colleagues at Huntsville Hospital Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (6) Joshua Brackeen Network Team Lead at Huntsville Hospital January 24, 2016, William was senior to Joshua but didn’t manage directly I have had the pleasure of working with William for the past 8 years. He is always up to new challenges, fixing current problems and implementing new projects. He is a great leader in our organization and would recommend him to take on any technical job requirement. Tony Wilburn Sr. System Architect at ActioNet, Inc. March 3, 2008, Tony was senior to William but didn’t manage directly I have found that William is always ready and willing to take on any task asked of him. William is very knowledgeable but constantly tries to increase his knowledge. He took over the job of SAN Administrator at Huntsville Hospital and has become an excellent resource in that area, so much so that I recommended that he join my team. Stephen Maxwell Network Specialist at Huntsville Hospital July 27, 2016, William managed Stephen directly Stephen is a bright and energetic engineer. He's willing to jump into a problem and stay involved until it's resolution. A hard worker, with a brilliant future! Joshua Brackeen Network Team Lead at Huntsville Hospital January 22, 2016, William was senior to Joshua but didn’t manage directly Josh is a very apt engineer, quick to respond and with a natural talent for managing multiple systems with no supervision. At the same time, he blends well with any team he works with, and is quickly defined as a go-to person. He is an excellent resource, with high reliability, and a great demeanor. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments William has 9 courses 9 Expand courses section Courses Isilon Management and Administration Microsoft Directions Novell Zenworks PICA Schneider University- Datacenter Certified Associate VCE systems VMware Install and Configure Vmware Advanced Troubleshooting Vmware Scale and Optimize William has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications VCP5-DCV MCP VCE-CIA CCNA CCA William has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects Virtual desktop environment install and configure to 3000+ desktops Installation, Migration, and Consolidation of HH servers to a virtual environment. Installation of Dual Fabric CISCO MDS FC network (SAN) and Migrate from Brocade Interests Healthcare Information Technology Professionals 33,524 members VMware VCDX Certification 1,185 members Dennis K. BermanDennis K. Berman is a LinkedIn Influencer Financial Editor of the Wall Street Journal 151,680 followers Jeff HadenJeff Haden is a LinkedIn Influencer Ghostwriter, Speaker, Inc. Magazine Contributing Editor 895,413 followers VMware Job Seekers 950 members VMware User Group 17,858 followers See all See all following
More Actions Inna has a account Inna Makyan ASIC Design Engineer at Synopsys Inc Cisco Synopsys Armenia Educational Department Armenia 234 234 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Inna’s Activity 236 followers Check out key takeaways from Q3 FY17 earnings. Inna liked See all activity Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Yerevan,Armenia ASIC Design Engineer Company Name Synopsys Inc Dates Employed Oct 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Yerevan,Armenia Intern Company Name Synopsys Inc Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Oct 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Armenia Education Synopsys Armenia Educational Department Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study VLSI Design Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Featured Skills & Endorsements SPICE See 13 endorsements for SPICE 13 SPICE Endorsed by 2 of Inna’s colleagues at Synopsys Inc Click and drag to reorder skills CMOS See 15 endorsements for CMOS 15 CMOS Endorsed by 3 of Inna’s colleagues at Synopsys Inc Click and drag to reorder skills Semiconductor Device See 13 endorsements for Semiconductor Device 13 Semiconductor Device Endorsed by 2 of Inna’s colleagues at Synopsys Inc Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Inna has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Armenian English Russian Interests Your Career 7,191,421 followers PicsArt Inc. 3,785 followers TSMC 41,586 followers Social Media 16,343,284 followers Synopsys Inc 100,741 followers Information Technology 2,335,809 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Kudrle Director of Engineering for Applications at Telestream, Inc. Telestream, Inc. State University of New York College at Plattsburgh Sacramento, California Area 243 243 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Director of Engineering for Applications Company Name Telestream, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Principal Engineer Company Name Telestream, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location Nevada City, California Lead architect of a team of professionals creating enterprise level media platforms. Senior Software Engineer Company Name Telestream, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2000 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Location Nevada City, California Create and develop a variety of media technologies (Codecs, Formats, Muxers/Demuxers, 3rd party integration). Senior Software Engineer Company Name Raytheon Dates Employed Sep 1993 – Oct 2000 Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Location Washington D.C. Metro Area System design and development for products geared towards the intelligence community. Education State University of New York College at Plattsburgh Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Streaming Media See 11 endorsements for Streaming Media 11 Streaming Media Endorsed by Rhett Mappin and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of John’s colleagues at Telestream Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Video See 11 endorsements for Digital Video 11 Digital Video Endorsed by Ed Jose, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of John’s colleagues at Telestream Click and drag to reorder skills Codecs See 10 endorsements for Codecs 10 Codecs Endorsed by 9 of John’s colleagues at Telestream Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Television Broadcast Technologies 34,041 members Bruce's Shorts 128 members State University of New York College at Plattsburgh 29,676 followers HEVC / H.265 7,196 members Media & Marketing Professionals Worldwide 620,479 members GAMMA Tennis 1,102 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dave has a account Dave Glenn Research Analyst at Gartner Gartner Claremore, Oklahoma 42 42 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Dave’s Articles & Activity 42 followers Hype Cycle for Wearable Devices Dave Glenn on LinkedIn See 1 more article Research Director opening at Gartner: Dave shared this See all activity Experience Research Analyst Company Name Gartner Dates Employed Jan 1991 – Present Employment Duration 26 yrs 5 mos Location United States David Glenn is a Research Analyst in Gartner's Technology and Service Provider Research group, where he is part of the Personal Technologies Growth team focusing on market statistics for the device market. He currently produces quarterly market share data for the Latin American PC market and the North American mobile phone market, and contributes to the team's forecast program. He also conducts in-depth secondary research of company financials and subscriber data for mobile operators in North America, Latin America, Western and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and Asia/Pacific. In addition, he provides support to the Gartner Ombudsman's Quote Requests office. Service Representative Company Name AT&T Dates Employed Mar 1984 – May 1988 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Location Fremont, CA Handled customer service and sales for AT&T post-divestiture. Service Representative Company Name Pacific Bell Dates Employed Apr 1981 – Mar 1984 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Handled customer service calls for Pacific Bell in San Jose, CA. Work included billing inquiries and adjustments, new and existing service ordering. Featured Skills & Endorsements Competitive Analysis See 2 endorsements for Competitive Analysis 2 Competitive Analysis Endorsed by Andrew B Johnson, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Dave’s colleagues at Gartner Click and drag to reorder skills Market Research See 1 endorsement for Market Research 1 Market Research Endorsed by Stéphanie Pittet-Baghdassarian, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Mobile Devices See 1 endorsement for Mobile Devices 1 Mobile Devices Endorsed by Anthony Mullen, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dave has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Pulse 1,535,213 followers Gartner 375,447 followers
More Actions Rimsky has a account Rimsky Cheng Technical Writer at Traxon Technologies Allied Control The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Hong Kong 439 439 connections Technical Writer worked in wide variety of fields from semiconductor to logistics. Experienced in Document Template, Control and Editing, Patent Search and Review.Embedded Hardware / Firmware Engineer worked in Industrial / Automotive Applications.Skilled in Prototyping, Verification and Manufacturing and Documentation Preparation.My Personal Website http://rimskycheng.wix.com/rimskych See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Rimsky’s Activity 440 followers Huge thank you to CLP for working with us to roll out a G-Hub demonstrator platform at the new CLP Business Centre in Yuen Long. G-Hub's own Alan Seigrist & Joan Ng were able to demonstrate the G-Hub platform to several distinguished guests including Fanny Law, Chair of the HK Science Park. Also a huge thank you to the great team at DEFT for working beyond all expectation to create a brilliant 3D experience to demonstrate G-Hub's power to CLP's business customers. See more about what we do with CLP as our partner here: https://lnkd.in/fWiQuUU https://lnkd.in/fUq7Haw Rimsky liked Osram delivers strong growth in the second quarter Rimsky liked See all activity Experience Technical Writer Company Name Allied Control Dates Employed May 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 mo Location Kwai Fong, Hong Kong Technical Writer Company Name OSRAM Dates Employed Dec 2013 – May 2017 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Location Hong Kong Science and Technology Park - Maintain technical documentations including technical specification, mounting guide and installation guide;- Respond to ad-hoc documentation / translation request;- Liaise and implement documentation changes catering regional / cultural requirement and diversity while maintaining consistency;- Swift response and concise accuracy. Electronic Engineer Company Name Googolplex Electric Company Limited Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location North Point, Hong Kong - Lead Project(s) for Automotive Safety Equipment, Power Distribution Module selling in Australia for Heavy Trucks, Mine Spec. Trucks and Heavy Construction Equipment;- Handle and allocate tasks to ensure project progress in time involving: Prototype Test, PCB Design, Firmware Development, Purchasing, Manufacturing;- Remote and Field Support for existing customer;- Write and review Technical Specification for the relevant product;- Import / Export Management, Sourcing, Price and Quotation, Proforma Invoice, B2B Sale;- Android / Embedded Hardware Communication / Development. (Bluetooth - CAN Bus J1939, RS-485) Media (1) This position has 1 media PowerMate 15 Digital Switching Solution PowerMate 15 Digital Switching Solution This media is an image Technical Writer Company Name Hongkong International Terminals Dates Employed Jul 2011 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Kwai Chung, Hong Kong - Release documentations for internal usage and reference;- Using Telelogic DOORS for documentation administration. Volunteer Company Name Switched Capacitor Research Group Dates Employed Jan 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Hung Hom, Hong Kong - Follow-up research based on published graduation dissertation. See more positions Education The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Degree Name MSc, Electronic and Information Engineering Field Of Study Engineering Grade Pass with Credit Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Graduation Dissertation Titled "A Switched-Capacitor Based Large-Voltage-Gain Converter" The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Degree Name BEng / BSc, Engineering Physics/ Electronic and Information Engineering Field Of Study Physics/Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Final Year Project Titled "Wireless Headphone" TWGHs Wong Fut Nam College Degree Name Sixth Form Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 20 endorsements for Embedded Systems 20 Embedded Systems Alpha Lau and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded C See 11 endorsements for Embedded C 11 Embedded C Jerry Luo and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PCB design See 10 endorsements for PCB design 10 PCB design Jerry Luo and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Alvis Fong Marketing Manager, North East Asia January 16, 2017, Alvis worked with Rimsky in different groups I recommend Rimsky to his any future employer. With his strong technical background, he can always finish task decently. I was also impressed by his personality that he is mature, hard-working and reliable . He is very helpful and always willing to support other colleagues to make things happen. I enjoyed to work with him very much! Daniel de Maré Principal UX Designer at Chengbao Limited December 5, 2014, Daniel was senior to Rimsky but didn’t manage directly Rimsky is a hard working technical writer with a strong background in engineering that allows him to quickly get an overview and respond to ad hoc requests. His ability to identify problems and swiftly provide solutions is impressive, and he constantly completes his tasks on time. Furthermore, Rimsky is a social and friendly coworker that I strongly recommend and it is a pleasure to have him in the team. Daniel de Maré Principal UX Designer at Chengbao Limited December 5, 2014, Daniel worked with Rimsky in the same group I worked with Daniel on support documentations for some of the products under his management. He is customer-driven, always listen and accept opinions. It is a pleasure to work with him. Accomplishments Rimsky has 9 projects 9 Expand projects section Projects PowerMate 15 SafeGuard 64 / Combo 64 CC2430/CC2530 SOC-based Zigbee Network PIC32F based Intelligent Fan Control System PIC18F based HTTP Server 8051/PIC18F based CD Player PIC18F-based Wireless Headphone Smart Card Attendance System PIC18F-based Foam Plastic Cutter with Temperature and Voltage Control Rimsky has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Advanced Power Semiconductor Devices and Design Criteria For Applications Consumer Electronics Digital Audio Processing Digital Data Transmission Digital Signal Processing Dissertation Satellite Communications - Technology and Applications VLSI System Design Rimsky has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese Chinese English Rimsky has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication "A Switched-Capacitor Based Large-Voltage-Gain Converter" Rimsky has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music Piano Exam Interests Mashable 812,128 followers ON Semiconductor 50,792 followers Woodward, Inc. 14,267 followers Repco 3,902 followers Yandex.Money 1,403 followers Microchip Technology Inc. 51,415 followers See all See all following
More Actions Logan has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium Logan Harris CEO for SpotterRF, Inc. SpotterRF Brigham Young University Provo, Utah Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Working to make a difference in our communities by protecting lives and property with advance warning of potential threats Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Logan’s Articles & Activity 1,162 followers Tesla switches from Camera to Radar for Autopilot Logan Harris on LinkedIn See 6 more articles Demonstrating at the Honeywell End User Forum Honeywell Security and Fire, Honeywell Forum Logan shared this The transition from cameras to radar for detection is happening in security and transportation Logan shared this See all activity Experience CEO & Founder Company Name SpotterRF Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 9 mos Location Orem, UT SpotterRF LLC is the leader in Compact Surveillance Radar CTO & Co-founder Company Name ImSAR LLC Dates Employed Nov 2004 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos We developed the world's smallest Synthetic Aperture Radar system called the NanoSAR. CTO Company Name Wavetronix Dates Employed 2000 – 2007 Employment Duration 7 yrs Hardware Engineer Company Name Xanthon Dates Employed 1999 – 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr Electrical Engineer Company Name Sensar Larson Davis Dates Employed 1996 – 1998 Employment Duration 2 yrs See more positions Education Brigham Young University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1993 Payson Senior High School Degree Name High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1986 Featured Skills & Endorsements Systems Engineering See 53 endorsements for Systems Engineering 53 Systems Engineering Endorsed by Frank Perry, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Logan’s colleagues at SpotterRF Click and drag to reorder skills Engineering Management See 34 endorsements for Engineering Management 34 Engineering Management Endorsed by Frank Perry, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Logan’s colleagues at SpotterRF Click and drag to reorder skills Program Management See 32 endorsements for Program Management 32 Program Management Endorsed by Frank Perry and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Logan’s colleagues at SpotterRF Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Wayne Crowder Head of Information Security at Shamrock Trading Corporation February 17, 2012, Logan was senior to Wayne but didn’t manage directly Wayne was always taking the initiative to find the best solutions for our IT problems within tight constraints of time and money Accomplishments Interests The Washington Post 572,440 followers Defence IQ - World Defence Community [www.DefenceIQ.com] 15,984 members Technology 20,769,129 followers In-Q-Tel 4,536 followers Brigham Young University 220,447 followers Homeland Security 48,436 members See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Chang UI Engineer at Facebook Facebook University of Oklahoma Seattle, Washington 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience UI Engineer Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Seattle Front End Engineer Company Name TUNE Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Seattle, WA Team: Platform ArchitectureTechnologies: JavaScript (Angular, React, Hapi, ES6), TypeScript, PHP, MySQL, Docker• Improved testing, debugging, and development workflows (examples include test helper classes, a console logger backed by a web worker, a live reloading workflow that ensures you always have a fresh session, Chrome extension to facilitate user management)• Drove ES6 adoption and patterns through Babel• Researched and implemented React within a large preexisting Angular application and architected a unidirectional application framework inspired by Flux• Co-led/designed an internal workshop to teach all front end teams React, JSX, and Flux Software Development Engineer Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Seattle, WA Department: Amazon Fulfillment TechnologiesTeam: Shipment Data PlatformTechnologies: Java (Spring MVC, iBATIS, JUnit), C++, Oracle, DynamoDB, S3• Developed internal APIs to provide simple business logic and abstraction layer to heavily used database tables, reaching more than 75000 requests/second• Utilized Test Driven Development to greatly increase test coverage, making continuous deployment possible• Implemented a front end document viewer in < 100 lines of JavaScript to recursively parse a JSON-like format into an HTML table structure Software Engineer Company Name StyleSays Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco, CA Technologies: Python (Django), JavaScript (jQuery), MySQL, Memcache, AWS (EC2, S3)• Developed interfaces and jQuery plugins, processed data with the Facebook API, and implemented a color detection algorithm with the Python Image Library• Reduced load time from 5 seconds down to 1 second for store browsing page, using progressive loading and periodic caching with Memcache Student Programmer and Team Lead Company Name K20 Center Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Norman, OK Technologies: JavaScript (Sencha), MSSQL (system administration and database design)• Developed a large scale website application with 4 other team members• Focused on cross browser compatibility and efficiency/scalability for responsive features and quick load times Education University of Oklahoma Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: • ACM Programming Team • Campus Crusade for Christ • Dean's Leadership Council (Mentor and Tutor) Featured Skills & Endorsements JavaScript See 21 endorsements for JavaScript 21 JavaScript Endorsed by Si Chang and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of David’s colleagues at TUNE Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 12 endorsements for Java 12 Java Endorsed by Si Chang, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of David’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills MySQL See 12 endorsements for MySQL 12 MySQL Endorsed by 3 of David’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Jack Morgan Vice President of Engineering at InRhythm September 4, 2014, Jack was senior to David but didn’t manage directly David is one of those rare people that is as curious as he is diligent. No matter what the task is that you give David, he will find the best way to accomplish it within a reasonable amount of time. Often, this will include updates and fixes that you didn't even know were going to be issues.David has introduced several new technologies and patterns at Tune and I couldn't be happier to have him on my team. I really think that David is going to be an amazing leader in our profession someday and it is a treat to watch him grow into that position. Layna Vaughn Corporate and Private Chef, Local and Sustainable Food Advocate December 23, 2015, David worked with Layna in different groups I was fortunate enough to work alongside Layna and enjoy her cooking for a little less than 2 years at TUNE. It is evident that she loves food - she was constantly introducing me to new cuisines and she was noticeably working hard to ensure the whole quality of our culinary experience was perpetually improving. She set a very high bar and kept raising it.It was also obvious that she loves people. Layna was always very personable, greeting me with a smile and conversation when I came for food. Some recipes may jokingly call for love as an ingredient, but I'm convinced Layna took it seriously. I have no reservations recommending her for any culinary position, and I am confident she will succeed. Yuting(Tina) Lu Engineer II at ASML April 13, 2015, Yuting(Tina) worked with David in the same group Yuting was one of the Tune Front End Architecture team's 2014 summer interns and displayed tremendous growth and a very hard work ethic throughout her internship. She built our internal company directory, a variety of other tools, and elements for our component library, while being thrown into our Angular and React codebases. Yuting showed herself to be adaptable to changing requirements, committed to her work, and a capable self-learner. I believe she has a bright future ahead of her and I am excited for what she will accomplish. Accomplishments Interests // Praxis // 465 followers University of Oklahoma 148,186 followers Facebook 1,533,670 followers Pulse 1,535,215 followers Dennis R. MortensenDennis R. Mortensen is a LinkedIn Influencer ceo and founder at x.ai 278,082 followers University of Oklahoma 141,996 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chung-Ying has a account Chung-Ying Yeh Product Planner HTC California College of the Arts Taipei City, Taiwan 256 256 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I plan and manage products in IT industry with diverse background in electrical engineering, product management and design thinking. My recent work in HTC corporation is focusing on VR product planning. My ability to innovate concepts and deliver the plan to development allowed me to make new product successful. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Product Planner Company Name HTC Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location New Taipei City, Taiwan Create, plan and deliver HTC Wearable and VR productsDefine product experience, value proposition, spec and featuresDevelop product strategy and leverage partnership with third party for co-branding productIncorporate latest technology, market trend and user value to proposals and pitch to executivesIdentify unique selling points, key experiences and tell compelling product storiesCoordinate and co-work with Design, Marketing and Engineering team as well as partners to develop products. Media (1) This position has 1 media UA Healthbox™ | Fitness System | HTC United States UA Healthbox™ | Fitness System | HTC United States This media is a link Hardware Engineer Company Name MOXA Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location New Taipei City, Taiwan Designed the media converters to achieve 10% of revenue in Connectivity business unit. Client satisfaction with performance was very high.Designed and maintained Embedded Ethernet modules to achieve 3% of total revenue in Connectivity business unit.Developed new product line by researching customer insight.Led 11 key projects, designed and refined 24 successful products. Graduate Research Assistant Company Name National Taiwan University Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Jun 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Taiwan Industrial Technology Research Institute, research project of Wireless Board band Access over High Speed Rail, Feb 2008 – Jun 2009Taiwan Mobile® Foundation Outsourcing research project, Feb 2008 – Feb 2009 Media (1) This position has 1 media Broadband Internet Access over THSR Broadband Internet Access over THSR This media is an image Education California College of the Arts Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Design Strategy Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 National Taiwan University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 National Chiao Tung University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Design Thinking See 21 endorsements for Design Thinking 21 Design Thinking Noreen Santini and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Product Development See 19 endorsements for Product Development 19 Product Development Sherman Hsu and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Strategy See 19 endorsements for Strategy 19 Strategy Sherman Hsu and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Pamela Steiner MBA in Design Strategy & Associate, Branded Environments Designer Perkins+Will January 15, 2014, Pamela worked with Chung-Ying in the same group Pamela is one of the best teammate I have worked with in DMBA program. As a researcher, she provided the team valuable insights which enabled the team to identify the undiscovered business opportunity. As a strategist, Pamela possessed the depth of understanding user experience. She identified the overlapped meanings between client, user and the team. Thus, we were able to differentiate us from competitors and develop robust business model. I really appreciate that I had worked with her. Accomplishments Chung-Ying has 16 courses 16 Expand courses section Courses Brand Strategy Business Law & Negotiation Business Models Experience Studio Financial and Managerial Accounting Innovation Studio Leadership by Design Live Exchange Managerial Economics Managerial Finance Chung-Ying has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Chung-Ying has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Moving GenZe Sustain TARGET Chung-Ying has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Channel Measurements and Transmission Simulation for Taiwan High Speed Rail Wireless Communication An OFDM-based channel sounder system Chung-Ying has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award The scholarship of government sponsorship for overseas study Interests Design Thinking 124,847 members Amazon 2,206,403 followers National Chiao Tung University 25,521 followers Guy KawasakiGuy Kawasaki is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief evangelist 2,228,070 followers 國立交通大學 24,119 followers California College of the Arts 21,730 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium 3rd degree connection3rd Michael Kao MBA Candidate Jon Brumley Texas Venture Labs The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business Sammamish, Washington 471 471 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • 5+ years professional experience leading and facilitating cross-functional teams with demonstrated successes helping global clients solve organizational challenges such as talent development through training and effective culture change• Specializes in self-starting initiatives to create innovative products and solutions utilizing the latest technology, effective product management, and a passion for collaborative work • 8+ years technical expertise including managing Agile teams and developing world-class products, managing key features in the Workday HRIS platform and high-volume automated test environments for next generation Intel chips See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal Project Manager Company Name Jon Brumley Texas Venture Labs Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Austin, TX • Oversees project lifecycles from inception to delivery, including specifications, timelines, action plans, and risk mitigation delivering market validation assessments and business model analysis to two startups • Manages a five-person cross-disciplinary team, providing mentorship to develop presentation, financial modelling and client management skills utilizing 1-on-1’s and development plans with key growth metrics Product Manager Intern Company Name Workday Dates Employed May 2016 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Plesanton, CA • Owned product development for client customizable web UX and business processes for both mobile and web as well as back end database architecture impacting 60% of Small and Medium Business clients • Identified organizational knowledge gaps on custom extensibility within Workday and documented tribal knowledge resulting in elimination of duplicative efforts and adoption of my recommendations for product plans• Analyzed feedback from 500+ customers and developed and implemented a roadmap to enhance extensibility features supporting big data analytics and future scalability for small and medium sized businesses in the Workday platform Contract Consultant Company Name PwC Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Austin, TX • Managed a team of five and creating a learning technology roadmap for a major domestic airline to deploy novel technologies such as podcasts, telepresence learning, and augmented reality impacting over 30,000 employees Software Developer & Product Manager Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Santa Clara, CA • Managed product development of test automation tools in .NET C# for next generation chips and architectures by identifying key efficiency misses in previous tools; resulting tools exceeded throughput requirements by 20%• Scrum Mastered using TFS for a distributed team establishing 90% story acceptance through a culture of accountability • Eliminated productivity inefficiencies between collaborating hardware and software teams by promoting improved communication and stakeholder expectations with cross-functional education, reducing project time by 25% Transformation Program Manager (Pro Bono) Company Name California Academy of Sciences Dates Employed May 2012 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location San Francisco, CA • Owned vision for and managed 30 individuals across three teams in the organizational design of a new volunteer program focusing on professional development and educational engagement resulting in retention rate doubling to 80% • Developed KPIs of required working knowledge needed for visitor-volunteer interactions and conducted quantitative analysis of volunteer efficacy, identified training redundancies and reduced onboarding from 75 to 35 hours• Designed a new volunteer culture to emphasize positive engagement with visitors and sustainable program growth, reducing volunteer attrition for an average 50-person class from 60% to 10% in the first 6 months See more positions Education The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study Human Capital and Change Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2015 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Graduate Business Adventure Team Vice President, McCombs Dinner for Six Founder University of Michigan Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study VLSI, Computer Architecture Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Eta Kappa Nu, Solar Car, Student Space Systems Fabrication Lab Featured Skills & Endorsements Project Management See 3 endorsements for Project Management 3 Project Management Avni Danak and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Software Development See 5 endorsements for Software Development 5 Software Development David Chung and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Architecture See 4 endorsements for Computer Architecture 4 Computer Architecture Yu Sun and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese (Mandarin) English Interests The CTY Alumni Network 2,340 members Bay Area CTY Alumni 75 members The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of Business 43,027 followers Wolverine Networking 26,781 members Pulse 1,535,215 followers Intel Corporation 879,894 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Chang UI Engineer at Facebook Facebook University of Oklahoma Seattle, Washington 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience UI Engineer Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Nov 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Seattle Front End Engineer Company Name TUNE Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Seattle, WA Team: Platform ArchitectureTechnologies: JavaScript (Angular, React, Hapi, ES6), TypeScript, PHP, MySQL, Docker• Improved testing, debugging, and development workflows (examples include test helper classes, a console logger backed by a web worker, a live reloading workflow that ensures you always have a fresh session, Chrome extension to facilitate user management)• Drove ES6 adoption and patterns through Babel• Researched and implemented React within a large preexisting Angular application and architected a unidirectional application framework inspired by Flux• Co-led/designed an internal workshop to teach all front end teams React, JSX, and Flux Software Development Engineer Company Name Amazon Dates Employed Dec 2011 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Seattle, WA Department: Amazon Fulfillment TechnologiesTeam: Shipment Data PlatformTechnologies: Java (Spring MVC, iBATIS, JUnit), C++, Oracle, DynamoDB, S3• Developed internal APIs to provide simple business logic and abstraction layer to heavily used database tables, reaching more than 75000 requests/second• Utilized Test Driven Development to greatly increase test coverage, making continuous deployment possible• Implemented a front end document viewer in < 100 lines of JavaScript to recursively parse a JSON-like format into an HTML table structure Software Engineer Company Name StyleSays Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location San Francisco, CA Technologies: Python (Django), JavaScript (jQuery), MySQL, Memcache, AWS (EC2, S3)• Developed interfaces and jQuery plugins, processed data with the Facebook API, and implemented a color detection algorithm with the Python Image Library• Reduced load time from 5 seconds down to 1 second for store browsing page, using progressive loading and periodic caching with Memcache Student Programmer and Team Lead Company Name K20 Center Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Norman, OK Technologies: JavaScript (Sencha), MSSQL (system administration and database design)• Developed a large scale website application with 4 other team members• Focused on cross browser compatibility and efficiency/scalability for responsive features and quick load times Education University of Oklahoma Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: • ACM Programming Team • Campus Crusade for Christ • Dean's Leadership Council (Mentor and Tutor) Featured Skills & Endorsements JavaScript See 21 endorsements for JavaScript 21 JavaScript Endorsed by Si Chang and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of David’s colleagues at TUNE Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 12 endorsements for Java 12 Java Endorsed by Si Chang, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of David’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills MySQL See 12 endorsements for MySQL 12 MySQL Endorsed by 3 of David’s colleagues at Amazon Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Jack Morgan Vice President of Engineering at InRhythm September 4, 2014, Jack was senior to David but didn’t manage directly David is one of those rare people that is as curious as he is diligent. No matter what the task is that you give David, he will find the best way to accomplish it within a reasonable amount of time. Often, this will include updates and fixes that you didn't even know were going to be issues.David has introduced several new technologies and patterns at Tune and I couldn't be happier to have him on my team. I really think that David is going to be an amazing leader in our profession someday and it is a treat to watch him grow into that position. Layna Vaughn Corporate and Private Chef, Local and Sustainable Food Advocate December 23, 2015, David worked with Layna in different groups I was fortunate enough to work alongside Layna and enjoy her cooking for a little less than 2 years at TUNE. It is evident that she loves food - she was constantly introducing me to new cuisines and she was noticeably working hard to ensure the whole quality of our culinary experience was perpetually improving. She set a very high bar and kept raising it.It was also obvious that she loves people. Layna was always very personable, greeting me with a smile and conversation when I came for food. Some recipes may jokingly call for love as an ingredient, but I'm convinced Layna took it seriously. I have no reservations recommending her for any culinary position, and I am confident she will succeed. Yuting(Tina) Lu Engineer II at ASML April 13, 2015, Yuting(Tina) worked with David in the same group Yuting was one of the Tune Front End Architecture team's 2014 summer interns and displayed tremendous growth and a very hard work ethic throughout her internship. She built our internal company directory, a variety of other tools, and elements for our component library, while being thrown into our Angular and React codebases. Yuting showed herself to be adaptable to changing requirements, committed to her work, and a capable self-learner. I believe she has a bright future ahead of her and I am excited for what she will accomplish. Accomplishments Interests University of Oklahoma 148,186 followers University of Oklahoma 141,996 followers Dennis R. MortensenDennis R. Mortensen is a LinkedIn Influencer ceo and founder at x.ai 278,082 followers Pulse 1,535,215 followers TUNE 8,955 followers // Praxis // 465 followers See all See all following
More Actions Taras has a account Taras Zima Senior Hardware Engineer at Moog Inc. Moog Inc. University of Nevada, Reno San Francisco Bay Area 49 49 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Electronic design engineer with a broad experience in embedded system development. Specifically interested in developing FPGA-based systems.Specialties: FPGA, hardware, firmware Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Moog Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Firmware Engineer Company Name Excelitas Technologies - former part of PerkinElmer Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Fremont, CA Development of hardware and FPGA/CPLD coding for Photo Diode Array system. Sr. Camera Design Engineer Company Name PerkinElmer Dates Employed May 2006 – Jan 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Location Fremont, CA FPGA development for a CCD-based camera with two-point pixel correction.Development of microcontroller PID control firmware for thermoelectric cooler in a camera.Thermopile board design with low-noise analog front-end, delta-sigma ADC and USB interface. Hardware Engineer Company Name Comit Systems, Inc Dates Employed Aug 2004 – May 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Santa Clara, CA Re-design of interface on an existing camera from USB to FireWire 800.Created Verilog-based test environments and test plans for an ASIC design verification. Hardware Engineer Company Name Snap-on Diagnostics Dates Employed Jul 1997 – Apr 2004 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location San Jose, CA Development and support of hand-held diagnostic devices for automotive service shops.High-volume, price sensitive product. Education University of Nevada, Reno Degree Name B.S. Degree Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1997 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 4 endorsements for Embedded Systems 4 Embedded Systems Rebecca Marine and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Firmware See 3 endorsements for Firmware 3 Firmware Paul Avanov and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills FPGA See 2 endorsements for FPGA 2 FPGA Howard Loveless and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,216 followers Moog Inc. 25,081 followers University of Nevada, Reno 64,865 followers University of Nevada, Reno 62,424 followers FPGA Users & High Performance Computing Enthusiasts 4,014 members FPGA - Field Programmable Gate Array 33,126 members
More Actions Jennifer has a account Jennifer Watson Entrepreneur / Inventor / Owner at Little Wee Shop Little Wee Shop & Little Wee Prop Shop Humber College Wasaga Beach, Ontario, Canada 271 271 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Owner/Operator of Little Wee Shop an online store of trend-setting, handmade and nature inspired items for weddings, gifts, holidays and more:www.LittleWeeShop.etsy.comWholesale Shop: https://goo.gl/HzeJBv Owner/Operator of Little Wee Prop Shop: http://www.littleweepropshop.comVintage inspired prop rentals for wedding and events in the Simcoe County area.Owner: Head over Heels Gymnastics Club / Climbers Corner. A 10,000 square foot gymnastics, circus, indoor rock climbing and bouldering facility: www.headoverheelsgymnastics.ca www.climberscorner.ca Stopping at the Little Wee Shop you'll feel as though you've found a magical store at the end of a country road. There's a cute awning out front and an old wooden door. Go ahead - Open it - You will be over joyed!Once inside you'll notice the smell of beautiful pine trees, twinkling lights over head and plenty of items that can be personalized just for you.The store may be little but it's BIG on treating you special; just what you deserve.Have a look around & come back often as the little shelves have new items arriving all the time from this forest in the north.________________________________Previous IT Industry experience: Jennifer has over 16 years experience in the IT industry and specializes in global process improvement initiatives working with global cross-functional teams integrating Service Management best practices. Jennifer has lead the advanced analysis of current processes followed by the execution of process re-engineering in developing both high and low level workflows to drive process improvement and understanding across a wide range of audiences from task performers to executives.Jennifer received IBM's Service Excellence Award in 2012 and is most recently working towards her 'Master Inventor' title at IBM and has successfully filed 9 inventions this year. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Jennifer’s Articles 271 followers Former Inventor Turned Full Time Creator Jennifer Watson on LinkedIn Publish dateMay 20, 2015 See all articles Experience Owner Company Name Little Wee Shop & Little Wee Prop Shop Dates Employed 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Skills:Creative: Jennifer has put her invention experience to work by single handily designing well over 100 unique products spanning several categories including; weddings, paper goods, holidays and jewellery. Jennifer grew up with a family of inventors and now holds several patents herself.Savvy: Jennifer has a background in process improvement and experience in tool and die making. She knows how to work efficiently with a stream lined process from creation to delivery; eliminating costly mistakes or miss handled orders. Hands on tool experience allows her to dream any design and make her own prototype right in her own home.Driven: Jennifer left her successful full time corporate position with a fortune 500 company in 2015 to become a double entrepreneur family. Since then Jennifer has formed 2 companies; Little Wee Shop and most recently Little Wee Prop Shop (A wedding and event prop rental service). Jennifer & her husband are also owners of a 10,000 square foot gymnastics and indoor climbing facility in their home town called Head Over Heels Gymnastics and Climbers Corner. Global Process Improvement Specialist / Patent Writer / Inventor Company Name IBM Dates Employed Oct 2010 – 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs Driving process improvement for Global IBM Cloud initiatives, involves leading a variety of global subject matter experts, architects and developers in defining end to end procedures for one of IBMs Cloud Offerings. Key skills:Out-of-the-box creative thinking: Years ahead of her time with creative thinking and imaginative invention ideas. Patent design: Works both independently and part of a team to foster new patent ideas, expand on current ones with the ability to document patent ideas in both laymen and technical terms.Analysing Client Business Needs: By having a clear understanding of client business needs and client satisfaction requirements I have been able to develop key offering solutions and procedures to ensure IBM delivers a service that will meet and exceed client expectations. Negotiating: I have the ability to reach clear agreements among multiple global parties on key process decisions by clearly articulating competing points of view and negotiating to design the best possible solutions that are wins for both the client and IBM.Accolades from the Lead Architect on Jennifer's deliverables: “The Process and Procedure guides are reusable. With the estimated effort to create each guide during an engagement, these assets can be expected to save around $500,000. The Process and Procedure guides used for this offering specifically have enormous value - without them, we can not expect to operate an efficient cloud environment. Whilst it is hard to put a dollar amount on this material, the deliverables themselves, combined with the gap analysis and improvement of the processes themselves during their completion equates to another $500,000. IBM expects to host multiple customers on this Cloud offering, therefore this value will continue to rise”. Lead Architect Account Process Manager Company Name IBM Canada Ltd. Dates Employed 2006 – Oct 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Driving Process Improvement for Fortune 500 companies.Performed the role of Account Process Manager supporting multiple IBM accounts including the Bank of Nova Scotia, one of IBM largest accounts. Jennifer supported over 7 Delivery Project Executives in driving process change using Business Process Management, compliance management, improving and documenting business and technical processes to support existing, new and changing business and technical initiatives. Education Humber College Field Of Study Honors graduate - Prodcution Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1995 Featured Skills & Endorsements Business Process Improvement See 35 endorsements for Business Process Improvement 35 Business Process Improvement Endorsed by Joan Brandham, ITIL V3 and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 23 of Jennifer’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Process Improvement See 27 endorsements for Process Improvement 27 Process Improvement Endorsed by Joan Brandham, ITIL V3 and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 23 of Jennifer’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills Cloud Computing See 24 endorsements for Cloud Computing 24 Cloud Computing Endorsed by 18 of Jennifer’s colleagues at IBM Click and drag to reorder skills View 38 more View 38 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Joane Laurencelle Administrative Assistant at SNJM MB January 15, 2013, Jennifer worked with Joane in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Jennifer Watson, the Account Process Manager of a very large financial institution for 6 years. She is a very dedicated and resourceful person who can produce successful results within very demanding timelines. Her ability to communicate so easily with all service levels and account executives is exemplary. If you want continuous improvement and LEAN strategies implemented in your work environment, I would urge you to get to know her. Joane Laurencelle Administrative Assistant at SNJM MB January 11, 2013, Joane worked with Jennifer in the same group Joane always made herself available to assist me with an urgent deliverable in an instant and did so with pleasure. She is able to present process related material with confidence to a variety of audience levels from technical teams to executives. Joanne has a real attention to detail that is infectious. Rajesh Radhakrishnan Chief Architect for Enterprise Digital Service Management at CSRA Inc. October 9, 2012, Jennifer worked with Rajesh in different groups I have had the pleasure of working with Rajesh in developing Service Management integration documentation for a new IBM service. Rajesh has a high level of ITIL understanding that brought a number of improvements to the process in addition to the required deliverables. It was from this assignment that Rajesh began to mentor me in one of his many other areas of interest; invention and patent development. Rajesh has the ability to articulate his technical knowledge into laymen terms that is easily understood. It is with this skill that he was able to quickly educate me on the difficult process of filing a patent and with Rajesh’s guidance we have now successfully filed numerous IBM patents together. Accomplishments Jennifer has 12 patents 12 Expand patents section Patents PROVIDING ONLINE MAPPING WITH USER SELECTED PREFERENCES Generation of multi-faceted search results in response to query CUSTOMIZATION OF AN E-COMMERCE DISPLAY FOR A SOCIAL NETWORK PLATFORM Smart Calendar GIFTING ENABLED BY INTEGRATION OF COMMERCE AND SOCIAL NETWORKS Analyzing and transmitting environmental sounds Analyzing and transmitting environmental sounds E-commerce system that allows for seller geographic restrictions E-commerce system that allows for seller restrictions based on social media account characteristics E-commerce system that allows for seller restrictions based on social media account characteristics Jennifer has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Analytics Applied to Conference Call Recordings for Knowledge Management Integrated Local Alerts, With A Choice Of Severity Levels On GPS, About Near-by, On-route Or Destination Events MESSAGE SOURCE LOCATION, TIME AND TIME ZONE AWARE EMAIL, TEXT MESSAGE AND INSTANT MESSAGING SERVICES A SYSTEM AND METHOD TO USE ONLINE EVENT RESERVATION DATA AND SOCIAL NETWORK DATA TO LEARN ABOUT FRIENDS AND FAMILY'S PLANS TO ATTEND SOCIAL, CULTURAL AND BUSINESS EVENTS Jennifer has 3 certifications 3 Expand certifications section Certifications ITIL Service Transition ITIL Service Operation ITIL V3 Jennifer has 3 honors 3 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards 2nd IBM Inventors Plateau Award IBM Inventors Plateau Award Service Excellence Award Jennifer has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Chad DickersonChad Dickerson is a LinkedIn Influencer Former Etsy CEO 236,831 followers Marketing & Advertising 14,745,550 followers Art of Licensing 18,493 members Professional Women 14,557,224 followers Creel PriceCreel Price is a LinkedIn Influencer Entrepreneur | Educator | Entreprenaissance Evangelist 133,318 followers Daymond JohnDaymond John is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO of FUBU and The Shark Group, TV Personality on ABC Shark Tank 146,281 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Philip Sr. Engineer (IT & Software Solutions) at SSS, Kuwait Specialised Security Systems Co. W.L.L. Boston University Kuwait 489 489 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Engineer specializing in business development by exploring new avenues for diversification, building and managing partner relationships, identifying potential markets, bootstrapping new technology deployments and chartering business/technical strategy to achieve envisioned goals and targets. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} David’s Activity 490 followers AT&T Cabling Systems signs distribution partnership with FibreXpress for the Southern African market David liked Head – Project Delivery & India Operations David liked Rodolph’s photo David liked See all activity Experience Sr. Engineer, IT & Software Solutions Company Name Specialised Security Systems Co. W.L.L. Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Kuwait Business development - Software & IT Infrastructure Embedded Software Engineer Company Name Young Chang R&D Institute (Kurzweil Music Systems) Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Waltham, MA ● Developed bootloaders, drivers, diagnostics, human-computer interface software for Kurzweil synthesizers, digital pianos etc. ● Development tools and managed source code repository.● Assisted with custom ASIC/FPGA chip verification● Managed software release cycles and documentation● Assisted contractors and coordinated off-shore development.● Assisted manufacturing division with bring-up and diagnostic procedures● Interacted with and assisted internal sales and customer care representatives, performer/artist clientele, user/service manual writers and vendor representatives. PR and Marketing Company Name All For Rock, Kerala Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jan 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Cochin Responsible for marketing the idea of an organized community of musicians, rock bands, music enthusiasts, entertainment promoters, Music product vendors etc. The internet was used as a tool to create awareness and online communities. Education Boston University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Computer Systems Engineering Grade 3.7/4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2009 Masters in Computer Systems Engineering (concentration - Hardware/Architecture)● OS development● Computer Architecture● FPGA-based Digital Systems● Embedded Systems development● Sensor networks● Software Project Management Mahatma Gandhi University Degree Name BTech Field Of Study Electronics and Communication Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2007 Activities and Societies: College rock band, Music club ● Digital design using VHDL● Embedded Systems● Real-time systems● Digital Communication● Wireless Communication Mar Thoma Residential School Field Of Study High School/Secondary Diplomas and Certificates Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 2003 Activities and Societies: Literary and Debating club, Music club, School Choir, School rock band ● School Head boy (student leader), 2002-2003● House assistant captain, 2000 - 2002● Prefect, 1999 - 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 27 endorsements for Embedded Systems 27 Embedded Systems Benson Mathai and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Device Drivers See 17 endorsements for Device Drivers 17 Device Drivers Benson Mathai and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Software Development See 15 endorsements for Software Development 15 Software Development ajay thomas and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (0) Francisco J. Rodriguez Software Manager and Associate Director at Young Chang R&D Institute (Kurzweil) September 21, 2015, Francisco J. managed David directly I had the luck to work with David Jacob Philip at Young Chang Research and Development Institute for 4 years, both as his colleague and as his manager. It was really impressive how, for someone who came to the job right out of college, he got responsibility over such a wide variety of systems and processes so fast. If I had to describe all the things David worked on in these years I would have to write a really long text because he was involved in many of the operations of our company. Not only he was a key link between the software and the hardware departments but also with the factory where our products are made. David designed and programmed code, worked with hardware components, boards bring-up, coordinated software releases, was responsible for the boot loaders, the scanner processors, tools to manage the releases, coordination with external developers, among many other things. The quality of his work was always really good and his ability to multi-task was impressive. And all that with a great attitude. He never hesitated about putting extra hours whenever it was needed. He communicated really well with co-workers and made everyone else's job easier. Timothy Thompson Principal Engineer at Sonilan May 14, 2015, Timothy was senior to David but didn’t manage directly David was one of the best Software Engineers we've ever had and I miss him greatly. He cheerfully accepted any challenge, worked very hard, and handled many of our toughest jobs brilliantly. His positive attitude, friendly demeanor, and keen intellect make David a great asset to any software team. He certainly was to ours. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David has 7 certifications 7 Expand certifications section Certifications ACE-Fx ACIS - Avaya Fabric Networking Solutions APDS - Avaya Networking Solutions APDS - Avaya Contact Center Select APSS – Avaya Contact Center Solutions for IP Office APSS - SME Communications Avaya Implementation Professional Specialist (AIPS) - Avaya IP Office™ Platform David has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Malayalam Interests Avaya 246,263 followers Boston University Students, Alumni, Faculty and Staff Members Networking group. 20,938 members Pulse 1,535,216 followers Westcon ME 1,661 followers Internet of Things 108,308 members Boston University Alumni 42,305 members See all See all following
More Actions Christopher has a account Christopher Delgado Component Engineer at Cisco Cisco San Jose State University San Francisco Bay Area 315 315 connections Highlights Experience Component Engineer Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Hardware Test Engineer Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Milpitas, CA Board bringup, debug, and failure analysis for NPI and sustaining hardware for ASR9K platform Test Engineer Company Name Apple Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area System regression test of consumer electronics Hardware Engineering Intern Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Cross-functional duties assisting engineers with test of high-speed line cards for ASR9K platform Test Engineer Company Name Broadcom Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Santa Clara, CA Software validation for GPS Education San Jose State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Grade Alumni Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 Activities and Societies: IEEE SJSU Student Chapter Featured Skills & Endorsements Oscilloscope See 10 endorsements for Oscilloscope 10 Oscilloscope Endorsed by Joecarlo Manaloto and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christopher’s colleagues at Cisco Click and drag to reorder skills Phase Noise Analyzer See 1 endorsement for Phase Noise Analyzer 1 Phase Noise Analyzer Jagbir Kalirai has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Logic Analyzer See 1 endorsement for Logic Analyzer 1 Logic Analyzer Jagbir Kalirai has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Christopher has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Apple 3,419,553 followers Samsung Mobile 495,746 followers Pulse 1,535,216 followers San Jose State University 244,163 followers Entry Level Engineers 162,933 members San Jose State University (SJSU) - College of Engineering 5,845 members See all See all following
More Actions Arild has a account Arild Kolsrud RF Systems Engineer at Qualcomm Qualcomm Texas A&M University Greater San Diego Area 411 411 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent RF systems engineer with 19 years of experience in the RF industry.Specialties: RF and microwave circuit design and simulations, RF radio receivers, RF systems analysis, RF power amplifiers, high-resolution high-speed ADC circuitry, antenna design, WLAN, BT, FM and NFC PHY layer, frequency planning for radios and RF performance planning and testing of devices. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience RF Systems Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Responsible for FM functionality as well as FM coexiistence with WLAN, BT and LTW on Qualcomm's connectivity chips. Staff Hardware Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Staff hardware design engineer designing and testing connectivity systems including WLAN, BT, FM and NFC. Hardware Application Lead Company Name Texas Instruments Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Connectivity hardware application lead covering TI's WLAN/BT/FM/NFC chipsets for the catalog market. Staff Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name National Instruments Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Apr 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos See more positions Education Texas A&M University Degree Name M.S.E.E. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Activities and Societies: RF, microwave and millimeter wave design. Thesis title: "Multiple Frequency Printed Slot and Dipole Antennas". Texas A&M University Degree Name B.S.E.E. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1995 Høgskolen i Buskerud og Vestfold (HBV) Degree Name Associate Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Activities and Societies: VHDL and ASIC design Featured Skills & Endorsements RF See 41 endorsements for RF 41 RF Endorsed by David Ding, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Arild’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills Wireless See 32 endorsements for Wireless 32 Wireless Endorsed by 2 of Arild’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 21 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 21 Hardware Architecture Endorsed by 7 of Arild’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (5) Kenneth Barnett Engineering Director at Qualcomm January 8, 2009, Kenneth was senior to Arild but didn’t manage directly Arild is a very talented engineer with wide ranging expertise in testing and design of RF circuits. His knowledge and background in design, test, and automation is very good. Walt Kaminski Sr. Technical Consultant at ITT Exelis October 15, 2009, Arild worked with Walt in the same group Arild and I met for the first time at Lucent Technologies where it was my pleasure brainstorming ideas with him on several forward looking radio designs. He brings important value to integrated product teams with his clear focus completing research and development projects with enthusiasm and in a timely manner. He is a creative innovator in the field of RF and Microwave Engineering. His passionate and assiduous work ethic in this field is truly second to none. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Dominick Gonzales Senior Hardware Technician August 5, 2010, Arild was senior to Dominick but didn’t manage directly Dominick has a positive work attitude and is a professional and courteous indivudual that make a great team player. He always gets the jobs done on time and has a great understanding of electrical circuits and computer hardware. Dominick is an individual that makes a great contribution to any team. Walt Kaminski Sr. Technical Consultant at ITT Exelis October 10, 2009, Walt worked with Arild in the same group I had the privilege of working with Walter at Lucent technologies. Walter's knowledge of RF/microwave circuits and theory is extensive. He is always thinking in new ways of solving problems. He was a good coworker and a teacher for me as Lucent was my first job after college. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Arild has 18 patents 18 Expand patents section Patents Systems and methods for saving power in monitoring and tracking devices Band edge amplitude reduction system and method Amplifier bias system and method Cellular base station broadcast method and system Digital transmitter system and method Method and apparatus for filtering a clock signal Receiver system using analog to digital conversion at radio frequency and method Method and apparatus for performing analog-to-digital conversion using previous signal sample(s) High-power selective signal attenuator and method of attenuation Method and apparatus for analog-to-digital conversion using attenuated analog signals Arild has 8 publications 8 Expand publications section Publications PCB’s top ground plane and its effect on a microstrip line’s characteristic impedance Modeling the Q factor for accurate lumped element filter simulation ADC SNR Performance Compact 3G Receiver Design Designing a low-noise low-cost 3G receiver solution Dual-frequency electronically tunable CPW-fed CPS dipole antenna Electronically Switchable Slot Antenna Fed by Microstrip Line Frequency tunable CPW-fed CPS dipole antenna using varactors Arild has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages Bokmål, Norwegian Danish English Nynorsk, Norwegian Swedish Arild has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Qualstar award Qualstar award Qualstar award Qualstar award Interests Byron DeeterByron Deeter is a LinkedIn Influencer Partner, Bessemer Venture Partners 111,650 followers Pulse 1,535,216 followers Wireless Telecommunications Worldwide 84,046 members Powerwave Technologies 4,471 followers Nokia Bell Labs 14,259 followers RF wireless jobs 83,203 members See all See all following
More Actions Yixi has a account Yixi Yang Hardware Engineer at Oracle Oracle Purdue University Santa Clara, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • VLSI DFT and verification• Research Assistant in VLSI testing and test generation; research on transition fault test generation, test set compaction and functional broadside test generation.• Asic engineer on ASIC design: two years’ working experience in Digital design in VHDL; Schematic design and layout design; Low power circuit design in both sub-threshold region and super-threshold region.• Patented in GPS receiver algorithm; two years’ working experience in GPS algorithm of tracking.• A solid background in computer architecture: experienced in cache enhancement; memory interfaces design of a high super-speed data acquisition card.Specialties: • Skilled in C/C++, Java, Assembly, Perl, Matlab (Simulink• Digital IC design, VHDL and Verilog• IC testing• Computer architecture• Parellel programming: MPI, OpenMP, Pthreads• GPS receiver algorithm See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Santa Clara, CA, USA VLSI DFTGlobal verification and validation Research Assistant Company Name Purdue University Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location West Lafayette, IN Specialized in VLSI (Very Large Scale Integrated Circuits) testing and test generation:• Functional Broadside Test generation for a complete test set, in C++ Designed a procedure to achieve a complete test set for partially-functional broadside tests targeting transition faults.• Test generation with input cube avoidance, in C++ Reduce 10~20% for test generation time by avoiding PI assignments which prevent faults from being detected• Compact test set for combinational circuit, in C Achieved the smallest test set by optimizing fault list order, maximal compaction, rotating backtrace Graduate Student Company Name Purdue University Dates Employed Aug 2007 – Dec 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos --Circuit Design: FIR filter design in super-threshold and sub-threshold region, Low power IC design in both subthreshold and superthreshold regions using adaptive -ratio modulation.--Circuit Schematic and Layout Design: Pipelined 8x8-bit finite field multiplier design, Designed and tested in functionality, timing and power by Cadence Virtuoso tools, pathmill and Nanosim.--Computer Architecture: Cache enhancement implementation, Implemented cache technologies such as victim caches and skewed associative caches for performance enhancement; Implemented in the SimpleScalar sim-cache simulator.--IC Fabrication Lab: Fabrication and Testing of Silicon ICs, Fabricated a bipolar IC and a MOS IC chip and conducted electrical characterization testing.--Parallel Programming: MapReduce On Word Count and Matrix Multiplication, Designed parallel programs running under multi-cores in C, using MPI and Pthreads.--Compiler design for LITTLE programming language, in Java, Designed a full-fledged optimizing compiler with scanner, parser, semantic actions and code generation. Graduate Assistant Company Name Purdue University, Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship (SURF) Program Dates Employed May 2011 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 mos • Worked with over 140 students from both inside and outside United States;• Assisted students with their research, preparing for research symposium, tracking their progress regarding submitted work and event participant• Planned and organized SURF student seminars, research and poster symposium, banquet, orientation meeting and other activities RTL Design Engineer Company Name Shanghai HuaLong Information Technology Development Center Co., Ltd Dates Employed Mar 2005 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Shanghai, China GPS Group, Microprocessor & Communication Depart. October 2005- June 2007• Invented HL1802, a GPS base band chip, on algorithms of tracking, acquisition and position calculation• Patented in GPS receiver algorithm• Innovated a data format for quick but precise calculations of position, in C and assembly language• Constructed a series of auto-analyzing programs for position errors, in C and Matlab (simulink)• Responsible for memory interfaces of a high super-speed data acquisition cardDSP Group, Microprocessor & Communication Depart. March 2005- September 2005• Invented HL1602, a 16-bit fix pointed DSP chip• Designed Floating Point Unit (FPU) in MIPS 32-bit CPU Education Purdue University Degree Name Master Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Activities and Societies: HKN (Eta Kappa Nu) Fudan University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Microelectronics Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Intern, IC-CAD Laboratory in 2003-2004; ASIC and Systems Laboratory in 2005-2006Second Prize in 2002; Third Prize in 2003 and 2004, People’s Scholarship, Fudan University Shanghai High School Degree Name highschool Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Computer Architecture See 12 endorsements for Computer Architecture 12 Computer Architecture Endorsed by 6 of Yixi’s colleagues at Purdue University Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests IM Flash 7,603 followers 复旦大学 101,892 followers AMD 159,592 followers Convocations Voice Network: the Student Ushering Club 29 members ON Semiconductor 50,792 followers Purdue University Electrical and Computer Engineering 11,951 members See all See all following
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Fraser Hardware/Firmware Engineer at Frasertech Digital Design Ltd. Geo Pressure Systems Inc. Simon Fraser University British Columbia, Canada 114 114 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a Hardware and Firmware Design Engineer currently seeking new opportunities. I have over 20 years experience in a variety of design positions, the last 15 years as a contract engineer.I have extensive experience in all aspects of embedded systems design, including hardware design, PCB layout, embedded firmware development, and FPGA design. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Hardware/Firmware Engineer (contract) Company Name Geo Pressure Systems Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Designed and modified a number of electronic assemblies, including Schematic Capture and PCB layout. Also wrote Software for a number of embedded devices based on Microchip PIC processors. Software design was in C, and included device drivers and communications protocols. Performed bench level testing and integration of numerous embedded devices as well. Wrote a Windows utility program to communicate with and configure embedded devices using Visual C++ 6.0. Hardware Engineer (contract) Company Name SkyTrac Systems Ltd. Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Produced a 12-layer mixed-signal PCB layout for a complex avionics design including a number of BGA components. The board included many digital interfaces (Ethernet, USB, RS-485, and ARINC). Also participated in the design review and testing of the initial prototypes. The board layout was done using OrCAD Layout. Also designed the PCB layout for a number of smaller boards. Hardware Design Engineer (contract) Company Name Panvion Technology Corp. Dates Employed May 2004 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Designed a digital camera board based on Omnivision OV3640 CMOS sensor array. The board consists of two Xilinx Spartan 3 FPGAs, voltage regulators, and other associated circuitry. The design included complete schematic development, PCB layout, and manufacturing specifications. Also wrote VHDL code for the FPGAs to interface the CMOS sensors. Hardware Design Engineer (contract) Company Name Thales e-Security Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Mar 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs 8 mos Designed and implemented a Framed T3/E3 high speed communications interface board, and integrated it with the DC2K encryption platform. The design included a Spartan 3 FPGA programmed in VHDL, an Exar XRT72L52 DS3/E3 Framer IC, and associated T3/E3 PHY circuitry. Schematic and layout were done using OrCAD. Also wrote software drivers to interface with the board. Software design was in C running on Nucleus Plus. Embedded Firmware Engineer Company Name Intel Dates Employed Sep 1999 – Sep 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Calgary, AB Wrote embedded firmware and device drivers for a cellular phone design. The chipset had been designed by DSP/C (Israel), and the software stack was written by Isotel (Calgary, Canada). I assisted in integrating the Software with the new chipset. See more positions Education Simon Fraser University Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (BASc) Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 23 endorsements for Embedded Systems 23 Embedded Systems Bruce Eleniak and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PCB design See 21 endorsements for PCB design 21 PCB design Kathryn Roberts and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Firmware See 19 endorsements for Firmware 19 Firmware Elizabeth Cabassa and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Dion Kriel Embedded Systems, Avionics, Satcom, Sonar, DSP, Hardware and Software R&D March 2, 2012, Dion was a client of Mike’s In my capacity as Senior and Lead Hardware Engineer at SkyTrac Systems, I have contracted Mike for several design reviews, PCB layouts and board level testing.These designs included very dense, state-of-the-art mixed-signal multilayer boards that contained microprocessors, digital circuitry, sensitive analog circuitry as well as RF sections with controlled impedances.Mike has proven himself to me as a very skilled and experienced engineer, has consistently delivered excellent results, and is always willing to go "the extra mile" to get the job done well and on time.I have no hesitation in recommending Mike and I plan to contract him again. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mike has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Skytrac CCD Board Layout Interests Oxford International 13,443 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,854,987 followers Accelerate Okanagan 2,979 members Electronic hardware/software(firmware) designers(CHIPRIGHT.COM Sponsors this group) 26,920 members Pulse 1,535,216 followers Metso 84,780 followers See all See all following
More Actions Berwyn has a account Berwyn Hoyt Hardware Engineer at Brush Technology and Owner, Hivemind Hivemind Ltd CDC Hitech Launch Canterbury & West Coast, New Zealand 321 321 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Electronics design to manufacture; firmware programming; web startup founderSpecialties: Remote monitoring, high-speed digital design, USB connectivity Highlights Experience Director Company Name Hivemind Ltd Dates Employed May 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Christchurch, New Zealand Remote monitoring of bee hives with satellite reporting. Improve timing of visits; manage the bees. Measure weight, activity and water supply. Commercial pallet integration. Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Brush Technology Dates Employed Nov 2006 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 7 mos Electronics and firmware design.Software contractingWeb and graphical design Owner Company Name microPledge Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Pharos Systems Dates Employed Feb 2002 – Oct 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Print Asset Management (monitoring photocopier usage and users) Education CDC Hitech Launch Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 University of Canterbury Degree Name BE (hons) Field Of Study Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Church Electrical and Electronic Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Firmware See 23 endorsements for Firmware 23 Firmware Tim Rott and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 22 endorsements for Electronics 22 Electronics Reuben Posthuma and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware See 12 endorsements for Hardware 12 Hardware Justin Andrist and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Ben Hoyt Principal Software Engineer at TripAdvisor May 8, 2008, Berwyn worked with Ben in the same group Was great to work with Berwyn (in developing microPledge, my first large group software project). He's steady, dependable, and an excellent programmer. Mark Munroe Retired July 6, 2008, Mark worked with Berwyn in different groups Berwyn was an exemplary colleague and a good friend during the several years we had in common at Pharos. He was always conscientious and competent in his work, worked well with others, and had the highest standards of ethics and integrity. John Watt Business Owner at Many Caps Consultancy Limited March 12, 2009, Berwyn worked with John but at different companies John is an expert at what he does, is packed with knowledge and is very keen to help out. Great guy to work with all 'round. Ben Hoyt Principal Software Engineer at TripAdvisor May 8, 2008, Berwyn worked with Ben but at different companies Ben grasps concepts quickly and is great to talk to. You never feel like you're asking a silly question. He also codes faster than he talks. Accomplishments Berwyn has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Hardware Design for EMC High Speed Digital Design Berwyn has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Bronchoscope Simulator Interests Canterbury Software Cluster 72 followers EDN's Design Network 10,180 members Farming in the Cloud 1,357 members Brush Technology 46 followers Electronics Developers HW FW 9,941 members Pulse 1,535,216 followers See all See all following
More Actions Christopher has a account Christopher Delgado Component Engineer at Cisco Cisco San Jose State University San Francisco Bay Area 315 315 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Component Engineer Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Hardware Test Engineer Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Oct 2015 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Milpitas, CA Board bringup, debug, and failure analysis for NPI and sustaining hardware for ASR9K platform Test Engineer Company Name Apple Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 7 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area System regression test of consumer electronics Hardware Engineering Intern Company Name Cisco Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Cross-functional duties assisting engineers with test of high-speed line cards for ASR9K platform Test Engineer Company Name Broadcom Dates Employed Dec 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Santa Clara, CA Software validation for GPS Education San Jose State University Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Grade Alumni Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 Activities and Societies: IEEE SJSU Student Chapter Featured Skills & Endorsements Oscilloscope See 10 endorsements for Oscilloscope 10 Oscilloscope Endorsed by Kathleen East and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Christopher’s colleagues at Cisco Click and drag to reorder skills Phase Noise Analyzer See 1 endorsement for Phase Noise Analyzer 1 Phase Noise Analyzer Jagbir Kalirai has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Logic Analyzer See 1 endorsement for Logic Analyzer 1 Logic Analyzer Jagbir Kalirai has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Christopher has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests San Jose State University (SJSU) - College of Engineering 5,845 members Cisco 1,440,281 followers San Jose State University 244,163 followers Pulse 1,535,218 followers Entry Level Engineers 162,933 members Electrical Engineering - SJSU 1,106 members See all See all following
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Fraser Hardware/Firmware Engineer at Frasertech Digital Design Ltd. Geo Pressure Systems Inc. Simon Fraser University British Columbia, Canada 114 114 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a Hardware and Firmware Design Engineer currently seeking new opportunities. I have over 20 years experience in a variety of design positions, the last 15 years as a contract engineer.I have extensive experience in all aspects of embedded systems design, including hardware design, PCB layout, embedded firmware development, and FPGA design. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Hardware/Firmware Engineer (contract) Company Name Geo Pressure Systems Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Designed and modified a number of electronic assemblies, including Schematic Capture and PCB layout. Also wrote Software for a number of embedded devices based on Microchip PIC processors. Software design was in C, and included device drivers and communications protocols. Performed bench level testing and integration of numerous embedded devices as well. Wrote a Windows utility program to communicate with and configure embedded devices using Visual C++ 6.0. Hardware Engineer (contract) Company Name SkyTrac Systems Ltd. Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Produced a 12-layer mixed-signal PCB layout for a complex avionics design including a number of BGA components. The board included many digital interfaces (Ethernet, USB, RS-485, and ARINC). Also participated in the design review and testing of the initial prototypes. The board layout was done using OrCAD Layout. Also designed the PCB layout for a number of smaller boards. Hardware Design Engineer (contract) Company Name Panvion Technology Corp. Dates Employed May 2004 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Designed a digital camera board based on Omnivision OV3640 CMOS sensor array. The board consists of two Xilinx Spartan 3 FPGAs, voltage regulators, and other associated circuitry. The design included complete schematic development, PCB layout, and manufacturing specifications. Also wrote VHDL code for the FPGAs to interface the CMOS sensors. Hardware Design Engineer (contract) Company Name Thales e-Security Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Mar 2008 Employment Duration 7 yrs 8 mos Designed and implemented a Framed T3/E3 high speed communications interface board, and integrated it with the DC2K encryption platform. The design included a Spartan 3 FPGA programmed in VHDL, an Exar XRT72L52 DS3/E3 Framer IC, and associated T3/E3 PHY circuitry. Schematic and layout were done using OrCAD. Also wrote software drivers to interface with the board. Software design was in C running on Nucleus Plus. Embedded Firmware Engineer Company Name Intel Dates Employed Sep 1999 – Sep 2000 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Calgary, AB Wrote embedded firmware and device drivers for a cellular phone design. The chipset had been designed by DSP/C (Israel), and the software stack was written by Isotel (Calgary, Canada). I assisted in integrating the Software with the new chipset. See more positions Education Simon Fraser University Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (BASc) Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 23 endorsements for Embedded Systems 23 Embedded Systems Bruce Eleniak and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PCB design See 21 endorsements for PCB design 21 PCB design Kathryn Roberts and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Firmware See 19 endorsements for Firmware 19 Firmware Elizabeth Cabassa and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Dion Kriel Embedded Systems, Avionics, Satcom, Sonar, DSP, Hardware and Software R&D March 2, 2012, Dion was a client of Mike’s In my capacity as Senior and Lead Hardware Engineer at SkyTrac Systems, I have contracted Mike for several design reviews, PCB layouts and board level testing.These designs included very dense, state-of-the-art mixed-signal multilayer boards that contained microprocessors, digital circuitry, sensitive analog circuitry as well as RF sections with controlled impedances.Mike has proven himself to me as a very skilled and experienced engineer, has consistently delivered excellent results, and is always willing to go "the extra mile" to get the job done well and on time.I have no hesitation in recommending Mike and I plan to contract him again. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mike has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Skytrac CCD Board Layout Interests Entrepreneurship 16,576,204 followers Simon Fraser University 116,473 followers Marketing & Advertising 14,745,570 followers Pulse 1,535,218 followers Accelerate Okanagan 2,979 members Titan Logix Corp 337 followers See all See all following
More Actions Arild has a account Arild Kolsrud RF Systems Engineer at Qualcomm Qualcomm Texas A&M University Greater San Diego Area 411 411 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent RF systems engineer with 19 years of experience in the RF industry.Specialties: RF and microwave circuit design and simulations, RF radio receivers, RF systems analysis, RF power amplifiers, high-resolution high-speed ADC circuitry, antenna design, WLAN, BT, FM and NFC PHY layer, frequency planning for radios and RF performance planning and testing of devices. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience RF Systems Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Responsible for FM functionality as well as FM coexiistence with WLAN, BT and LTW on Qualcomm's connectivity chips. Staff Hardware Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Greater San Diego Area Staff hardware design engineer designing and testing connectivity systems including WLAN, BT, FM and NFC. Hardware Application Lead Company Name Texas Instruments Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area Connectivity hardware application lead covering TI's WLAN/BT/FM/NFC chipsets for the catalog market. Staff Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name National Instruments Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Apr 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos See more positions Education Texas A&M University Degree Name M.S.E.E. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1997 Activities and Societies: RF, microwave and millimeter wave design. Thesis title: "Multiple Frequency Printed Slot and Dipole Antennas". Texas A&M University Degree Name B.S.E.E. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1995 Høgskolen i Buskerud og Vestfold (HBV) Degree Name Associate Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Activities and Societies: VHDL and ASIC design Featured Skills & Endorsements RF See 41 endorsements for RF 41 RF Endorsed by David Ding, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Arild’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills Wireless See 32 endorsements for Wireless 32 Wireless Endorsed by 2 of Arild’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 21 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 21 Hardware Architecture Endorsed by 7 of Arild’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills View 43 more View 43 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (5) Kenneth Barnett Engineering Director at Qualcomm January 8, 2009, Kenneth was senior to Arild but didn’t manage directly Arild is a very talented engineer with wide ranging expertise in testing and design of RF circuits. His knowledge and background in design, test, and automation is very good. Walt Kaminski Sr. Technical Consultant at ITT Exelis October 15, 2009, Arild worked with Walt in the same group Arild and I met for the first time at Lucent Technologies where it was my pleasure brainstorming ideas with him on several forward looking radio designs. He brings important value to integrated product teams with his clear focus completing research and development projects with enthusiasm and in a timely manner. He is a creative innovator in the field of RF and Microwave Engineering. His passionate and assiduous work ethic in this field is truly second to none. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Dominick Gonzales Senior Hardware Technician August 5, 2010, Arild was senior to Dominick but didn’t manage directly Dominick has a positive work attitude and is a professional and courteous indivudual that make a great team player. He always gets the jobs done on time and has a great understanding of electrical circuits and computer hardware. Dominick is an individual that makes a great contribution to any team. Walt Kaminski Sr. Technical Consultant at ITT Exelis October 10, 2009, Walt worked with Arild in the same group I had the privilege of working with Walter at Lucent technologies. Walter's knowledge of RF/microwave circuits and theory is extensive. He is always thinking in new ways of solving problems. He was a good coworker and a teacher for me as Lucent was my first job after college. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Arild has 18 patents 18 Expand patents section Patents Systems and methods for saving power in monitoring and tracking devices Band edge amplitude reduction system and method Amplifier bias system and method Cellular base station broadcast method and system Digital transmitter system and method Method and apparatus for filtering a clock signal Receiver system using analog to digital conversion at radio frequency and method Method and apparatus for performing analog-to-digital conversion using previous signal sample(s) High-power selective signal attenuator and method of attenuation Method and apparatus for analog-to-digital conversion using attenuated analog signals Arild has 8 publications 8 Expand publications section Publications PCB’s top ground plane and its effect on a microstrip line’s characteristic impedance Modeling the Q factor for accurate lumped element filter simulation ADC SNR Performance Compact 3G Receiver Design Designing a low-noise low-cost 3G receiver solution Dual-frequency electronically tunable CPW-fed CPS dipole antenna Electronically Switchable Slot Antenna Fed by Microstrip Line Frequency tunable CPW-fed CPS dipole antenna using varactors Arild has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages Bokmål, Norwegian Danish English Nynorsk, Norwegian Swedish Arild has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Qualstar award Qualstar award Qualstar award Qualstar award Interests RF and Microwave Community 37,862 members RF Engineer and RF Manager Position (Security Clearance for eligible candidates) 33,544 members Penelope's Semiconductor Design Group (IC's, HW, Mixed-signal, Audio, MEMS, PWM, RF, Automotive,etc) 2,206 members Powerwave Technologies 4,471 followers Wireless Telecommunications Worldwide 84,046 members Nokia Bell Labs 14,259 followers See all See all following
More Actions Suresh has a account Suresh D CEO,Spark Minda Technical Centre at Minda Corporation Limited Minda Corporation Limited Bharathiyar University Pune, Maharashtra, India 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent CEO and the Centre Head of the Spark MINDA Technical Centre (SMIT) in Pune.After my BE in Electronics & communication from Bharathiyar University in Coimbatore,joined Pricol Limited as a fresher in R&D electronics involved in various development products for nearly 8 years.Some of the product highlights includes Instrument Clusters, Speed Sensors, Taxi fare meters, Auto fare meter, Engine Monitoring Systems etc..Joined Bosch during early 2002, responsible for development of various Electronic Control Units (ECUs) for Automotive Engine Management Systems, incl. introduction of the 1st Engine ECUs for Indian OEMs. Additionally speer headed the set-up of hardware development and product development out of India for Automotive systems, made a growth of ~ 400 hardware engineers supporting various developments ww for BoschDuring this tenure in Bosch had three years of International experience in heading an ECU process and tools development team as Section Manager in Stuttgart, Germany. Last three years career in Bosch as a General Manager and the Head of the Gasoline Systems R&D,having responsible for development of products and systems as "​ Chief Engineer " at Bosch Limited in India. Over 20 years of experience in leading teams various automotive products development, engineering and industrialization.Key Products: Power-train Engine Fuel Injection System and Components - Sensors and Actuators, Electronics Engine Management Systems incl. Embedded HW, SW & Power ElectronicsAutomotive Segments: Diesel, Gasoline and CNG Systems - Passenger Cars, Commercial Vehicles, 2- and 3-wheelers, Off-highway applications.My hobbies include traveling, gardening , pet care & electronics See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience CEO, Spark Minda Technical Centre ( SMIT ) Company Name Minda Corporation Limited Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Pune Centre Head of the R&D : Overall Projects, Facility & Associates- Advance engineering and research projects- New products design and development- India Specific Solutions involving electronic and mechatronics- Automotive engineering services for the group & JV's - Test facilities including EMI/EMC, HIL, Reliability etc...- Associate engagement and development GM, Gasoline Systems R&D Company Name Bosch Limited Dates Employed May 2013 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Bangalore Chief and head of engineering of R&D having the following responsibilities- Overall Gross & Net R&D ( P&L ) of Gasoline Systems - ICE Powertrain & transmission strategy development for Indian OEM's- Alternate fuel and electrification strategy development for Indian OEM's- Design & development of automotive power train components incl hydraulics- Systems Engineering for two wheelers & four wheelers ( ICE & Electrification )- Electronic fuel injection System solutions for two wheelers in India- Execution of customer system programs and project management Department Head, Powertrain Hardware Company Name Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions Dates Employed Apr 2011 – May 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Coimbatore Head of powertrain ECU development with the following responsibilities- Engine Control Unit development strategy development for Indian OEM's- ECU ( Diesel & Gasoline ) design & development for Emerging Markets- ECU engineering solutions/services across Bosch locations- Test system product development ( Hardware/System/Software)- Automotive electronic products design & development involving complete life cycle Senior Manager, ECU Hardware Development Company Name Robert Bosch GmbH Dates Employed Apr 2009 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Stuttgart Area, Germany Section Manager for ECU Hardware process, tools & competence development - ECU Hardware process development & towards preparedness CMMI L3 : world wide- Hardware development tools & environment architecture development - Redefinition tools and new tools to improve the development cycle- Competency Management & Development : Concept definition for world wide Manager, Powertrain Hardware Company Name Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions Ltd. Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 7 yrs 3 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India - Powertrain electronics development for diesel & gasoline vehicles : Emerging Markets- Product development strategy for emerging markets- Setup of engineering team to support various power train programs world wide- Test systems concept & product development with end to end solutions- Associate hiring, engagement & competence development See more positions Education Bharathiyar University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (BE) Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1994 Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Development See 64 endorsements for Product Development 64 Product Development Endorsed by Chandra Nataraja and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Suresh’s colleagues at Bosch USA Click and drag to reorder skills Automotive See 63 endorsements for Automotive 63 Automotive Endorsed by Arun Kumar Bhat V S and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Suresh’s colleagues at Bosch USA Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 49 endorsements for Electronics 49 Electronics Endorsed by Arun Kumar Bhat V S and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Suresh’s colleagues at Bosch USA Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Mukesh Soni ★ Seeking new challenges ★ Multi-skilled Researcher, Developer (HW & SW), Product Management/Marketing ★ PhD Researcher December 19, 2014, Suresh managed Mukesh directly Mukesh Soni is well talented in electronics with a very strong basics/fundamentals. Has been instrumental with us in setting up a strong team of automotive embedded hardware engineers . He is a good team player, very assertive in understanding the situations, good in solving problems and able to create a good working environment. I wish him all the best in all his future endeavours. Venumadhav Tangirala Program Management | In-Vehicle Networking (IVN) | NXP Semiconductors B.V. September 18, 2014, Suresh managed Venumadhav directly I've worked with Venu for nearly 10 years. Found him as a good person with a rich technical knowledge in electronics and automotive electrical. Has been instrumental is setting up expert team in the organization and responsible for many successful start of productions. Accomplishments Suresh has 3 patents 3 Expand patents section Patents An APPARATUS AND METHOD FOR PROTECTING ECU (ELECTRONIC CONTROL UNIT) AGAINST SHORT CIRCUIT Integrated Assembly for Evaporative Emission Control An appartus for purging fuel vapours from fuel tank Interests Volkswagen India 65,952 followers Auto jobs-India 12,247 members Johnson Controls 417,197 followers Hiroshi MikitaniHiroshi Mikitani is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO, Rakuten Inc. 834,615 followers Automotive careers 102,868 members Visteon Corporation 60,088 followers See all See all following
More Actions Berwyn has a account Berwyn Hoyt Hardware Engineer at Brush Technology and Owner, Hivemind Hivemind Ltd CDC Hitech Launch Canterbury & West Coast, New Zealand 321 321 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Electronics design to manufacture; firmware programming; web startup founderSpecialties: Remote monitoring, high-speed digital design, USB connectivity Highlights Experience Director Company Name Hivemind Ltd Dates Employed May 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Christchurch, New Zealand Remote monitoring of bee hives with satellite reporting. Improve timing of visits; manage the bees. Measure weight, activity and water supply. Commercial pallet integration. Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Brush Technology Dates Employed Nov 2006 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs 7 mos Electronics and firmware design.Software contractingWeb and graphical design Owner Company Name microPledge Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Jan 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Pharos Systems Dates Employed Feb 2002 – Oct 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Print Asset Management (monitoring photocopier usage and users) Education CDC Hitech Launch Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2008 University of Canterbury Degree Name BE (hons) Field Of Study Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Church Electrical and Electronic Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Firmware See 23 endorsements for Firmware 23 Firmware Tim Rott and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 22 endorsements for Electronics 22 Electronics Reuben Posthuma and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware See 12 endorsements for Hardware 12 Hardware Justin Andrist and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (2) Ben Hoyt Principal Software Engineer at TripAdvisor May 8, 2008, Berwyn worked with Ben in the same group Was great to work with Berwyn (in developing microPledge, my first large group software project). He's steady, dependable, and an excellent programmer. Mark Munroe Retired July 6, 2008, Mark worked with Berwyn in different groups Berwyn was an exemplary colleague and a good friend during the several years we had in common at Pharos. He was always conscientious and competent in his work, worked well with others, and had the highest standards of ethics and integrity. John Watt Business Owner at Many Caps Consultancy Limited March 12, 2009, Berwyn worked with John but at different companies John is an expert at what he does, is packed with knowledge and is very keen to help out. Great guy to work with all 'round. Ben Hoyt Principal Software Engineer at TripAdvisor May 8, 2008, Berwyn worked with Ben but at different companies Ben grasps concepts quickly and is great to talk to. You never feel like you're asking a silly question. He also codes faster than he talks. Accomplishments Berwyn has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses Hardware Design for EMC High Speed Digital Design Berwyn has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Bronchoscope Simulator Interests Canterbury Software Cluster 72 followers Pulse 1,535,219 followers University of Canterbury 59,485 followers EDN's Design Network 10,180 members Brush Technology 46 followers Electronics Developers HW FW 9,941 members See all See all following
More Actions Van has a account Van Quach Sr. Hardware Engineer at Lantronix Lantronix Garden Grove, California 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name Lantronix Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Lantronix 1,793 followers Pulse 1,535,219 followers
More Actions Andrew W. has a account Andrew W. Hill Senior Manager, Machine Learning & Predictive UX Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. University of California, Santa Cruz San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Education, logic design, embedded systems, system-on-a-programmable-chip design. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Andrew W.’s Activity 1,121 followers The Proven Way LinkedIn Keeps Its Tech Talent Andrew W. shared this The full digital experience at re:publica 2017 – Daimler shapes the future of mobility | marsMediaSite Andrew W. liked Porsche Digital Santa Clara office will tap Silicon Valley know-how Andrew W. liked See all activity Experience Senior Manager, Machine Learning & Predictive UX Company Name Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Held many positions over the years: - Senior Manager, Machine Learning and Predictive User Experience (2016-) - Engineering Manager, Machine Learning and Predictive User Experience (2014-2015) - Senior Systems Engineer, Consumer Electronics Device Integration and Development (2012-2014) - Intern -> Contractor -> Systems Engineer, Connected Infotainment and Consumer Electronics (2007-2012)Relevant technologies include Android, iOS, Qt, C and C++, QNX, Python, Verilog and VHDL. Teaching Assistant Company Name UC Santa Cruz Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area CMPE 125 - Logic Design with VerilogStudents would build several small projects and one large term project, which would vary between SDRAM controllers, SERDES negotiators and cache systems.CMPE 185 - Technical Communication for EngineersStudents would compose various documents including resumes, naïve user documentation, algorithm descriptions, code and schematic documentation and white papers.CMPE 220 - Advanced Parallel ProcessingCovered an introduction to programming two of the most advanced parallel architectures: SIMD massively-parallel processor arrays and graphics cards used for general-purpose processing (GPGPU). Students would implement parallel algorithms on the two architectures; these algorithms include sorting, string matching and image processing. Graduate Student Company Name UC Santa Cruz Dates Employed 2005 – 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Investigated strategies to improve timing yield and to decrease soft-error rates in subthreshold logic designs. Initial simulations of chip variability and design ramifications were created in Matlab using Monte Carlo techniques, the results of which were verified by measuring high-speed clock failure on eleven different Altera Cyclone II FPGAs from two separate lots. Logic-based solutions were prototyped in C++ by applying various redundancy strategies, and analyzed for the overall yield based on the rejection rate and the design area.Studied the feasibility of creating an FPGA operating below the threshold voltage of the con- stituent devices. Created a VLSI model at both 180nm and 95nm in Cadence Virtuoso based on the XC4000 block and analyzed its performance with PSpice at various supply voltages between 300mV and 900mV. Also created a toolchain for synthesis and implementation for the model using a mixture of open source and Cadence tools.Investigated novel input devices, including effectiveness and acceptance. This required creating and modifying driver code in Objective-C in order to interface the devices to a computer, and user evaluation including test design and statistical analysis.Worked on a grant for a proposal to decrease morbidity in older adults through assistive tech- nology, including preliminary works which involved board design and layout based on an Atmel microcontroller, as well as firmware written in C.Developed FPGA implementation of VLSI-based parallel accelerators on a Xilinx Virtex-5, and programmed these processors in a VLIW-like assembly language. Provided comparisons between various implementations and device selections. Reworked classic algorithms such as Floyd- Warshall and all-to-all comparison for systolic SIMD architectures. Undergraduate Tutor Company Name UC Santa Cruz Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area CMPE 12 - Computer OrganizationVarious projects in several assembly languages, including MIPS, MC6800 and LC3. Education University of California, Santa Cruz Degree Name MS Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Tau Beta Pi California Alpha Delta, UCSC Fencing Club Classwork focused on computer architecture, logic design and design automation.Thesis research focused on the use of FPGAs as deployment platforms for small-scale products by implementing a massively parallel SIMD array on a variety of FPGAs and comparing their cost-performance benefits. University of California, Santa Cruz Degree Name BS Field Of Study Chemistry and Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Activities and Societies: School of Engineering Honor Society, UCSC Fencing Club My chemistry degree focused on physical chemistry; my favorite classes were statistical mechanics and instrumental analysis. My senior project consisted of computer simulations of liquid-liquid interactions.My computer engineering degree focused on microcontrollers and logic design. My final project involved creating a microcontroller-based time-data logger for tracking the movements and migration patterns of elephant seals. Volunteer Experience Volunteer SCUBA Instructor Company Name UC Santa Cruz Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 9 mos Cause Education As a volunteer instructor with UC Santa Cruz, I assist in the training of recreational SCUBA divers, many of whom continue on through the scientific diving program in the Marine Biology program at UC Santa Cruz. I regular assist in NAUI Open Water, Advanced, Rescue and Divemaster classes, and occasionally with the scientific diving program. Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 71 endorsements for Embedded Systems 71 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Charles Notley and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 27 of Andrew W.’s colleagues at Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills C See 39 endorsements for C 39 C Endorsed by Douglas Zorn and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 18 of Andrew W.’s colleagues at Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 29 endorsements for Verilog 29 Verilog Endorsed by Cyrus Bazeghi, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Andrew W.’s colleagues at Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Imran Khan Firmware Engineer at Square December 9, 2009, Imran was senior to Andrew W. but didn’t manage directly Andrew is a highly dedicated and talented computer engineer. He has a strong emphasis on doing things the 'Right Way' which means that he consistently turns out top quality work. Andrew never fails to amaze me with the ambition he shows when selecting topics, or selecting the method to complete a project. Nicole Reich-Weiser Engineering Program Manager May 29, 2007, Andrew W. was senior to Nicole but didn’t manage directly I worked with Andrew both in Computer Architecture (CE 12) and Technical Writing. For both courses he was detail oriented and took the time to explain concepts clearly and completely to students.I particularly appreciated his patience and ability to explain concepts in multiple ways. I benefited greatly from his expertise in both subjects. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Andrew W. has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Computer Architecture Human Factors Human-Computer Interaction Logic Design with Verilog Mechatronics Microcontroller System Design Operating Systems Andrew W. has 7 projects 7 Expand projects section Projects Mercedes-Benz Companion App Apple CarPlay - Mercedes-Benz Hardware Integration DriveStyle - FPGA Prototype Development Mercedes Digital DriveStyle App AMG Performance Media Mercedes F125! Concept - Telematics Software Mercedes myCOMAND Concept Andrew W. has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Machine Learning Specialization Data Science Specialization SCUBA Instructor Certified Scrum Master Certified Scrum Product Owner CPR, AED, First Aid and Emergency Oxygen Andrew W. has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Advanced logic design through hands-on digital music synthesis FPGA-based fine-grain parallel computing Low-cost accelerometry-based posture monitoring system for stroke survivors Influence of Surface Tension on Adsorbate Molecular Rotation at Liquid/Liquid Interfaces Andrew W. has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages German Japanese Andrew W. has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Outstanding Teaching Assistant Andrew W. has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Tau Beta Pi Interests CCL MLP October 2016 10 members Car Infotainment 6,397 members Intel Corporation 879,895 followers Square 84,246 followers Connected Car 2,038 members Xilinx 73,171 followers See all See all following
More Actions Terry has a account Terry Saylor Hardware Engineer at Argon ST Argon ST School name: Washington D.C. Metro Area 225 225 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Argon ST System Engineer Company Name Argon ST Dates Employed 2006 – 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Education School name: Featured Skills & Endorsements Systems Engineering See 24 endorsements for Systems Engineering 24 Systems Engineering Terry Baxter and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills System Design See 8 endorsements for System Design 8 System Design Tom Strickland and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Earned Value Management See 7 endorsements for Earned Value Management 7 Earned Value Management Terry Baxter and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Gary Smith President, Brandywine Communciations September 11, 2013, Gary worked with Terry but at different companies Terry is an extremely competent systems engineer that I have worked with over many years hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,219 followers DEFENSE AND AEROSPACE CONNECTIONS 88,083 members
More Actions Mike has a account Mike James Field service engineer Cantel Medical Aylesbury College High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom 136 136 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Field Service Engineer Company Name Cantel Medical Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location London Service engineer for AER machines in the south east of England. Senior Haematology Engineer Company Name Beckman Coulter Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Working within haematology as the DxH senior. Prepared installations, repaired, supported and carried modifications across London. Technical Engineer Company Name Zebra Technologies Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Supporting and working with Partners, Resellers & engineers to solve Technical issues with their Printing Solutions.Fault finding problems in environments such as LAN & WLAN network architecture environments & providing programming support, aswell as configuration assistance for on site engineers. Bio-medical Engineer Company Name Sysmex UK Dates Employed Apr 2007 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Repaired & Maintained highly accurate hydraulic bio-medical instruments for Hematology & Coagulation blood analysis.On site fault finding in time critical situations.Gave technical / maintenance training to laboratory staff on a weekly basis.Setup and prepared instruments for time critical site installations which included calibrating sensitivity settings, laser alignment for hydro dynamic focusing and validating instrument performance. Proposal Engineer Company Name Kidde Products Ltd Dates Employed Sep 2006 – Feb 2007 Employment Duration 6 mos Contract positionExpedited and Proposed fire protection systems for customers in the Gulf winning a tender worth $1 million dollars. See more positions Education Aylesbury College Degree Name BTEC National Diploma Engineering Field Of Study Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 Activities and Societies: Multiple assignments including: PCB design and testing Manufacturing Techniques Engineering Materials Further Mathematics Project Design and Manufacturing First Diploma EngineeringNational Diploma EngineeringCity & Guild Computer Aided design Sir William Ramsay School Degree Name GCSE Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Activities and Societies: 9 x GCSE's Main focus was in English, Electronics Volunteer Experience Charity Company Name Rotary Club Dates volunteered Sep 2009 – Sep 2009 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Social Services Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics See 5 endorsements for Electronics 5 Electronics Tracey Wong and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Technical Support See 5 endorsements for Technical Support 5 Technical Support Jill Povey and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PCB design See 4 endorsements for PCB design 4 PCB design Jill Povey and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Carbon60 21,908 followers Zebra Technologies 70,510 followers Acoustic Technologies 435 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,182,031 followers Cantel Medical 2,585 followers ZEISS Microscopy 14,444 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew W. has a account Andrew W. Hill Senior Manager, Machine Learning & Predictive UX Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. University of California, Santa Cruz San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Education, logic design, embedded systems, system-on-a-programmable-chip design. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Andrew W.’s Activity 1,121 followers The Proven Way LinkedIn Keeps Its Tech Talent Andrew W. shared this The full digital experience at re:publica 2017 – Daimler shapes the future of mobility | marsMediaSite Andrew W. liked Porsche Digital Santa Clara office will tap Silicon Valley know-how Andrew W. liked See all activity Experience Senior Manager, Machine Learning & Predictive UX Company Name Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Held many positions over the years: - Senior Manager, Machine Learning and Predictive User Experience (2016-) - Engineering Manager, Machine Learning and Predictive User Experience (2014-2015) - Senior Systems Engineer, Consumer Electronics Device Integration and Development (2012-2014) - Intern -> Contractor -> Systems Engineer, Connected Infotainment and Consumer Electronics (2007-2012)Relevant technologies include Android, iOS, Qt, C and C++, QNX, Python, Verilog and VHDL. Teaching Assistant Company Name UC Santa Cruz Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area CMPE 125 - Logic Design with VerilogStudents would build several small projects and one large term project, which would vary between SDRAM controllers, SERDES negotiators and cache systems.CMPE 185 - Technical Communication for EngineersStudents would compose various documents including resumes, naïve user documentation, algorithm descriptions, code and schematic documentation and white papers.CMPE 220 - Advanced Parallel ProcessingCovered an introduction to programming two of the most advanced parallel architectures: SIMD massively-parallel processor arrays and graphics cards used for general-purpose processing (GPGPU). Students would implement parallel algorithms on the two architectures; these algorithms include sorting, string matching and image processing. Graduate Student Company Name UC Santa Cruz Dates Employed 2005 – 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location San Francisco Bay Area Investigated strategies to improve timing yield and to decrease soft-error rates in subthreshold logic designs. Initial simulations of chip variability and design ramifications were created in Matlab using Monte Carlo techniques, the results of which were verified by measuring high-speed clock failure on eleven different Altera Cyclone II FPGAs from two separate lots. Logic-based solutions were prototyped in C++ by applying various redundancy strategies, and analyzed for the overall yield based on the rejection rate and the design area.Studied the feasibility of creating an FPGA operating below the threshold voltage of the con- stituent devices. Created a VLSI model at both 180nm and 95nm in Cadence Virtuoso based on the XC4000 block and analyzed its performance with PSpice at various supply voltages between 300mV and 900mV. Also created a toolchain for synthesis and implementation for the model using a mixture of open source and Cadence tools.Investigated novel input devices, including effectiveness and acceptance. This required creating and modifying driver code in Objective-C in order to interface the devices to a computer, and user evaluation including test design and statistical analysis.Worked on a grant for a proposal to decrease morbidity in older adults through assistive tech- nology, including preliminary works which involved board design and layout based on an Atmel microcontroller, as well as firmware written in C.Developed FPGA implementation of VLSI-based parallel accelerators on a Xilinx Virtex-5, and programmed these processors in a VLIW-like assembly language. Provided comparisons between various implementations and device selections. Reworked classic algorithms such as Floyd- Warshall and all-to-all comparison for systolic SIMD architectures. Undergraduate Tutor Company Name UC Santa Cruz Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area CMPE 12 - Computer OrganizationVarious projects in several assembly languages, including MIPS, MC6800 and LC3. Education University of California, Santa Cruz Degree Name MS Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Tau Beta Pi California Alpha Delta, UCSC Fencing Club Classwork focused on computer architecture, logic design and design automation.Thesis research focused on the use of FPGAs as deployment platforms for small-scale products by implementing a massively parallel SIMD array on a variety of FPGAs and comparing their cost-performance benefits. University of California, Santa Cruz Degree Name BS Field Of Study Chemistry and Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Activities and Societies: School of Engineering Honor Society, UCSC Fencing Club My chemistry degree focused on physical chemistry; my favorite classes were statistical mechanics and instrumental analysis. My senior project consisted of computer simulations of liquid-liquid interactions.My computer engineering degree focused on microcontrollers and logic design. My final project involved creating a microcontroller-based time-data logger for tracking the movements and migration patterns of elephant seals. Volunteer Experience Volunteer SCUBA Instructor Company Name UC Santa Cruz Dates volunteered Sep 2012 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs 9 mos Cause Education As a volunteer instructor with UC Santa Cruz, I assist in the training of recreational SCUBA divers, many of whom continue on through the scientific diving program in the Marine Biology program at UC Santa Cruz. I regular assist in NAUI Open Water, Advanced, Rescue and Divemaster classes, and occasionally with the scientific diving program. Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 71 endorsements for Embedded Systems 71 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Charles Notley and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 27 of Andrew W.’s colleagues at Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills C See 39 endorsements for C 39 C Endorsed by Douglas Zorn and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 18 of Andrew W.’s colleagues at Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 29 endorsements for Verilog 29 Verilog Endorsed by Cyrus Bazeghi, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Andrew W.’s colleagues at Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (0) Imran Khan Firmware Engineer at Square December 9, 2009, Imran was senior to Andrew W. but didn’t manage directly Andrew is a highly dedicated and talented computer engineer. He has a strong emphasis on doing things the 'Right Way' which means that he consistently turns out top quality work. Andrew never fails to amaze me with the ambition he shows when selecting topics, or selecting the method to complete a project. Nicole Reich-Weiser Engineering Program Manager May 29, 2007, Andrew W. was senior to Nicole but didn’t manage directly I worked with Andrew both in Computer Architecture (CE 12) and Technical Writing. For both courses he was detail oriented and took the time to explain concepts clearly and completely to students.I particularly appreciated his patience and ability to explain concepts in multiple ways. I benefited greatly from his expertise in both subjects. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Andrew W. has 7 courses 7 Expand courses section Courses Computer Architecture Human Factors Human-Computer Interaction Logic Design with Verilog Mechatronics Microcontroller System Design Operating Systems Andrew W. has 7 projects 7 Expand projects section Projects Mercedes-Benz Companion App Apple CarPlay - Mercedes-Benz Hardware Integration DriveStyle - FPGA Prototype Development Mercedes Digital DriveStyle App AMG Performance Media Mercedes F125! Concept - Telematics Software Mercedes myCOMAND Concept Andrew W. has 6 certifications 6 Expand certifications section Certifications Machine Learning Specialization Data Science Specialization SCUBA Instructor Certified Scrum Master Certified Scrum Product Owner CPR, AED, First Aid and Emergency Oxygen Andrew W. has 4 publications 4 Expand publications section Publications Advanced logic design through hands-on digital music synthesis FPGA-based fine-grain parallel computing Low-cost accelerometry-based posture monitoring system for stroke survivors Influence of Surface Tension on Adsorbate Molecular Rotation at Liquid/Liquid Interfaces Andrew W. has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages German Japanese Andrew W. has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Outstanding Teaching Assistant Andrew W. has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Tau Beta Pi Interests HARMAN International 76,917 followers Aha by Harman 546 followers FPGA - Field Programmable Gate Array 33,126 members In Vehicle Infotainment (IVI) 1,372 members Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,598,455 followers Bay Area Underwater Explorers 7 followers See all See all following
More Actions Iñigo has a account Iñigo Muguruza Hardware Engineer en Erle Robotics S.L. Erle Robotics S.L. Syddansk Universitet Pamplona Area, Spain 201 201 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Erle Robotics S.L. Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos At Erle Robotics we are designing the first educational drone, the next generation of educational robots that will be used in schools, Universities and research centers to learn, study and research about flying robotics. Our mission is to bring robotics to the people with Erle, the first educational drone.As Hardware Engineer, I am developing new devices that will make posible to fly our educational drone. Electronic Engineer Company Name INESC-ID Dates Employed May 2014 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Lisbon Internship in OpenRISC open-source microcontroler analysis. Ingeniero Junior PFC Company Name TECNALIA Research & Innovation Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 6 mos Location San Sebastián Ingeniero Junior PFC Company Name CAF Power & Automation Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 11 mos Location San Sebastián Education Syddansk Universitet Degree Name Ingeniería en Automática y Electrónica Industrial Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2013 Primer semestre, estudiante de intercambio por seis meses Universidad del País Vasco/Euskal Herriko Unibertsitatea Degree Name Ingeniería en Automática y Electrónica Industrial Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2012 Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya Degree Name Ingeniería en Automática y Electrónica Industrial Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 9 endorsements for Matlab 9 Matlab Victor Cebrian Lindström and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills VHDL See 6 endorsements for VHDL 6 VHDL Patxi Mayoral Pizarroso and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Simulink See 5 endorsements for Simulink 5 Simulink Patxi Mayoral Pizarroso and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Iñigo has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages Español Inglés Portugués Vasco Iñigo has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication GoTo Amsterdam Conference Interests Ingeniariak-Ingenieros 26,464 members INESC-ID 2,578 followers CAF (Construcciones y Auxiliar de Ferrocarriles) 23,637 followers Embedded Systems Group 56,272 members Pulse 1,535,219 followers Rolling Stone Magazine 19,220 followers See all See all following
More Actions Van has a account Van Quach Sr. Hardware Engineer at Lantronix Lantronix Garden Grove, California 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name Lantronix Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Lantronix 1,793 followers Pulse 1,535,219 followers
More Actions Sivisa has a account Sivisa Mathavan SCM Engineering NPI Project Manager at Siemens Healthineers Siemens Healthineers Illinois Institute of Technology San Francisco Bay Area 333 333 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Passionate Supply Chain Engineer always on the look out to be a part of innovative projects having immense knowledge in highly regulated Medical Device development, very organized, detail oriented, ability to work independently with little or no instructions and a team player. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience SCM Engineering NPI Project Manager Company Name Siemens Healthineers Dates Employed Jun 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Mountain View, California Systems Engineering and Project mangement Co-op (Product Development) Company Name Siemens Healthcare Dates Employed May 2014 – Oct 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Design and Development:1. To help with the hardware and firmware development of the next generation Sensis system.2. To add features to the existing software for performing component level testing on the sensis system inorder to support the next generation of sensis.3. To assist the Change Co-Ordinator to drive ECO and DT to closure by exactly following the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) and root cause analysis.4. Create ECRs, DTs, Bill of Materials (BOMs), p-BOMs and packaging BOMs in SAP.5. Prepare documents like Engineering Design Spec, Engineering Impact Assessments, label location, label specification, test specification, etc.System Engineering:1. Trace requirement specifications to test specifications (RS-VS) and help in tracing Risk Analysis to Design Specification (RA-DS).2. To help with the Change Management Process by driving Change Control Board (CCB) meetings and processing Change Requests.Testing and Validation:1. To write test specifications and plan for component level tests for each of the requirements.2. Perform component level testing, EMI performance and regression testing using standard test equipment such as function generators, oscilloscopes,multimeter, etc.3. Log defects in ChaRM NT and bug tracking in HP Quality Center.4. Perform standards testing for Intertek.Notable Projects:1. Developed automation of the testing process for OEM modules during production using LabView.2. Added the feature for an injectate thermistor to calculate Cardiac Output in firmware for sensis new product.3. Developed a tool to convert raw data files obtained from previous sensis product to be compatible with the new product using C++. Research Assistant Company Name Embeded Computing and Signal Processing (ECASP) Lab Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Illinois Institute of Technology, Chicago Research Interests:Digital Signal ProcessingDigital Image ProcessingFall Detection Gesture Recognitionhttp://ecasp.ece.iit.edu/current-students.html#sivisa Student Assistant Company Name Illinois Institute of Technology Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Career Management Center 1. Contact the Human Resources Managers or Administrators of various organisations and inviting them to establish a relationship with the Illinois Institute of Technology in-terms of internships, co-ops and on-campus recruiting.2. Work as a team and organize career fairs on campus.3. Conduct various events such as corporate days, information sessions etc4. Help in the publicity of the events conducted by the Career Management Center of IIT. Research Assistant Company Name Medical Imaging Research Center (MIRC) Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Illinois Institute of Technology 1. Worked on the project to use dual tracer technique in SPECT imaging for photodynamic therapy. Performed mathematical modelling and curve fitting on the data obtained to predict the exact saturation time of the drug concentration after injection.2. Performed shape analysis of hippocampus obtained from image segmentation and morphometry in the T2 weighted Ex-Vivo brain MRI images on a large aging cohort using CM-rep tool.3. Supported grant writing efforts. See more positions Education Illinois Institute of Technology Degree Name Master of Science (MS) in Electrical Engineering Field Of Study Biomedical Imaging and Singal Processing Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2015 Sri Sivasubramaniya Nadar College Of Engineering Degree Name B.E. Field Of Study biomedical engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 fatima matriculation higher secondary school Field Of Study Mathematics, Biology, Physics and Chemistry Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Biomedical Engineering See 9 endorsements for Biomedical Engineering 9 Biomedical Engineering Endorsed by Ramya Ramesh, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills C++ See 3 endorsements for C++ 3 C++ Endorsed by Koushik Ram Kunathur Thikshaja, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills C See 5 endorsements for C 5 C Endorsed by Koushik Ram Kunathur Thikshaja, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 37 more View 37 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Hongxuan Zhang Staff Electrical Engineer at Smith & Nephew March 8, 2015, Hongxuan managed Sivisa directly Sivisa works for my hardware group. She has a very good background on HW and Biomedical Engineering. We interviewed many students and selected her for our new product design and testing, including PCB design, hardware performance, FW testing, mechanical testing, safety testing, documents, etc. We are lucky to have her in our team and she did a lot of good work, very effective and efficient. I am always a very picky person on technologies and work quality, but her diligence, quick learning and quality of work are very impressive. I know she will be very successful in her future career, no matter how much challenges in the work. Won-Jae Yi Ph.D. Candidate in Computer Engineering March 6, 2015, Sivisa worked with Won-Jae in the same group Sivisa is a goal-oriented person and knows how to reach the level where she wants to achieve. Also, she has a strong background in BME which helped our research laboratory's project more easier and look into much further perspective as a biomedical engineer. In addition, she welcomes any challenges or obstacles that might confront her while achieving her project's goals. And she knows how to tackle them and overcomes them. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sivisa has 8 courses 8 Expand courses section Courses Analysis of Random Signals Applied optimization for Engineers Digital Image Processing Digital Signal Processing Molecular Imaging Neuroimaging Object Oriented simulation statistical quality and process control Sivisa has 6 projects 6 Expand projects section Projects Computer Simulation for Digital Logic: EasyVL Simulator. Low cost Gesture recognition using accelerometer and flex sensors Algorithmic Implementation of optimization methods using matlab Remote Pacemaker follow-up care using GSM module Low cost EOG Amplifier using AD620 Fetal heart rate extraction from maternal heart rate Sivisa has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Design Flow of Wearable Heart Monitoring and Fall Detection System using Wireless Intelligent Personal Communication Node Wearable Sensor Data Fusion for Remote Health Assessment and Fall Detection Interests Benvenue Medical 2,155 followers FDA 95,743 followers Synectic Medical Product Development (A MACK Molding Company) 1,521 followers Dassault Systèmes 141,093 followers Biomedical Engineering Internships and co-ops 7,931 members Modified Polymer Components, Inc. 675 followers See all See all following
More Actions Lucy has a account Lucy Yu Senior System and Integration Engineer Intel University of Waterloo Portland, Oregon Area 159 159 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Platform Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the semiconductors industry. Skilled in Power Optimization, Platform Architecture, Radio Frequency (RF), Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGA), and Hardware Architecture. Strong information technology professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Electrical Computer Engineering from University of Waterloo. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Computer Platform Engineer Company Name Intel Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 9 mos Location Hillsboro, OR, US • Xeon+FPGA cloud platform integration engineer and engineering manager• Mobile platform power battery life integration and optimization• Server system and integration • Oversea customer enabling and new server technology test strategy enabling RF Engineer Company Name Sirific Wireless Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Location Waterloo, Ontario, Canada Education University of Waterloo Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Electrical Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements SoC See 6 endorsements for SoC 6 SoC William McClatchey and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Firmware See 5 endorsements for Firmware 5 Firmware James (Jim) Gates and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 4 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 4 Hardware Architecture Wu Zp and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Vikki Mueller Espinosa Career Strategist | Talent Champion | Motivational Speaker | Talent Development Manager December 11, 2012, Vikki was senior to Lucy but didn’t manage directly Vikki provided excellent advice for my recent job search. She gave me timely helps, and great supports. She provided tips of resume update, interview preparation, how to retain the most interested opportunities, and most important is she enhanced my confident level every time I talked to her. She is energetic and her positive attitude greatly influent me. Accomplishments Lucy has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests University of Waterloo 172,034 followers Intel Alumni 6,680 members RF and Microwave Community 37,862 members Intel Corporation 879,895 followers Pulse 1,535,219 followers Safe Engineering Services & technologies 174 followers See all See all following
More Actions Iven has a account Iven Dieterle Senior Industrial Designer at ASUS ASUS National Taiwan University Taipei City, Taiwan 128 128 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Industrial Designer Company Name ASUS Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Taipei Lead Designer primarily for Zenbook Series 13” notebooks, Chromebook series, and Transformer series. Lead and participated in Task forces exploring new product categories, and prototyping product concepts in categories including 2in1, Notebook, Pad, VR, AIO, Accessory. Developed and presented design material for international conferences and clients. Principal designer for manufactured products responsible for Concept, 3D, CAID, CMF, MP sample, etc. Zenbook UX305 Critically acclaimed. NO.1 worldwide market share in category Awards: Gmark Best 100, IF Design, TW Golden Pin, Others ◦ Zenbook UX330 Pioneer double anodizing and NIL finish. Awards: Reddot ◦ Chromebook C201 Pioneer gradient IMR effects and 3D patterns. Awards: IF Design. ◦ Chromebook C200 Low cost chromebook. Awards: IF Design ◦ Transformer T100TAM Metal version of T100 detachable tablet. Media (4) This position has 4 media Previous Next T100TAM Transformer Book T100TAM Transformer Book This media is an image C201 Chromebook C201 Chromebook This media is an image Zenbook UX305 Zenbook UX305 This media is an image C200 Chromebook C200 Chromebook This media is an image Industrial Designer (Contract) Company Name Pilotfish Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Taipei Working within a team of designers developing products for international and Taiwanese clients. ◦ Proposals for audio equipment for ASUS Xonic series (2D, CMF, UI ) ◦ New series of consumer mouse proposals for Genius Inc. (2D ,3D) ◦ Conceptual installation for Taiwan ITRI. Freelance Designer Company Name Freelance Dates Employed Aug 2007 – 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Various Various clients Jabon InternationalMoma-Tech創意文創Taymac Corporation3Z Scale International LLC Media (1) This position has 1 media BullDog R/C Rider - 2007 BullDog R/C Rider - 2007 This media is a document Industrial Design Intern Company Name Pilotfish Dates Employed May 2012 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Taipei, Taiwan Working within a team of designers developing products for major international companies. Chinese Language Student Company Name National Taiwan University Dates Employed Nov 2011 – May 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Taipei, Taiwan Chinese Language Studies See more positions Education National Taiwan University Field Of Study Chinese (non-degree) Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Arizona State University Degree Name BSD Field Of Study Industrial Design Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Industrial Design See 21 endorsements for Industrial Design 21 Industrial Design Endorsed by Dosun Shin and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Iven’s colleagues at ASUS Click and drag to reorder skills Product Design See 20 endorsements for Product Design 20 Product Design Endorsed by Dosun Shin and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Iven’s colleagues at ASUS Click and drag to reorder skills Design Thinking See 13 endorsements for Design Thinking 13 Design Thinking Endorsed by Benjamin Ehrenberg, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Iven’s colleagues at ASUS Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Iven has 5 patents 5 Expand patents section Patents Apparatus and method for collapsible and expandable electrical device cover Stackable like-ganged electrical boxes Stackable and collapsible electrical box Retrofit outlet electrical box SYSTEM FOR ADJUSTABLY MOUNTING AN ELECTRICAL DEVICE Iven has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Iven has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Silver Prize Iven has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Remote Control Vehicle and ATV Interests Arizona State University 384,909 followers Alumni of the ASU Herberger Institute for Design and the Arts 4,431 members Industrial Design 221,530 members CRE8 DESIGN 543 followers Design Management 7,779 members Ammunition 6,224 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nazia has a account Nazia Ovee Electronic Project Parts Engineer III NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory University of South Florida La Canada Flintridge, California 222 222 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Component Engineering,Space Parts Management Highlights Experience Electronic Project Parts Engineer III Company Name NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Pasadena, CA Components Engineer Company Name Honeywell Aerospace Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 5 yrs 10 mos Location Clearwater, FL Currently, working as the EEE Parts Manager for MIMU Product Line where Honeywell builds Inertial Measurement Units (IMUs) and Inertial Reference Units (IRUs) for satellite devices and space vehicles used in planetary missions and deep-space-probe applications. The greater portion of my work is based on knowledge and application of Military, Space and Aerospace TOR level program requirements for EEE components. Below is a brief overview of my standard responsibilities as the Product Line Parts Manager: • Review and verification of program specific test requirements for every EEE component lot procured for flight usage, active and passive, including radiation hardened microcircuits and semiconductors, to ensure and maintain Space and Program standards such as MIL-STD-750, MIL-STD-883, MIL-STD-1580, MIL-STD-202, MIL-STD-981, MIL-PRF-38534, MIL-PRF-38535, MIL-PRF-19500, MIL-PRF-27 etc.• Assess components and subsystems to assure reliability commensurate with the product application and provide design recommendations for reliability and production improvements.• Support failure investigations to determine the root cause of failures and initiate corrective actions and enhanced processes to preclude further failures.• Analysis of test data for Plastic Encapsulated Microcircuits (PEMs), Hybrids & other Multichip Modules (MCMs) and, deliver summary report to customer based on statistical trends to ascertain part sustainability.• Identify and select EEE components and manufacturers as required for new and existing products, handle regulatory issues and manage obsolescence reviews.• Develop and maintain technical specifications, Source Controlled Drawings, perform Bill of Material (BOM) analysis and, create and analyze scorecards for program process improvement. Technical Support Company Name Hillsborough Community College Dates Employed May 2005 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 5 yrs 11 mos Location Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida Area • Performed troubleshooting in computer workstations including hardware/software maintenance and installation. • Serviced and provided maintenance of Servers and Network Stations. • Provided user experience troubleshooting including assistance in Operating Systems (OS) and various training programs among other issues. Teaching Assistant Company Name University of South Florida Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Apr 2009 Employment Duration 9 mos • Instructed an undergraduate class of “Wireless Circuits and Systems Laboratory”.• Taught & trained students the appropriate use of laboratory equipment, and administered and graded quizzes, tests, and laboratory reports. Education University of South Florida Degree Name Bachelor in Electrical Engineering Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Hillsborough Community College Degree Name Associate of Arts Field Of Study Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements Simulations See 23 endorsements for Simulations 23 Simulations Endorsed by 4 of Nazia’s colleagues at Honeywell Aerospace Click and drag to reorder skills Electrical Engineering See 19 endorsements for Electrical Engineering 19 Electrical Engineering Endorsed by Ezgi Caliskan, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Nazia’s colleagues at Honeywell Aerospace Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 15 endorsements for Testing 15 Testing Endorsed by Geovanny Cardona, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Nazia’s colleagues at Honeywell Aerospace Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nazia has 5 languages 5 Expand languages section Languages Bengali English Hangul (Korean) Hindi Urdu Nazia has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Honeywell Outstanding Engineer Award Nazia has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Society of Women Engineers (SWE) Interests America II Electronics 2,551 followers NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory 80,741 followers Meggitt 19,637 followers Honeywell 652,278 followers University of South Florida 218,548 followers Rockwell Collins 76,714 followers See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Farmer Maintenance Technician International Paper University of Vermont Hanford, California 326 326 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Maintenance Technician Company Name International Paper Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Exeter, CA Service all machinery and facilities to prevent minimized production down time. This facility consists of a corrigator for triple layer board, die cutters, printers, and finishing/unitizing equipment. I am assigned tasks ranging from fabrication and mechanical repairs to electronics/power and PLC code adjustments. Electronic & PLC Technician Company Name Unitec SpA Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Tulare, California Unitec makes high speed fresh fruit and vegetable sorting machines. Sorting is based on size, color, quality, and condition which are determined using machine vision, high speed scales, and brix sensors. I was trained by Unitec at their manufacturing site in Italy for 2 months and gained experience with the installation, maintenance, operation, and design goals of their machines with a particular focus on the PLC systems/programming, and the machine vision system (and associated electronics). Upon my return to the USA the main customer I was hired to support backed out of contract with Unitec and I was layed off. Unitec management was very pleased and impressed by my aptitude for the work, they will provide a recommendation upon request to any interested party. Despite the short stay with Unitec, I feel it is a valuable addition to my resume. Instrumentation Technician Company Name Tremenda USA Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Perform the installation of the Dencor Energy Management System at Gas Stations in KY+TN and McDonalds in MI. Tasks including site survey, wire pulls, circuit tracing, distribution panel relabeling, sensor installations, live wire terminations, contactor installation, light grouping, switch leg insertion, conduit/cable connections, system programming (telnet), calibration/testing, and troubleshooting installation issues during install and service calls. Work was fast paced up to 70hrs a week, all shifts. Travel was required. Work required standing/walking for up to 12hrs, crawling into confined spaces (often very dirty attic spaces wearing particulate respirator in the dark), some heavy lifting, mounting/drilling to walls (of all types), frequent pinching/grasping/manipulation of wire up to 10AWG. Engineering Manager & Lead Electrical Engineer Company Name Innovative Dynamics Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Ithaca, New York Area Responsible for all engineering deliverables on a 1.5 million dollar Navy contract. Drafted electrical schematics, printed circuit board layouts, block diagrams, flow diagrams, Solidworks CAD models, and manufacturing blueprints. Wrote system specifications and assembly/maintenance manuals based on applicable requirements and standards. Wrote technical proposals and interpreted technical information (schematics, software development kits, standards, specifications, etc). Conducted weekly engineering meetings with staff, customers, and management. Created weekly task list for staff based on long term deliverable requirements. Recruited student interns to assist with specific engineering tasks. Performed research and development, built electronic prototypes (soldering, adhesive, coil winders, etc.), built mechanical prototypes (using, mill, lathe, drill, press, etc.), and performed troubleshooting/debugging of electrical/mechanical systems. Design Release Engineer Company Name General Motors Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Warren MI Tasks include writing of technical documentation, battery management system design, international product development, and new specification development. During this position I discovered the root cause of a circuit board failure, GM sent me to South Korea to investigate the supplier to determine the extent of the quality spill. Worked with suppliers and manufacturing to develop low cost designs. Performed extensive DFMEA (design by failure move effect and analysis). Consulted regularly with design teams, GM research, and battery manufacturing teams. Developed innovative new battery terminal connector that improved serviceability and reduced cost of battery module. See more positions Education University of Vermont Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Alternative Energy Racing Organization Received a fellowship to continue in the masters program doing research for the transportation research center. One year of the masters program has been completed and there are three publications so far produced from this work. University of New Hampshire Degree Name none Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Enrollment curtailed due to sports injury Volunteer Experience Electrical Tech Inspector Company Name Formula Hybrid Dates volunteered Sep 2006 – Present Volunteer duration 10 yrs 9 mos Cause Education Formula Hybrid is a student competition to design, build, and race a hybrid open wheel race car. As a student I participated in this event and it was invaluable experience that has impacted my life and career ever since. I have been supporting the event as a volunteer since my graduation in 2009. Its a fun event with great networking opportunities and it has been a good source of talented potential new hires. In the last year I have hired two young engineers I met at the competition who have both contributed greatly in the workplace. Featured Skills & Endorsements Power Electronics See 17 endorsements for Power Electronics 17 Power Electronics Richard Kvasna and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Engineering See 16 endorsements for Engineering 16 Engineering Steve Gross and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 15 endorsements for Electronics 15 Electronics Richard Kvasna and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Jonathan Beckwith Strategic Applications Engineer at Xilinx May 26, 2010, Jonathan managed Chris directly While managing Chris, he balanced a full school/work load and was able to perform testing and other tasks without any problems. He was a bright and capable individual, and the work that he produced was good quality. He was able to absorb lots in his time at the IOL, and in the right environment his high level of interest and intelligence can be very beneficial. Ricky Willems Independent Contractor - Engineering and Design November 18, 2016, Chris managed Ricky directly I met Ricky Willems at the International Formula Hybrid Competition in Loudon NH. This is a competition between engineering schools to design, build, and race gas-electric hybrid racecars. Ricky’s contribution to his school’s racecar demonstrated technical skill, commitment, passion, and creativity with electronics. I offered him an electrical engineering internship with Innovative Dynamics, which eventually lead to full time employment with the company. While working at Innovative Dynamics he created research proposals/reports, electrical schematics, PCB layouts, and electrical prototypes. He documented his work, performed testing/debugging, and assisted with system level design work. Given basic problem statements Ricky could select the appropriate circuit(s), review uncertainties with management, perform circuit simulation, and follow through with tested prototypes; all with minimal supervision. He is a careful listener capable of receiving and articulating technical information verbally as well as in writing. Ricky is a well-rounded electrical engineer/designer as skillful in the laboratory as he is behind a desk. Brian Leach Systems Engineering Consultant September 26, 2011, Chris and Brian were students together Brian was the team leader for AERO - Alternative Energy Racing Organization, a student team who's purpose was to design and build a hybrid electric race car for competition in an SAE style event. His enthusiasm for the work, skill with tools, and devotion to the project were unrivaled by anyone on the team. The capstone achivement for AERO was the completion of the trans-axel which was a highly modified honda dirt bike engine/transmission. Brian was intregal in reverse engineering the honda OEM transmission and drafting the new parts in solidworks. Without his contributions to the car team would not have won best powertrain. Brian was also a good team leader, he encoraged and helped other team leads to meet timeing deadlines, and was always available to help promote the car to our sponsors. Accomplishments Interests International Paper 118,628 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers University of New Hampshire 88,148 followers University of Vermont 74,420 followers EV Battery Forum 8,309 members University of New Hampshire 91,337 followers See all See all following
More Actions Rohankishore has a account Rohankishore Naveen Hardware Engineer at Softkinetic Softkinetic Univerisity of Southampton Brussels Area, Belgium 323 323 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Softkinetic Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Brussels Area, Belgium Test and Validation Engineer Company Name ST-Ericsson Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Brussels Area, Belgium Education Univerisity of Southampton Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Microelectronics Systems Design Grade 2:1 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Anna university (KCG College Of Engineering) Degree Name B.Engg Field Of Study Electronics & Communication Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements VHDL See 11 endorsements for VHDL 11 VHDL Giorgi Komakhidze and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 10 endorsements for Embedded Systems 10 Embedded Systems Giorgi Komakhidze and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 7 endorsements for Testing 7 Testing James Toynton and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Francesco Pacella Clever, enthusiastic, passionate engineer. November 28, 2012, Rohankishore worked with Francesco in different groups Francesco has a very good knowledge in microwave telecommunications. He is always interested in gaining skills and has a high positive attitude with his work and colleagues. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,220 followers European Semiconductor Professionals 2,239 members Quadcopters and drones discussion group 45 members Semiconductor Test Engineering 6,310 members SOFICS 231 followers Softkinetic, Inc. 224 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Beard Senior Optics Test Manager at Microsoft Microsoft University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 340 340 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Extensive experience developing computer controlled test and analysis systems with emphasis on optical, imaging, and motion control based instrumentation.Systems engineering experience: requirements development and decomposition, impact and traceability analysis, and design verification testing.Superior analytical, communication, and presentation abilities.Vast knowledge into human psychology-physics in the areas of Human Contrast Sensitivity, Color Appearance, Brightness perception, and Readability as it pertains to the perception of Image Quality of scanned beam laser displays.Specialties: Image Quality Measurement and Design Verification Test Systems.Expert in LabVIEW and Vision Image Processing.Requirements Development and Traceability (DOORs).Color Science, Photometry and Radiometry. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Optics Test Manager - HoloLens Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Senior Hardware Engineer - Microsoft HoloLens Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Redmond Hardware Engineer III - Microsoft HoloLens Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jun 2012 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Redmond Partner Company Name System Design Sciences, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 9 yrs 6 mos Team specializing in the development of computer controlled test and measurement systems. We specialize in developing custom software systems for a wide variety of applications. We have been in the Pacific Northwest for over 10 years and we are committed to implementing integrated software and hardware systems to the complete satisfaction of our customers. Our company has two primary areas of expertise: 1) supporting the full National Instruments (NI) product line, and 2) embedded systems software and hardware design. Lead Systems Engineer of Image Quality Company Name Microvision Dates Employed Nov 2004 – May 2012 Employment Duration 7 yrs 7 mos See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name M.S., B.S. Field Of Study Physics/Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 43 endorsements for Embedded Systems 43 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Jari Honkanen and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Michael’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 36 endorsements for Testing 36 Testing Endorsed by Gabe Valentin, MBA, MEE and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Michael’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Systems Engineering See 26 endorsements for Systems Engineering 26 Systems Engineering Endorsed by 10 of Michael’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (16) Given (5) Patterson Paul High-Tech Global Operations & Business Development Executive April 20, 2012, Patterson was senior to Michael but didn’t manage directly Michael has developed himself a strong reputation of pulling together system solutions that far exceeded perceived industry capabilities. He always has a positive attitude and demonstrates an innovative nature as he has demonstrated with the delivered solutions to problems. A real honor to have worked with. Sean O'Connor System Engineer Executive Support at Vulcan Inc. March 11, 2011, Sean worked with Michael in different groups Michael is one of the most gifted and dedicated engineers I have come across. He has show skill as a mentor to younger engineers and as a member of cross functional teams. He has taken ownership of several IT related tasks and completed them. View 14 more recommendations View 14 more recommendations recommendations Norman Carberry IT Systems Administrator / Procurement Coordinator February 23, 2016, Michael managed Norman directly Matt is a very motivated individual with a can do attitude. He contributes in all areas of optical testing and was independently responsible for performing testing on a critical optical component; He managed receipt and inventory of samples, and coordinated testing supporting performance and reliability testing. Matt contributes to testing a variety of optical sub-assemblies, building test stations, running tests, including alignment processes and MSA/GRR studies. Matt's IT knowledge/experience helps the team in managing PC environments; particularly RAID/back-up configurations, dual boot environments, and maintenance of remote systems.. Sean O'Connor System Engineer Executive Support at Vulcan Inc. June 6, 2012, Michael was senior to Sean but didn’t manage directly Sean is an outstanding IS professional. He understands the business and the priorities to support the variety of needs by staff and departments both short term and long term. He is committed and dedicated in his role and responsibilities, and represents himself to reflect that, as well as in the readiness and reliability of the systems he administers and maintains. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Multi-Spectral Sensors 4,261 members University of Washington 379,020 followers Intuitive Surgical 48,871 followers Microsoft 3,687,345 followers ENSCO, Inc. 3,995 followers Image Processing 15,011 members See all See all following
More Actions Rohankishore has a account Rohankishore Naveen Hardware Engineer at Softkinetic Softkinetic Univerisity of Southampton Brussels Area, Belgium 323 323 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Softkinetic Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Brussels Area, Belgium Test and Validation Engineer Company Name ST-Ericsson Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Brussels Area, Belgium Education Univerisity of Southampton Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Microelectronics Systems Design Grade 2:1 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2011 Anna university (KCG College Of Engineering) Degree Name B.Engg Field Of Study Electronics & Communication Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Featured Skills & Endorsements VHDL See 11 endorsements for VHDL 11 VHDL Giorgi Komakhidze and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 10 endorsements for Embedded Systems 10 Embedded Systems Giorgi Komakhidze and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 7 endorsements for Testing 7 Testing James Toynton and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Francesco Pacella Clever, enthusiastic, passionate engineer. November 28, 2012, Rohankishore worked with Francesco in different groups Francesco has a very good knowledge in microwave telecommunications. He is always interested in gaining skills and has a high positive attitude with his work and colleagues. Accomplishments Interests Western Digital 60,363 followers u-blox 7,041 followers Arduino 2,183 members National Semiconductor 16,309 followers Drone Law, Insurance, Risk Management 933 members Drone Design 34 members See all See all following
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Farmer Maintenance Technician International Paper University of Vermont Hanford, California 326 326 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Maintenance Technician Company Name International Paper Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Exeter, CA Service all machinery and facilities to prevent minimized production down time. This facility consists of a corrigator for triple layer board, die cutters, printers, and finishing/unitizing equipment. I am assigned tasks ranging from fabrication and mechanical repairs to electronics/power and PLC code adjustments. Electronic & PLC Technician Company Name Unitec SpA Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Tulare, California Unitec makes high speed fresh fruit and vegetable sorting machines. Sorting is based on size, color, quality, and condition which are determined using machine vision, high speed scales, and brix sensors. I was trained by Unitec at their manufacturing site in Italy for 2 months and gained experience with the installation, maintenance, operation, and design goals of their machines with a particular focus on the PLC systems/programming, and the machine vision system (and associated electronics). Upon my return to the USA the main customer I was hired to support backed out of contract with Unitec and I was layed off. Unitec management was very pleased and impressed by my aptitude for the work, they will provide a recommendation upon request to any interested party. Despite the short stay with Unitec, I feel it is a valuable addition to my resume. Instrumentation Technician Company Name Tremenda USA Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 5 mos Perform the installation of the Dencor Energy Management System at Gas Stations in KY+TN and McDonalds in MI. Tasks including site survey, wire pulls, circuit tracing, distribution panel relabeling, sensor installations, live wire terminations, contactor installation, light grouping, switch leg insertion, conduit/cable connections, system programming (telnet), calibration/testing, and troubleshooting installation issues during install and service calls. Work was fast paced up to 70hrs a week, all shifts. Travel was required. Work required standing/walking for up to 12hrs, crawling into confined spaces (often very dirty attic spaces wearing particulate respirator in the dark), some heavy lifting, mounting/drilling to walls (of all types), frequent pinching/grasping/manipulation of wire up to 10AWG. Engineering Manager & Lead Electrical Engineer Company Name Innovative Dynamics Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Ithaca, New York Area Responsible for all engineering deliverables on a 1.5 million dollar Navy contract. Drafted electrical schematics, printed circuit board layouts, block diagrams, flow diagrams, Solidworks CAD models, and manufacturing blueprints. Wrote system specifications and assembly/maintenance manuals based on applicable requirements and standards. Wrote technical proposals and interpreted technical information (schematics, software development kits, standards, specifications, etc). Conducted weekly engineering meetings with staff, customers, and management. Created weekly task list for staff based on long term deliverable requirements. Recruited student interns to assist with specific engineering tasks. Performed research and development, built electronic prototypes (soldering, adhesive, coil winders, etc.), built mechanical prototypes (using, mill, lathe, drill, press, etc.), and performed troubleshooting/debugging of electrical/mechanical systems. Design Release Engineer Company Name General Motors Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Warren MI Tasks include writing of technical documentation, battery management system design, international product development, and new specification development. During this position I discovered the root cause of a circuit board failure, GM sent me to South Korea to investigate the supplier to determine the extent of the quality spill. Worked with suppliers and manufacturing to develop low cost designs. Performed extensive DFMEA (design by failure move effect and analysis). Consulted regularly with design teams, GM research, and battery manufacturing teams. Developed innovative new battery terminal connector that improved serviceability and reduced cost of battery module. See more positions Education University of Vermont Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2009 Activities and Societies: Alternative Energy Racing Organization Received a fellowship to continue in the masters program doing research for the transportation research center. One year of the masters program has been completed and there are three publications so far produced from this work. University of New Hampshire Degree Name none Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Enrollment curtailed due to sports injury Volunteer Experience Electrical Tech Inspector Company Name Formula Hybrid Dates volunteered Sep 2006 – Present Volunteer duration 10 yrs 9 mos Cause Education Formula Hybrid is a student competition to design, build, and race a hybrid open wheel race car. As a student I participated in this event and it was invaluable experience that has impacted my life and career ever since. I have been supporting the event as a volunteer since my graduation in 2009. Its a fun event with great networking opportunities and it has been a good source of talented potential new hires. In the last year I have hired two young engineers I met at the competition who have both contributed greatly in the workplace. Featured Skills & Endorsements Power Electronics See 17 endorsements for Power Electronics 17 Power Electronics Richard Kvasna and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Engineering See 16 endorsements for Engineering 16 Engineering Steve Gross and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 15 endorsements for Electronics 15 Electronics Richard Kvasna and 14 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (2) Jonathan Beckwith Strategic Applications Engineer at Xilinx May 26, 2010, Jonathan managed Chris directly While managing Chris, he balanced a full school/work load and was able to perform testing and other tasks without any problems. He was a bright and capable individual, and the work that he produced was good quality. He was able to absorb lots in his time at the IOL, and in the right environment his high level of interest and intelligence can be very beneficial. Ricky Willems Independent Contractor - Engineering and Design November 18, 2016, Chris managed Ricky directly I met Ricky Willems at the International Formula Hybrid Competition in Loudon NH. This is a competition between engineering schools to design, build, and race gas-electric hybrid racecars. Ricky’s contribution to his school’s racecar demonstrated technical skill, commitment, passion, and creativity with electronics. I offered him an electrical engineering internship with Innovative Dynamics, which eventually lead to full time employment with the company. While working at Innovative Dynamics he created research proposals/reports, electrical schematics, PCB layouts, and electrical prototypes. He documented his work, performed testing/debugging, and assisted with system level design work. Given basic problem statements Ricky could select the appropriate circuit(s), review uncertainties with management, perform circuit simulation, and follow through with tested prototypes; all with minimal supervision. He is a careful listener capable of receiving and articulating technical information verbally as well as in writing. Ricky is a well-rounded electrical engineer/designer as skillful in the laboratory as he is behind a desk. Brian Leach Systems Engineering Consultant September 26, 2011, Chris and Brian were students together Brian was the team leader for AERO - Alternative Energy Racing Organization, a student team who's purpose was to design and build a hybrid electric race car for competition in an SAE style event. His enthusiasm for the work, skill with tools, and devotion to the project were unrivaled by anyone on the team. The capstone achivement for AERO was the completion of the trans-axel which was a highly modified honda dirt bike engine/transmission. Brian was intregal in reverse engineering the honda OEM transmission and drafting the new parts in solidworks. Without his contributions to the car team would not have won best powertrain. Brian was also a good team leader, he encoraged and helped other team leads to meet timeing deadlines, and was always available to help promote the car to our sponsors. Accomplishments Interests International Paper 118,628 followers Unitec SpA 2,555 followers Pulse 1,535,220 followers University of Vermont 74,420 followers Innovative Dynamics Inc. 43 followers EV Battery Forum 8,309 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Beard Senior Optics Test Manager at Microsoft Microsoft University of Washington Greater Seattle Area 340 340 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Extensive experience developing computer controlled test and analysis systems with emphasis on optical, imaging, and motion control based instrumentation.Systems engineering experience: requirements development and decomposition, impact and traceability analysis, and design verification testing.Superior analytical, communication, and presentation abilities.Vast knowledge into human psychology-physics in the areas of Human Contrast Sensitivity, Color Appearance, Brightness perception, and Readability as it pertains to the perception of Image Quality of scanned beam laser displays.Specialties: Image Quality Measurement and Design Verification Test Systems.Expert in LabVIEW and Vision Image Processing.Requirements Development and Traceability (DOORs).Color Science, Photometry and Radiometry. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Optics Test Manager - HoloLens Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Senior Hardware Engineer - Microsoft HoloLens Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Redmond Hardware Engineer III - Microsoft HoloLens Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jun 2012 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Redmond Partner Company Name System Design Sciences, LLC Dates Employed Jan 2003 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 9 yrs 6 mos Team specializing in the development of computer controlled test and measurement systems. We specialize in developing custom software systems for a wide variety of applications. We have been in the Pacific Northwest for over 10 years and we are committed to implementing integrated software and hardware systems to the complete satisfaction of our customers. Our company has two primary areas of expertise: 1) supporting the full National Instruments (NI) product line, and 2) embedded systems software and hardware design. Lead Systems Engineer of Image Quality Company Name Microvision Dates Employed Nov 2004 – May 2012 Employment Duration 7 yrs 7 mos See more positions Education University of Washington Degree Name M.S., B.S. Field Of Study Physics/Applied Mathematics Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 43 endorsements for Embedded Systems 43 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Jari Honkanen and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Michael’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 36 endorsements for Testing 36 Testing Endorsed by Gabe Valentin, MBA, MEE and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 14 of Michael’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Systems Engineering See 26 endorsements for Systems Engineering 26 Systems Engineering Endorsed by 10 of Michael’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (16) Given (5) Patterson Paul High-Tech Global Operations & Business Development Executive April 20, 2012, Patterson was senior to Michael but didn’t manage directly Michael has developed himself a strong reputation of pulling together system solutions that far exceeded perceived industry capabilities. He always has a positive attitude and demonstrates an innovative nature as he has demonstrated with the delivered solutions to problems. A real honor to have worked with. Sean O'Connor System Engineer Executive Support at Vulcan Inc. March 11, 2011, Sean worked with Michael in different groups Michael is one of the most gifted and dedicated engineers I have come across. He has show skill as a mentor to younger engineers and as a member of cross functional teams. He has taken ownership of several IT related tasks and completed them. View 14 more recommendations View 14 more recommendations recommendations Norman Carberry IT Systems Administrator / Procurement Coordinator February 23, 2016, Michael managed Norman directly Matt is a very motivated individual with a can do attitude. He contributes in all areas of optical testing and was independently responsible for performing testing on a critical optical component; He managed receipt and inventory of samples, and coordinated testing supporting performance and reliability testing. Matt contributes to testing a variety of optical sub-assemblies, building test stations, running tests, including alignment processes and MSA/GRR studies. Matt's IT knowledge/experience helps the team in managing PC environments; particularly RAID/back-up configurations, dual boot environments, and maintenance of remote systems.. Sean O'Connor System Engineer Executive Support at Vulcan Inc. June 6, 2012, Michael was senior to Sean but didn’t manage directly Sean is an outstanding IS professional. He understands the business and the priorities to support the variety of needs by staff and departments both short term and long term. He is committed and dedicated in his role and responsibilities, and represents himself to reflect that, as well as in the readiness and reliability of the systems he administers and maintains. View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Image Processing 15,011 members NuVasive 34,926 followers LabVIEW Users 22,281 members ENSCO, Inc. 3,995 followers AR Glasses 8,191 members Averna 6,161 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sven has a account Sven Goossens Hardware Engineer at Intrinsic-ID Intrinsic-ID Eindhoven University of Technology Eindhoven Area, Netherlands 209 209 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: SDRAM Controllers, C++, Python, PHP, MySQL, VHDL, SystemC Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Intrinsic-ID Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Eindhoven Area, Netherlands PhD Candidate Company Name Eindhoven University of Technology Dates Employed Mar 2011 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Internship Company Name Sonics, Inc. Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Milpitas, CA, USA During the internship I worked on a configurable SystemC-based SDRAM controller model, capable of capturing the behavior of most contemporary SDRAM generations. Researcher Company Name Eindhoven University of Technology Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 9 mos Graduation project Company Name ST-Ericsson Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Jun 2010 Employment Duration 8 mos The project involved the creation of a hardware accelerator for Digital Front End processing on an SIMD processor. See more positions Education Eindhoven University of Technology Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2015 Technische Universiteit Eindhoven Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Embedded Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2010 Eindhoven University of Technology Degree Name Bsc Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements C++ See 18 endorsements for C++ 18 C++ Endorsed by 13 of Sven’s colleagues at Eindhoven University of Technology Endorsed by 9 people who know C++ Click and drag to reorder skills Electrical Engineering See 8 endorsements for Electrical Engineering 8 Electrical Engineering Endorsed by 5 of Sven’s colleagues at Eindhoven University of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills LaTeX See 7 endorsements for LaTeX 7 LaTeX Endorsed by Gert-Jan van den Braak, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Sven’s colleagues at Eindhoven University of Technology Click and drag to reorder skills View 10 more View 10 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Sven has 7 publications 7 Expand publications section Publications Memory Controllers for Mixed-Time-Criticality Systems Power/Performance Trade-offs in Real-Time SDRAM Command Scheduling Exploiting Expendable Process-Margins in DRAMs for Run-Time Performance Optimization A reconfigurable real-time SDRAM controller for mixed time-criticality systems The CompSOC design flow for virtual execution platforms Memory-Map Selection for Firm Real-Time Memory Controllers Conservative open-page policy for mixed time-criticality memory controllers Sven has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Dutch English Sven has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent SIMD Memory Circuit And Methodology To Support Upsampling, Downsampling And Transposition Interests Eindhoven University of Technology 67,412 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers Technische Universiteit Eindhoven 63,148 followers Intrinsic ID 695 followers
More Actions Ness has a account Ness Afsham, PhD Machine Learning/ Data Scientist Clarius Mobile Health The University of British Columbia Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Research scientist with strong mathematical background in the field of machine learning, image and signal processing, data analytics and statistical modeling. - Programming and algorithm development expertise in Python, C++, MATLAB.- 7 years of experience in medical imaging and interventional softwares and hardwares. - Sub-specialization in engineering management from Sauder Business School of UBC.- Strong leadership and organizational abilities, and demonstrated enthusiasm about designing innovative technologies.- Highly motivated to tackle complex problems and find optimal solutions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ness’ Activity 699 followers I'm looking for a social media freelancer to join me over at HELLO! Magazine. Know someone great? Shoot me a message and I'll give you all the details! Ness commented HelpHub for Institutions Ness liked You're not a Data Scientist Ness liked Latin America Territory Manager - Clarius Ness commented MICCAI 2017 Workshop on Point-of-Care Ultrasound: Algorithms, Hardware, and Applications Ness liked Attendease Raises Pre-Series A Investment Led By 500 Startups Canada Ness liked See all activity Experience Senior Research Scientist Company Name Clarius Mobile Health Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Burnaby, Canada Signal Processing Scientist Company Name Clarius Mobile Health Corp. Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Research Assistant Company Name The University of British Columbia Dates Employed 2009 – 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Vancouver, Canada Area Education The University of British Columbia Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2014 - Thesis: Speckle Tracking for 3D Freehand Ultrasound Reconstruction The University of British Columbia Degree Name Sub-specialization Field Of Study Engineering Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 University of Tehran Degree Name BSc and MSc, Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2009 - M.Sc. Thesis: Intravascular OCT Plaque Segmentation and Classification for Arteriosclerosis Diagnosis- B. Sc. Thesis: Vehicle Classification using Acoustic Signatures See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Signal Processing See 73 endorsements for Signal Processing 73 Signal Processing Endorsed by Hamid Palangi and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ness’ colleagues at Clarius Mobile Health Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 72 endorsements for Matlab 72 Matlab Endorsed by Hamid Palangi and 35 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ness’ colleagues at Clarius Mobile Health Click and drag to reorder skills Image Processing See 58 endorsements for Image Processing 58 Image Processing Endorsed by Zahra Karim-Aghaloo and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Ness’ colleagues at The University of British Columbia Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Kris Dickie Ultrasound Engineer March 18, 2017, Kris managed Ness directly Narges has almost singlehandedly made mobile ultrasound usable for the masses by researching, developing, and implementing impeccable algorithms that help push the boundary of what is possible on a handheld device. Without the expertise of Narges, modern handheld ultrasound would be far from where it is today. I highly recommend bringing Narges onto a team for projects that require a deep understanding of complex algorithms, as that is definitely her domain of expertise. It is with a heavy heart that I write this, as Narges has decided to pursue other opportunities, I wish her the best of luck in all of her future endeavours. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ness has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Women in Tech Fellowship Interests Kaggle 30,761 followers ClearVision Technologies, Inc. 171 followers GE Global Research 37,503 followers NovoEd 4,514 followers Coho Data 5,969 followers Mindray 21,923 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ben has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Ben Krasnow Sr. Staff Hardware Engineer at Verily (Google Life Sciences) Verily Life Sciences University of California, Santa Barbara San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I specialize in the design and construction of electromechanical prototypes. My core skillset includes electronic circuit design, PCB layout, mechanical design, machining, and sensor/actuator selection. This allows me to implement and test ideas for rapid evaluation or iteration. Much of the work that I did for my research devices business included a fast timeline, going from customer sketch to final product in less than a month. These products were used to collect data for peer-reviewed scientific papers, and I enjoyed working closely with the end user to solve their data collection challenges. I did similar work at Valve to quickly implement and test internal prototypes.Check out my youtube channel to see a sample of my personal projects:http://www.youtube.com/user/bkraz333Twitter:http://twitter.com/BenKrasnow See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr. Staff Hardware Engineer Company Name Verily Life Sciences Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Mountain View, CA Staff Hardware Engineer Company Name Verily Life Sciences Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Mountain View, CA Rapid prototyping Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed May 2014 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Mountain View, CA Rapid prototyping at Google Life Sciences. Hardware Engineer Company Name Valve corporation Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Bellevue, WA I helped create Valve's hardware division in late 2011. Valve was a software-only gaming company and sought expertise to launch a new venture in hardware. My responsibilities have included hiring, purchasing, choosing projects, budgeting, as well as hands-on work such machine tool operation, CNC programming, 3D modeling, circuit design, sensor integration and prototype design. My primary day-to-day work involves quickly building prototypes of consumer electronic devices using my skills as an electrical and mechanical engineer. I am very hands-on and prefer to iterate quickly on a design by building and testing in a short cycle. Media (5) This position has 5 media Previous Next PCB PCB This media is an image PCB PCB This media is an image Exploaded View Exploaded View This media is an image Exploaded View Exploaded View This media is an image PCB PCB This media is an image Mechanical and Electrical Engineer Company Name Mag Design and Engineering Dates Employed Mar 2003 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 8 yrs 11 mos Location Sunnyvalve, CA My business created prototypes and small production runs of MRI-compatible computer peripherals. These devices are used by brain researchers to allow human subjects to interact with a computer program while having their brains scanned by the MRI machine. I performed all duties necessary to run the business: accounting, marketing, electronic design, machining, CNC programming, customer relations, business development, optical engineering, research, testing and support, etc. Media (2) This position has 2 media Custom response pad for MRI research studies Custom response pad for MRI research studies This media is an image MRI-compatible eyetracker hardware MRI-compatible eyetracker hardware This media is an image See more positions Education University of California, Santa Barbara Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study mechanical engineering Grade Magna Cum Laude Volunteer Experience Teaching assistant Company Name Peninsula Family YMCA, Computer Clubhouse Dates volunteered Aug 2003 – Aug 2003 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education I volunteered at an after-school recreation center which focused on introducing kids to technology and computer use. Math tutor Company Name Bishop's Peak Elementary School Dates volunteered Nov 2001 – Nov 2001 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Education I helped small groups of students understand mathematics. Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics See 106 endorsements for Electronics 99+ Electronics Endorsed by David Kronstein and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ben’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Engineering See 81 endorsements for Engineering 81 Engineering Endorsed by Edward Owen and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Ben’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills R&D See 75 endorsements for R&D 75 R&D Yash Kudale and 74 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Ken McCall ☮ Technical Writer 🎺 ✍ 🎥 February 14, 2012, Ken worked with Ben but at different companies Ben's keen insights into our documentation have been extremely useful in helping us improve usability to our end users. His technical abilities combined with a pragmatic approach to problem solving are extraordinary. Chris White Chief Development Officer November 12, 2009, Chris managed Ben directly Unbelievably smart guy with an excellent work ethic.At the age of 17 (1998ish) Ben was running circles around the entire technical staff in our lab. He's a very capable and creative engineer and good friend. Roy Benjamin Principal Software Engineer at eBay April 2, 2011, Roy worked with Ben in the same group Roy always had a good understanding of which system architecture would work best among many proposed options. His ability to evaluate these options and give clear rationale for the decision was very helpful in weekly meetings. Accomplishments Ben has 6 projects 6 Expand projects section Projects Youtube Channel Cookie Perfection Machine Backscatter X-ray imaging system (airport body scanner) Homebuilt Scanning Electron Microscope Homebuilt liquid nitrogen generator Carbon fiber bridge-building competition Ben has 4 honors 4 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Albert G. Conrad Memorial Scholarship Harold J. & Mary E. Miller Scholarship Bausch and Lomb Science Award Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Award Ben has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Design project - Carbon fiber bridge design and construction Independent Study (Contact stress/loading in materials) Mechatronics Ben has 3 publications 3 Expand publications section Publications My Scanning Electron Microscope Various articles for the UCSB Daily Nexus Comparison of fMRI activation at 3 and 1.5 T during perceptual, cognitive, and affective processing. Ben has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Amateur radio license Ben has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Ergonomic Pointing Device Interests University of California, Santa Barbara 169,136 followers Valve corporation 100,998 followers TEAGUE 15,712 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers University of California, Santa Barbara 177,794 followers University of California, Santa Barbara Alumni Network 19,674 members See all See all following
More Actions parthibun has a account parthibun suki Senior Embedded hardware Engineer at Nike Nike University of Buenos Aires Portland, Oregon 43 43 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent 8Specializes in analog design and more specifically RF, RFIC, microwave design as well as strong PCB design and passive RF components and embedded passives for up to 20 GHz.Proficient with wireless communication networks in cellular and ad-hoc networks.Strong RF receiver system Design experience (LNA, VCO, Mixer and Power Amplifier).Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.Deep understanding of Transistor modeling and noise theory. As well as understanding of digital communication and DSP fundamentals.Verilog RTL expertise along with digital block design experience.Recognized for being detail oriented and for having strong technical, analytical and problem solving skills.Bachelors and Masters degree in Electronics Engineering.Canadian citizen. Can work for any US employer. Open to relocation.years of hardware-software experience in the fields of digital video/audio signal processing, image processing, and pattern recognition for embedded & desktop applications. Developed Video-Audio Watermarking IP for HD set-top boxes and HD/Blue-Ray DVD recorders/players. Developed embedded hardware-software for satellite/terrestrial set-top boxes (using DirectTV-DVB-ATSC transport layers, MPEG/H.264 ML@MP-HL@MP video layers and MPEG/AC3/AAC audio layers). Designed an interactive multi-media authoring system using MPEG/H.264 Video-Audio & JPEG for Desktop applications. Designed several industrial-security applications using high performance MPEG4 IP based security cameras. Designed a pattern recognition system for dimension analysis of miniature objects. Took from concept to design a bit-mapped on-screen-display processor, progressive scan processor and a multi-sync/geometry scan processor using an ARM6 embedded RISC core. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Embedded hardware Engineer Company Name Nike Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Portland, Oregon Area Participate in system design of our vehicle tracking & fleet management products, including key component selection, BOM & schematic creation, prototype bring-up, test and validation.Document hardware requirements & design specifications for M2M products and/or sub-systems.Design, develop and test PCBA for M2M products.Support design validation, regulatory compliance and field testing of M2M products.Release design files & documentation for pilot and production builds into ARAS system.Maintain & enhance existing products with new technology upgrades and features.Provide weekly status updates on project progress and issues to your supervisor.Provide technical support to manufacturing on production and/or field issues.The selected candidate will be responsible for the integration, testing, deployment and support of front end hardware and software systems and satellite dishes. Satellite work would include troubleshooting and working on satellite motors, feeds and LNAs for satellite's ranging in size from 3 meters to 13 meters. The engineer would also provide input to the design of the systems that control the satellites and would be involved in solving complex problems associated with both the satellite dishes and front end hardware and software system equipment. Work would also include designing, modifying and maintaining system drawings (cable drawings, rack drawings). Additionally, the engineer would be responsible for rack hardware installation of servers, equipment slides, mounting brackets, shelves, and cooling / heating devices with no oversight. Working autonomously, the engineer will design and fabricate hardware equipment and cables for the organization’s systems. Senior Embedded hardware Engineer Company Name Per Aarsleff A/S Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Medford, Oregon Area Identify and initiate investigations of production technologies, prototype and test solutions for product features, and design and validate production designs. Research materials and component technologies to evaluate development opportunities. Perform feature design and testing to meet program objectives. Perform test failure analysis and solution validation to complete successful product development. Detail part design and product documentation. Perform field failure analysis and solution evaluation for production product issues. Apply technical expertise to problem solving through product lifecycle. Provide cross-functional program integration support. Schedule and manage milestones, and lead project teams to adhere to timely delivery of products. Manage interaction with overseas resources. Mentor junior engineers in good design practice. Own the electrical, structural, and cosmetic sub-assembly of a home-based electronic consumer device with a high cosmetic requirement. Fabrication of the hardware components will include the use of drill presses, band saws, hammer drills and other free standing machinery. The selected candidate will procure the materials for and fabricate BNC, ENET, RF, Fiber Optic and data cables. The hardware engineer will PCS (3yr) to an ASIA/PACIFIC location. Embedded hardware Engineer Company Name Statoil Dates Employed Apr 2008 – May 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location beaverton The selected candidate will be responsible for the integration, testing, deployment and support of front end hardware and software systems and satellite dishes. Satellite work would include troubleshooting and working on satellite motors, feeds and LNAs for satellite's ranging in size from 3 meters to 13 meters. The engineer would also provide input to the design of the systems that control the satellites and would be involved in solving complex problems associated with both the satellite dishes and front end hardware and software system equipment. Work would also include designing, modifying and maintaining system drawings (cable drawings, rack drawings). Additionally, the engineer would be responsible for rack hardware installation of servers, equipment slides, mounting brackets, shelves, and cooling / heating devices with no oversight. Working autonomously, the engineer will design and fabricate hardware equipment and cables for the organization’s systems. Fabrication of the hardware components will include the use of drill presses, band saws, hammer drills and other free standing machinery. The selected candidate will procure the materials for and fabricate BNC, ENET, RF, Fiber Optic and data cables. The hardware engineer will PCS (3yr) to an ASIA/PACIFIC location.Contribute, as part of an enclosure or accessory team, to the mechanical design, development, and quality assurance of product features. Define processes and methods to improve team productivity. Identify and initiate investigations of production technologies, prototype and test solutions for product features, and design and validate production designs. Research materials and component technologies to evaluate development opportunities. Perform feature design and testing to meet program objectives. Perform test failure analysis and solution validation to complete successful product development. Detail part design and product documentation. Embedded hardware Engineer Company Name HCL Technologies Dates Employed Feb 2005 – Mar 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location uttraprathesh Collaborate with offshore tooling suppliers to review manufacturing requirements for sub-parts and components and resolve design and assembly issues in advance of production. Ensure mechanical design of sub-parts are optimized to meet product goals in industrial design, reliability, manufacturing, quality, and cost. Design and optimize plastic midframe and electrical PCB layout for final tooling in order to build, test, and iterate the design before final production. Participate in cross functional design review of subsystems with industrial, antenna, display, and reliability teams and implement feedback into final product design. Communicate technological risks of components or sub-systems to engineering teams. Work with small to medium-size core technologies and build robust methodologies and processes.The selected candidate will be responsible for the integration, testing, deployment and support of front end hardware and software systems and satellite dishes. Satellite work would include troubleshooting and working on satellite motors, feeds and LNAs for satellite's ranging in size from 3 meters to 13 meters. The engineer would also provide input to the design of the systems that control the satellites and would be involved in solving complex problems associated with both the satellite dishes and front end hardware and software system equipment. Education University of Buenos Aires Degree Name msc Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements JSP JSP No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Xilinx Xilinx No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills intel intel No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments parthibun has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Interests University of Buenos Aires 459,945 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers Nike 1,193,780 followers Universidad de Buenos Aires 441,765 followers
More Actions Scott has a account Scott Matics Director of Product Planning at Telestream LLC Telestream Inc. West Virginia University Institute of Technology Nevada City, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent As Director of Product Planning at Telestream, I am responsible for aligning multiple product lines with major and minor release roadmaps for our broadcast enterprise transcoding and workflow automation products.As a Product Manager, I am responsible for product evolvement, from market research to conception, and management of the product lifecycle to worldwide customers.My past experience includes various marketing management, sales and development positions, spanning the past twenty-eight years. Seventeen of those years I have been working on broadcast automation, robotic camera automation, and with cutting edge technologies for content multi-distribution for Internet and mobile initiatives.Specialties: Market Analysis, Product Development, Branding, Promotion, Bridging of Marcomm and Engineering Departments to initiate Market-focused product development See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Product Planning / Product Manager, Enterprise Products Company Name Telestream Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Nevada City, CA I am Director of Product Planning and Product Manager for Enterprise Products at Telestream, a company specializing in products that make it possible to get video content to any audience regardless of how it is created, distributed or viewed.The way content creators produce programming, and the way consumers view content is evolving quickly. My goal is to use my technical understanding of broadcast technologies, combined with my marketing experience in new media, to produce innovative products that make the processes involved in producing content more efficient, and the resultant content better engage and enrich the viewer.See the attached brochures for descriptions of the product lines that I manage at Telestream. Media (3) This position has 3 media Tempo Time Adjustment Tempo Time Adjustment This media is a document Post Producer Automated Content Assembly Engine for Telestream Vantage Post Producer Automated Content Assembly Engine for Telestream Vantage This media is a document TrafficManager Commercial / Advertisement Ingest and Processing System TrafficManager Commercial / Advertisement Ingest and Processing System This media is a document Section Manager Company Name SMPTE Sacramento Section Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Sacramento, California Area I volunteer as a Section Manager for the Sacramento Chapter of the Society of Motion Picture & Television Engineers.The document below is a paper I presented at the October, 2015 SMPTE Show in Hollywood, CA: Media (1) This position has 1 media Exploring New Technologies for Non-Destructive Adjustment of Running Times of File Based Content-Matics_Final_1501002 Exploring New Technologies for Non-Destructive Adjustment of Running Times of File Based Content-Matics_Final_1501002 This media is a document Senior Product Manager, Control Systems Company Name Grass Valley, a Belden Brand Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Grass Valley, CA At Grass Valley (Miranda) I was responsible for the successful planning, introduction and on-going support of control system products on a worldwide basis.My responsibilities included product life-cycle management of the segment-leading NV9000 Router Control System, comprised of enterprise-class control software and the industry's most advanced line of hardware and software-based control panels. Product Manager Company Name Grass Valley Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Nevada City, CA I was the product marketing manager for Ignite production automation, and for MediaFUSE and MediaFUSE FX automated content multi-distribution systems. Both of these platforms are hardware and software based products that automate the processes involved in producing live programming and re-purposing broadcast and file-based content for distribution to the Internet and to Mobile devices. I also managed the Grass Valley line of HDC broadcast robotic camera systems.I often spoke at industry events like the Ohio Association of Broadcasters: http://bit.ly/matics_1_pdf or the Broadcasters Clinic:http://bit.ly/matics_2_mp3 Marketing Manager Company Name ParkerVision Dates Employed Mar 1997 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 8 yrs 4 mos Location Jacksonville, Florida Area ParkerVision is a corporation that invented and developed advanced automation controls for broadcast and professional video production environments, and wireless communications technologies. Thomson acquired the video business in 2005 and integrated it into the Grass Valley group. My responsibilities included:• Development of marketing plan for promotional and advertising initiatives• Formulation and management of product marketing and communications budgets in accordance with company goals and directives• Management of marketing and communications department for the retail line of wireless networking products• Formulation of strategic product marketing and communications plans to meet the goals of the company President/CEO, and the VP of Marketing and Sales to whom I reported• Managed public relations processes for customer-facing PR initiatives• Worked with corporate PR personnel to formulate programs and materials for investor-facing PR programs See more positions Education West Virginia University Institute of Technology Field Of Study Degree in Electrical Engineering / Power Generation Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Streaming Media See 85 endorsements for Streaming Media 85 Streaming Media Endorsed by Ray Baldock and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Scott’s colleagues at Telestream Click and drag to reorder skills Product Marketing See 64 endorsements for Product Marketing 64 Product Marketing Endorsed by Don Thomas and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Scott’s colleagues at Telestream Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Video See 61 endorsements for Digital Video 61 Digital Video Endorsed by Ray Baldock and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Scott’s colleagues at Telestream Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (11) Heather MacPherson UAT Manager at Launch (Direct Technology) September 24, 2008, Heather was senior to Scott but didn’t manage directly Scott is an effective Product Manager who is in touch with both the technical aspects of his work as well as the people he manages. I could rely upon him to actively participate as a Core Team Member, providing critical information and then to follow up on time-sensitive action items. Scott was key in keeping the project moving forward.I enjoyed working with Scott, and recommend him as a key team member and Product Manager. Hector Rojas, MSEE, MBA Project Lead Systems Engineer at Alstom July 27, 2008, Hector worked with Scott in different groups Scott Matics is one of the most talented professional I have ever met. His forward thinking and detailed oriented approach translate into excellent products and solutions for the marketplace. He can easily take just an idea and develop that idea into a reality. Scott is also driven to get result without compromising quality. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Jeff Taplin Accounts Payable Clerk at Palen Music Center January 22, 2012, Scott was senior to Jeff but didn’t manage directly Jeff is a talented and smart technical trainer for complex software systems. I had the pleasure of working with Jeff on many projects for both small and large customers, and he always approached each project with enthusiasm and a desire to implement knowledge for our broadcast automation systems to the highest possible levels.I have known Jeff to be reliable, trustworthy, and professional in every aspect of his job. I am happy to provide my highest recommendation for Jeff, and can be personally contacted to provide it verbally at any time. Mark Gederman International Marketing and Corporate Branding Professional May 18, 2011, Scott worked with Mark in different groups I have had the pleasure of working with Mark for more than five years, and he was an invaluable part of our go-to-market and product promotion and marketing program management team.Mark is well organized, pays particular attention to the important details, and has a great ability to motivate others to keep schedules and deliverables on time.Whether it is keeping folks on track through the development of a product introduction program, or managing internal and external resources through creation of first-class marketing materials, Mark is one of the best people I have worked with. I am happy to give Mark my highest recommendation. View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Scott has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents Alignment Technique (for Robotic Broadcast Cameras) Technique for Automatically Tracking an Object Scott has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization SMPTE Interests HDTV Group 13,486 members TechinEDU (Technology in Education) 49,947 members Cloud Computing 463,106 members Live Video Streaming 11,836 members B2B Technology Marketing Community 123,703 members iptv 43,433 members See all See all following
More Actions Edward has a account Edward Sham Hardware Engineer Point Grey The University of British Columbia Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada 140 140 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Point Grey Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Electrical Engineer Company Name Verathon Inc., subsidiary of Roper Technologies, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Medical device design Electrical Engineer Company Name Norsat International Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos RF DesignSatellite Prototype Education The University of British Columbia Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements C++ See 5 endorsements for C++ 5 C++ Dr. Simon Chow MD MSc FRCSC FACS and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 4 endorsements for Testing 4 Testing Denis Londry and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C See 3 endorsements for C 3 C Dr. Simon Chow MD MSc FRCSC FACS and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The University of British Columbia 247,801 followers Point Grey (Now FLIR Systems) 2,457 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers Amazon 2,206,482 followers The University of British Columbia 263,322 followers Norsat International 1,313 followers
More Actions Yani has a account Yani su Senior Component Engineer ASUS National Tsing Hua University New Taipei City, Taiwan 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent ● Comprehensive knowledge of displays、touch sensors & touch ICs.● Extensive knowledge of developing verification environments and test equipment ● Experience of working with first tier brand customers and system integration● Ability to troubleshoot the problems arising in the design-in process● Programming : C、C++、Visual Basic、Visual C+、Matlab and eMbedded Visual Basic● CAD software : AutoCAD and Solidworks ● Optical simulation : Zemax、CodeV、ASAP、FullWAVE、GSolver、LightTool● Self-motivated and willing to learn● Able to work both independently or on a team See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Component Engineer Company Name ASUS Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Taipei City, Taiwan • Work closely with mechanical, electrical engineer & product management for the display and touch• Create detailed specifications in close cooperation with internal teams and vendors• Characterize touch screens ( both display and touch) for optical and electrical behavior.• Define and implement clear test plan to ensure quality and performance.• System integration issue debugging.• Supplier production audit and management Field Application Engineer Company Name HannStar Display Dates Employed Jun 2009 – May 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Taiwan ● Giving detail specifications of LCD products and provide latest standard solution to meet custmer's application including mobile phone, tablet, notebook, netbook and monitor ● Responsible for providing technical guidelines as well as support onsite debugging activities● Preparing required documentation including reports of reliability test, EMI test, quality assurance system,Incoming inspection standard, green product Education National Tsing Hua University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Grade GPA 3.98 Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Joined Micro Optics and Display System Lab and learned optics and Optoelectronics. Join a project of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) to study the behavior of light propagation in annealing process. In process which line width less than 20nm, light is considered as electromagnetic wave. The behavior in this condition is very different from their experience. Achieve better performance by adjusting the material and the structure of the device, Besides, optical pickups project with Industrial Technology Research Institute (ITRI) gives chances to build a system from simulation to lithography process in lab. Yuan Ze University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Grade GPA 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Financial officer of student association Biomedical projects with National Taiwan university hospital. Programming in visual basic and embedded visual basic to collect information in Personal digital Assistant (PDA) and uploaded into a database. Doctors can analyze the data immediately by retrieving the data of PCA with a PDA. Featured Skills & Endorsements LCD LCD No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Consumer Products Consumer Products No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service Customer Service No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Yani has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Yani has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Off-Axis Astigmatic Reflector for Compact Optical Pickup Interests National Tsing Hua University 21,833 followers 國立清華大學 20,394 followers General Cable 62,668 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers Yuan-Ze University 8,566 followers ASUS 92,417 followers See all See all following
More Actions Scott has a account Scott Matics Director of Product Planning at Telestream LLC Telestream Inc. West Virginia University Institute of Technology Nevada City, California 500+ 500+ connections As Director of Product Planning at Telestream, I am responsible for aligning multiple product lines with major and minor release roadmaps for our broadcast enterprise transcoding and workflow automation products.As a Product Manager, I am responsible for product evolvement, from market research to conception, and management of the product lifecycle to worldwide customers.My past experience includes various marketing management, sales and development positions, spanning the past twenty-eight years. Seventeen of those years I have been working on broadcast automation, robotic camera automation, and with cutting edge technologies for content multi-distribution for Internet and mobile initiatives.Specialties: Market Analysis, Product Development, Branding, Promotion, Bridging of Marcomm and Engineering Departments to initiate Market-focused product development See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Product Planning / Product Manager, Enterprise Products Company Name Telestream Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Nevada City, CA I am Director of Product Planning and Product Manager for Enterprise Products at Telestream, a company specializing in products that make it possible to get video content to any audience regardless of how it is created, distributed or viewed.The way content creators produce programming, and the way consumers view content is evolving quickly. My goal is to use my technical understanding of broadcast technologies, combined with my marketing experience in new media, to produce innovative products that make the processes involved in producing content more efficient, and the resultant content better engage and enrich the viewer.See the attached brochures for descriptions of the product lines that I manage at Telestream. Media (3) This position has 3 media Tempo Time Adjustment Tempo Time Adjustment This media is a document Post Producer Automated Content Assembly Engine for Telestream Vantage Post Producer Automated Content Assembly Engine for Telestream Vantage This media is a document TrafficManager Commercial / Advertisement Ingest and Processing System TrafficManager Commercial / Advertisement Ingest and Processing System This media is a document Section Manager Company Name SMPTE Sacramento Section Dates Employed Aug 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Sacramento, California Area I volunteer as a Section Manager for the Sacramento Chapter of the Society of Motion Picture & Television Engineers.The document below is a paper I presented at the October, 2015 SMPTE Show in Hollywood, CA: Media (1) This position has 1 media Exploring New Technologies for Non-Destructive Adjustment of Running Times of File Based Content-Matics_Final_1501002 Exploring New Technologies for Non-Destructive Adjustment of Running Times of File Based Content-Matics_Final_1501002 This media is a document Senior Product Manager, Control Systems Company Name Grass Valley, a Belden Brand Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Jan 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Grass Valley, CA At Grass Valley (Miranda) I was responsible for the successful planning, introduction and on-going support of control system products on a worldwide basis.My responsibilities included product life-cycle management of the segment-leading NV9000 Router Control System, comprised of enterprise-class control software and the industry's most advanced line of hardware and software-based control panels. Product Manager Company Name Grass Valley Dates Employed Jun 2005 – Mar 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Location Nevada City, CA I was the product marketing manager for Ignite production automation, and for MediaFUSE and MediaFUSE FX automated content multi-distribution systems. Both of these platforms are hardware and software based products that automate the processes involved in producing live programming and re-purposing broadcast and file-based content for distribution to the Internet and to Mobile devices. I also managed the Grass Valley line of HDC broadcast robotic camera systems.I often spoke at industry events like the Ohio Association of Broadcasters: http://bit.ly/matics_1_pdf or the Broadcasters Clinic:http://bit.ly/matics_2_mp3 Marketing Manager Company Name ParkerVision Dates Employed Mar 1997 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 8 yrs 4 mos Location Jacksonville, Florida Area ParkerVision is a corporation that invented and developed advanced automation controls for broadcast and professional video production environments, and wireless communications technologies. Thomson acquired the video business in 2005 and integrated it into the Grass Valley group. My responsibilities included:• Development of marketing plan for promotional and advertising initiatives• Formulation and management of product marketing and communications budgets in accordance with company goals and directives• Management of marketing and communications department for the retail line of wireless networking products• Formulation of strategic product marketing and communications plans to meet the goals of the company President/CEO, and the VP of Marketing and Sales to whom I reported• Managed public relations processes for customer-facing PR initiatives• Worked with corporate PR personnel to formulate programs and materials for investor-facing PR programs See more positions Education West Virginia University Institute of Technology Field Of Study Degree in Electrical Engineering / Power Generation Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements Streaming Media See 85 endorsements for Streaming Media 85 Streaming Media Endorsed by Ray Baldock and 15 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Scott’s colleagues at Telestream Click and drag to reorder skills Product Marketing See 64 endorsements for Product Marketing 64 Product Marketing Endorsed by Don Thomas and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Scott’s colleagues at Telestream Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Video See 61 endorsements for Digital Video 61 Digital Video Endorsed by Ray Baldock and 14 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Scott’s colleagues at Telestream Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (11) Heather MacPherson UAT Manager at Launch (Direct Technology) September 24, 2008, Heather was senior to Scott but didn’t manage directly Scott is an effective Product Manager who is in touch with both the technical aspects of his work as well as the people he manages. I could rely upon him to actively participate as a Core Team Member, providing critical information and then to follow up on time-sensitive action items. Scott was key in keeping the project moving forward.I enjoyed working with Scott, and recommend him as a key team member and Product Manager. Hector Rojas, MSEE, MBA Project Lead Systems Engineer at Alstom July 27, 2008, Hector worked with Scott in different groups Scott Matics is one of the most talented professional I have ever met. His forward thinking and detailed oriented approach translate into excellent products and solutions for the marketplace. He can easily take just an idea and develop that idea into a reality. Scott is also driven to get result without compromising quality. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Jeff Taplin Accounts Payable Clerk at Palen Music Center January 22, 2012, Scott was senior to Jeff but didn’t manage directly Jeff is a talented and smart technical trainer for complex software systems. I had the pleasure of working with Jeff on many projects for both small and large customers, and he always approached each project with enthusiasm and a desire to implement knowledge for our broadcast automation systems to the highest possible levels.I have known Jeff to be reliable, trustworthy, and professional in every aspect of his job. I am happy to provide my highest recommendation for Jeff, and can be personally contacted to provide it verbally at any time. Mark Gederman International Marketing and Corporate Branding Professional May 18, 2011, Scott worked with Mark in different groups I have had the pleasure of working with Mark for more than five years, and he was an invaluable part of our go-to-market and product promotion and marketing program management team.Mark is well organized, pays particular attention to the important details, and has a great ability to motivate others to keep schedules and deliverables on time.Whether it is keeping folks on track through the development of a product introduction program, or managing internal and external resources through creation of first-class marketing materials, Mark is one of the best people I have worked with. I am happy to give Mark my highest recommendation. View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Scott has 2 patents 2 Expand patents section Patents Alignment Technique (for Robotic Broadcast Cameras) Technique for Automatically Tracking an Object Scott has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization SMPTE Interests Streaming Media Professionals 27,464 members OTT (Over the Top) VIDEO 24,631 members CDN Industry 13,247 members Cloud Computing 463,106 members West Virginia University Institute of Technology 19,747 followers TEGNA 6,373 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ness has a account Ness Afsham, PhD Machine Learning/ Data Scientist Clarius Mobile Health The University of British Columbia Canada 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Research scientist with strong mathematical background in the field of machine learning, image and signal processing, data analytics and statistical modeling. - Programming and algorithm development expertise in Python, C++, MATLAB.- 7 years of experience in medical imaging and interventional softwares and hardwares. - Sub-specialization in engineering management from Sauder Business School of UBC.- Strong leadership and organizational abilities, and demonstrated enthusiasm about designing innovative technologies.- Highly motivated to tackle complex problems and find optimal solutions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Ness’ Activity 699 followers I'm looking for a social media freelancer to join me over at HELLO! Magazine. Know someone great? Shoot me a message and I'll give you all the details! Ness commented HelpHub for Institutions Ness liked You're not a Data Scientist Ness liked Latin America Territory Manager - Clarius Ness commented MICCAI 2017 Workshop on Point-of-Care Ultrasound: Algorithms, Hardware, and Applications Ness liked Attendease Raises Pre-Series A Investment Led By 500 Startups Canada Ness liked See all activity Experience Senior Research Scientist Company Name Clarius Mobile Health Dates Employed Jun 2016 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Burnaby, Canada Signal Processing Scientist Company Name Clarius Mobile Health Corp. Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Research Assistant Company Name The University of British Columbia Dates Employed 2009 – 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Vancouver, Canada Area Education The University of British Columbia Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2014 - Thesis: Speckle Tracking for 3D Freehand Ultrasound Reconstruction The University of British Columbia Degree Name Sub-specialization Field Of Study Engineering Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 University of Tehran Degree Name BSc and MSc, Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2009 - M.Sc. Thesis: Intravascular OCT Plaque Segmentation and Classification for Arteriosclerosis Diagnosis- B. Sc. Thesis: Vehicle Classification using Acoustic Signatures See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Signal Processing See 73 endorsements for Signal Processing 73 Signal Processing Endorsed by Hamid Palangi and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ness’ colleagues at Clarius Mobile Health Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 72 endorsements for Matlab 72 Matlab Endorsed by Hamid Palangi and 35 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ness’ colleagues at Clarius Mobile Health Click and drag to reorder skills Image Processing See 58 endorsements for Image Processing 58 Image Processing Endorsed by Zahra Karim-Aghaloo and 9 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 21 of Ness’ colleagues at The University of British Columbia Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Kris Dickie Ultrasound Engineer March 18, 2017, Kris managed Ness directly Narges has almost singlehandedly made mobile ultrasound usable for the masses by researching, developing, and implementing impeccable algorithms that help push the boundary of what is possible on a handheld device. Without the expertise of Narges, modern handheld ultrasound would be far from where it is today. I highly recommend bringing Narges onto a team for projects that require a deep understanding of complex algorithms, as that is definitely her domain of expertise. It is with a heavy heart that I write this, as Narges has decided to pursue other opportunities, I wish her the best of luck in all of her future endeavours. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ness has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Women in Tech Fellowship Interests McKesson 174,224 followers BC Cancer Agency 4,997 followers Intel Software 3,605 followers Embedded Vision Alliance 1,529 members Chirp Microsystems, Inc. 250 followers LinkedIn Learning Solutions 144,335 followers See all See all following
More Actions Edward has a account Edward Sham Hardware Engineer Point Grey The University of British Columbia Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada 140 140 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Point Grey Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Electrical Engineer Company Name Verathon Inc., subsidiary of Roper Technologies, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Sep 2013 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Medical device design Electrical Engineer Company Name Norsat International Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos RF DesignSatellite Prototype Education The University of British Columbia Degree Name Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements C++ See 5 endorsements for C++ 5 C++ Dr. Simon Chow MD MSc FRCSC FACS and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 4 endorsements for Testing 4 Testing Denis Londry and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C See 3 endorsements for C 3 C Dr. Simon Chow MD MSc FRCSC FACS and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 12 more View 12 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Point Grey (Now FLIR Systems) 2,457 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers The University of British Columbia 263,322 followers Norsat International 1,313 followers The University of British Columbia 247,810 followers Amazon 2,206,490 followers
More Actions Jared has a account Jared Boothe Senior Hardware Engineer at National Instruments National Instruments Brigham Young University Cedar Park, Texas 94 94 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name National Instruments Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Staff Hardware Engineer Company Name National Instruments Dates Employed May 2013 – Aug 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Staff Project Engineer Company Name National Instruments Dates Employed Jul 2012 – May 2013 Employment Duration 11 mos Digital Hardware Engineer Company Name National Instruments Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Applications Engineer Company Name National Instruments Dates Employed Feb 2008 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos See more positions Education Brigham Young University Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 University of Utah Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2004 DeVry University Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements VHDL See 5 endorsements for VHDL 5 VHDL Steve Karcher and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills FPGA See 3 endorsements for FPGA 3 FPGA Jason Dudley and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills NI LabVIEW See 2 endorsements for NI LabVIEW 2 NI LabVIEW Mehak Dinesh and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,221 followers National Instruments 80,145 followers
More Actions David has a account David Dashevsky Sensing System Engineer at Apple Apple Case Western Reserve University San Francisco Bay Area 68 68 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Sensing System Hardware Engineer Company Name Apple Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Cupertino, CA Biomedical Engineer Company Name Orbital Research Inc. Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Lead Biomedical Engineering Intern Company Name Orbital Research Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jun 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Undergraduate/Graduate Research Assistant Company Name Case Western Reserve University Neural Engineering Center Dates Employed Sep 2007 – May 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Biomedical Engineering Intern Company Name MindChild Medical Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Education Case Western Reserve University Degree Name Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study Engineering Physics/Applied Physics Case Western Reserve University Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Biomedical/Medical Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Analysis See 2 endorsements for Data Analysis 2 Data Analysis Luis Gonzalez-Reyes and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 3 endorsements for Matlab 3 Matlab Adam Wilson and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Exploratory Data Analysis Exploratory Data Analysis No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments David has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Russian Spanish David has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Dayton C. Miller award for best undergraduate thesis in physics Interests Orbital Research Inc. 265 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers Medical Device Engineers Network 45,003 members Case Western Reserve University Alumni 3,453 members BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING 28,865 members Case Western Reserve University 66,393 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yani has a account Yani su Senior Component Engineer ASUS National Tsing Hua University New Taipei City, Taiwan 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent ● Comprehensive knowledge of displays、touch sensors & touch ICs.● Extensive knowledge of developing verification environments and test equipment ● Experience of working with first tier brand customers and system integration● Ability to troubleshoot the problems arising in the design-in process● Programming : C、C++、Visual Basic、Visual C+、Matlab and eMbedded Visual Basic● CAD software : AutoCAD and Solidworks ● Optical simulation : Zemax、CodeV、ASAP、FullWAVE、GSolver、LightTool● Self-motivated and willing to learn● Able to work both independently or on a team See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Component Engineer Company Name ASUS Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Taipei City, Taiwan • Work closely with mechanical, electrical engineer & product management for the display and touch• Create detailed specifications in close cooperation with internal teams and vendors• Characterize touch screens ( both display and touch) for optical and electrical behavior.• Define and implement clear test plan to ensure quality and performance.• System integration issue debugging.• Supplier production audit and management Field Application Engineer Company Name HannStar Display Dates Employed Jun 2009 – May 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Taiwan ● Giving detail specifications of LCD products and provide latest standard solution to meet custmer's application including mobile phone, tablet, notebook, netbook and monitor ● Responsible for providing technical guidelines as well as support onsite debugging activities● Preparing required documentation including reports of reliability test, EMI test, quality assurance system,Incoming inspection standard, green product Education National Tsing Hua University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Grade GPA 3.98 Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 Joined Micro Optics and Display System Lab and learned optics and Optoelectronics. Join a project of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) to study the behavior of light propagation in annealing process. In process which line width less than 20nm, light is considered as electromagnetic wave. The behavior in this condition is very different from their experience. Achieve better performance by adjusting the material and the structure of the device, Besides, optical pickups project with Industrial Technology Research Institute (ITRI) gives chances to build a system from simulation to lithography process in lab. Yuan Ze University Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Grade GPA 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Financial officer of student association Biomedical projects with National Taiwan university hospital. Programming in visual basic and embedded visual basic to collect information in Personal digital Assistant (PDA) and uploaded into a database. Doctors can analyze the data immediately by retrieving the data of PCA with a PDA. Featured Skills & Endorsements LCD LCD No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Consumer Products Consumer Products No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Customer Service Customer Service No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Yani has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Yani has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Off-Axis Astigmatic Reflector for Compact Optical Pickup Interests National Tsing Hua University 21,833 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers General Cable 62,668 followers Yuan-Ze University 8,566 followers 國立清華大學 20,394 followers 元智大學 7,414 followers See all See all following
More Actions Corrado has a account Corrado Baldassi Project Engineering Manager - System Engineer presso Finmeccanica Leonardo Università degli Studi di Trieste Trieste Area, Italy 398 398 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Started as software designer/developer, currently I work as System Engineer of the Instructor Operating Stations and Flight Simulators Architecture..Past experiences were made in the fiscal/real estates accounting software industry.Good experience in Database Analysis and Design with Sybase SQL Anywhere and MySql.Languages: C++, Delphi, Visual Basic.Customer management skills and Software products presentation/users training courses teacher skills.Specialties: Requirements Analysis Simulation System DesignSoftware DesignDatabase Analysis/DesignSoftware DevelopingSoftware/System Integration and TestingTechnical Documentation WritingPresentationsSoftware Users Training Courses Teaching See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Project Engineering Manager - System Engineer Company Name Leonardo Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 5 mos Location Ronchi dei Legionari Design and implementation of networked/distributed training simulation systems for military manned/unmanned vehicles. Coordination of system design and hardware and software development, testing, integration, deployment and enter in service. Systems Engineer Company Name SELEX ES S.p.A. Dates Employed Apr 2002 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 2 mos Requirement Analysis, Engineering and Management, System Design, Design Documents Production, Presentation Production, Testing, Validation Project Engineering Manager Company Name Selex ES Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Ronchi dei Legionari Design and implementation of training simulation systems for military manned/unmanned vehicles. Coordination of system design and hardware and software development, testing, integration, deployment and enter in service. engineer Company Name selex galileo Dates Employed 2002 – 2008 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location Ronchi dei Legionari Requirement Analysis, Engineering and Management, System Design, Design Documents Production, Presentation Production, Testing, Validation Project Manager Company Name Softime Snc Dates Employed Apr 1999 – Apr 2002 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Customer Management, Product Management, Product Marketing Management, System Design, System Development, System Testing, User Courses See more positions Education Università degli Studi di Trieste Degree Name Diploma della Scuola Diretta a Fini Speciali in Informatica Field Of Study Facoltà di Ingegneria Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 I.T.C. Gian Rinaldo Carli Degree Name College Field Of Study Economics Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1988 Volunteer Experience Aiutante Company Name ex OPP Trieste Dates volunteered Sep 1993 – Oct 1993 Volunteer duration 2 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements System Design See 20 endorsements for System Design 20 System Design Stefano Conte and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Requirements Analysis See 19 endorsements for Requirements Analysis 19 Requirements Analysis Endorsed by 8 of Corrado’s colleagues at Leonardo Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 17 endorsements for Testing 17 Testing Endorsed by 7 of Corrado’s colleagues at Leonardo Click and drag to reorder skills View 45 more View 45 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Andrea Fumagalli System Engineer at ACMA March 25, 2008, Andrea worked with Corrado in different groups Corrado has ever a good overall comprehension of the system he is working on and, in the meanwhile, he is able to go deep in details for simulation fidelity. He is definitely a good team worker and he is a focal point for his matters. For sure a team building person. Andrea Fumagalli System Engineer at ACMA March 25, 2008, Corrado worked with Andrea in different groups In the 5 years we have worked in separate teams on the same project, I've learned to respect and appreciate the Andrea's great professionalism and knowledge. I consider a privilege knowing him both from work and human points of view. Accomplishments Corrado has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Giving Clear Technical Explanations and Negotiations Introduction to Flight Simulation (in conjunction with the Royal Aeronautical Society) Cranfield University UK Requirements Management Corrado has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Inglese Interests Pipistrel d.o.o. 306 followers Flight Simulation 11,538 members Aviation Jobs 236,592 members Università degli Studi di Trieste 35,095 followers Leonardo 61,220 followers Eurofighter Simulation Systems 81 members See all See all following
More Actions Josh has a account Josh Pointer Principal PM Manager at Microsoft Microsoft Illinois State University Greater Denver Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Versatile product and engineering leader with 14 + years’ experience defining and building software and services - Proven track record of shipping high value customer products that are reliable, scalable (over 70 million users) and highly profitable (over half a billion dollars in annual revenue) - Passion for building and growing world-class engineering talent - Experienced in all phases of product/program management: strategy, scoping, specification, prioritization, competitive analysis, messaging, go-to market planning, customer/partner/field /community engagement, training and analyst relations - Leader in all phases of technical engineering execution including: scheduling, design, prototyping, coding, quality and stabilizationSpecialties: - Software Development: program management, project management, technical software strategy, service design, management, customer focused design, scenario focused engineering and public speaking (keynote, 4000 attendees and technical, 400 attendees) See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Principal PM Manager Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 3 mos Location Greater Denver Area Lead the Data Science team for Windows Intune (8+ engineers) to deliver business actionable business insights to the team. Create goals, metrics and measures for the team. Group Engineering Manager / General Manager Company Name Uber Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Boulder, Colorado As the General Manager for Uber ATC Boulder, CO (50+). I am responsible for all program / engineering activities. Focused on improving maps (via custom hardware, computer vision & machine learning) to help make the Uber experience better for both riders and drivers. Principal Group Program Manager / General Manager Company Name Microsoft - Bing Maps Imagery Dates Employed Oct 2014 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Boulder, Colorado Bing MapsWorked on the Bing Maps Imagery Team building imagery and data products that are visible via maps.bing.com and the Windows Map Apps.As the general manager for the Boulder engineer team I was responsible for the engineering, operations and support for the production of Aerial, 3D, Streetside as well as map improvement technologies build on Computer Vision and Machine learning at scale. Principal Group Program Manager Company Name Microsoft - System Center Configuration Manager / Windows Intune Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Oct 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater Denver Area Manage a team (20+) of Technical Program Manager who design and drive the implementation of both System Center Configuration Manager and Windows Intune. Responsibilities include creating new product and customer strategies, sustaining existing products, developing engineering functional specifications, operation of the live service, deployment of new services, overall architecture of the service, determine staffing / resource needs for projects and overseeing project management within cross-functional environments. Windows Azure native service planning, implementation & operations. Media (1) This position has 1 media Josh Pointer talks about Empowering the User with SCCM 2012 Beta 2 Josh Pointer talks about Empowering the User with SCCM 2012 Beta 2 This media is a link Principal Group Program Manager Company Name Microsoft - Windows Intune Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Greater Denver Area Manage a team (15+) of Technical Program Managers who design and drive the implementation and release of Windows Intune, an incubation / startup cloud service for device management. Responsibilities include creating new product and customer strategies, sustaining existing products, develop engineering functional specifications, determining staffing / resource needs for projects and overseeing project management within cross-functional environments. See more positions Education Illinois State University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Delta Sigma Phi Riverton High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1991 Activities and Societies: Student Government,Band Featured Skills & Endorsements Cloud Computing See 49 endorsements for Cloud Computing 49 Cloud Computing Endorsed by Sergio Klarreich and 12 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 38 of Josh’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Enterprise Software See 35 endorsements for Enterprise Software 35 Enterprise Software Endorsed by Sergio Klarreich and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 26 of Josh’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Software Development See 27 endorsements for Software Development 27 Software Development Endorsed by Steve Burns and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 22 of Josh’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Nilesh Bhide PhD (Comp Sc.), MBA, Principal PM, AI Product Management, Bing Search Relevance and AI Products, Microsoft Corporation January 24, 2014, Josh managed Nilesh directly Nilesh is a detail oriented manager. I know I can give him massive pieces of work and he would lock it all down into something sensible that can be acted on. He also has a keen sense for practical engineering which makes him very valuable on any project of complexity. I enjoy working with Nilesh every day and he has a track record of flawless execution. Dan Conley Senior Program Manager, Windows Phone November 5, 2009, Dan worked with Josh in the same group Dan Conley is one of the most genuine people I have ever worked with. He is very diligent about the things he owns and always tries his best to deliver on the highest quality within the allotted time. Dan is a solid engineering resource and great with customer skills. Accomplishments Josh has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Organization System for Distributed Items Josh has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Windows Intune Interests Pulse 1,535,221 followers Illinois State University 123,366 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,598,560 followers Colorado Technology Association Community 8,291 members New Tech (BDNT) Colorado 8,411 members Cloud Computing 463,107 members See all See all following
More Actions Mark A. has a account Mark A. Shaw Principal Hardware Engineer Manager, Azure CSI, Microsoft Microsoft University of Arkansas Redmond, Washington 281 281 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Manager Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Location Redmond Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Convey Computer Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Richardson, TX Designed, integrated, and tested components for multiple generations of Convey's Hybrid Core Computer. Key areas of contribution included:- Test, Integration, and optimization of DDR2 memory subsytem.- Design and test of Gen 2/3 PCIe Mezzanine Card.- Design and test of two custom DDR3 DIMMs. - Firmware development (C) for integration and mfg test of system components.- Verilog development for CPLDs. Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Hewlett Packard Dates Employed Jul 2000 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 9 yrs 4 mos Location Richards, TX - Hardware lead for multiple generation of PA-Risc, Intel IA64 and Intel X86 based motherboards for the Superdome class servers. Responsible for documentation, detailed design, design validation, and integration. Experienced leading a team of engineers and managing the interfaces required for a large scale design across multiple geographies.- Responsible for design of management subsystem components including exposure to ARM and PPC processors.- Responsible for design and verification of programmable devices including Xilinx Spartan III and Lattice/Altera CPLDs.- Hardware lead for management of outsourced deisng including generation of specifications and review of design content. Field Applications Engineer Company Name Zilog Inc. Dates Employed 1998 – 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Dallas, TX - Responsible for technical and sales support for product line of microcontrollers, microprocessors, and digital signal processors. Job function included customer and sales support, technical raining, and generation of application note designs. Hardware Engineer Company Name Texas Instruments / Raytheon Dates Employed 1989 – 1997 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Dallas - Responsible for documentation, design, and test of subsystem components for thermal imaging defense systems including multiple generations of DSP controller boards, video gain and level control, and frame integration. - Architected, designed, and tested PCA designs utilizing DSP technology as well as programmable devices from Xilinx, Altera, and Lattice. Education University of Arkansas Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Debugging See 23 endorsements for Debugging 23 Debugging Endorsed by Jack Lavier P.E. and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mark A.’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 21 endorsements for Verilog 21 Verilog Endorsed by 4 of Mark A.’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 19 endorsements for Embedded Systems 19 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Jack Lavier P.E. and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Mark A.’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Mike Andrewartha Principal Hardware Engineering Manager January 24, 2013, Mark A. worked with Mike in the same group Mark is a disciplined engineer who succeeds through a balanced combination of attention to detail and innovative ideas. He is highly productive in all phases of the project from concept, through implementation and lab debug. He is always willing to do whatever is needed to get the job done and is a pleasure to work with. Keith Mowery Vice President of Controls Engineering at Lennox International December 20, 2007, Mark A. worked with Keith in the same group Mark is a very detailed hardware engineer. He is very enthusiastic and hardworking. I would overwhelmingly recommend Mark Shaw to any company trying to hire him as a hardware engineer.Keith Mowery Kelley Dobelstein Sr. Hardware Engineer - Azure Cloud HW Engineering May 31, 2016, Mark A. managed Kelley directly Outstanding design engineer versed in all aspects of PCB design. Kelley has the kind of design rigor that only comes from considerable experience designing complex innovative hardware. Is also a contributor to a fun work environment and a great mentor for our less experienced engineers. Kelley's designs simply work and I have yet to see a rework wire. Accomplishments Interests Microsoft 3,687,366 followers Electrical Engineer 81,173 members University of Arkansas 98,202 followers Pulse 1,535,221 followers Convey Computer 560 followers University of Arkansas 107,197 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a premium account Click to upgrade to Premium John Strange Helping Enterprise with Cloud Infrastructure Microsoft University of Wisconsin-Green Bay Green Bay, Wisconsin 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Welcome, and thank you for stopping by!Please let me introduce myself. My name is John Strange. I am an active, driven person that no matter what the obstacle, I am determined to figure out what is needed to get the task done. I believe the more you experience in life and connect with others, the more you live life.A personal passion of mine has been high altitude climbing with my father and son which has taught me the importance of gaining life experiences. As you are suffering physically and emotionally, it is resilience and determination that offers the reward. Taking these characteristics into my professional career has led to an endless pursuit of knowledge and strong desire to help others.In my new position as a cloud solutions specialist at Microsoft, it has taken my traditional thinking of Enterprise technology to the next level. Learning how organizations are transforming their business with Microsoft Azure is truly the next thing.Please reach out to me if you wish to connect, exchange thoughts, or have questions about my fields of work: jostran@microsoft.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Cloud Infrastructure Solutions Specialist Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Present Employment Duration 11 mos Responsible for helping customers leverage Microsoft hybrid management tools to manage any OS in any cloud. Helping enterprises transform their workloads to the cloud with Microsoft Azure. Media (1) This position has 1 media Operations Management Suite | Microsoft Operations Management Suite | Microsoft This media is a link Owner Company Name Strange Consulting, LLC Dates Employed Sep 2001 – Present Employment Duration 15 yrs 9 mos Location Green Bay, Wisconsin Area Started many years ago to help friends and family with their small business technology. vCIO Company Name Remote Operations Company Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Green Bay, Wisconsin Area Responsible for helping organizations stabilize their IT infrastructure and technical sales. Cloud Solutions Architect and Senior Cloud Services Engineer Company Name Skyline Technologies Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Green Bay, Wisconsin Area Responsible for implementation and technical sales of Microsoft Azure services. CIO Company Name Trilliant Food, Beverage & Nutrition Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Little Chute, WI Responsible for all IT infrastructure and the Dynamics AX ERP system including design and implementation. See more positions Education University of Wisconsin-Green Bay Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Spanish Language and Literature Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1995 Activities and Societies: Travel Abroad: Mexico, Spain, Africa, Guatemala, Honduras, and Argentina Graduated with a BA in Spanish and a minor in Environmental Science. Volunteer Experience Cleanup Crew Company Name Camp Manito-wish YMCA Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Virtualization See 104 endorsements for Virtualization 99+ Virtualization Endorsed by Christopher Kusek and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of John’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills VMware See 81 endorsements for VMware 81 VMware Endorsed by Matthew Leib - vExpert, vExpertNSX EMCElect and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of John’s colleagues at Skyline Technologies Click and drag to reorder skills Active Directory See 61 endorsements for Active Directory 61 Active Directory Endorsed by John Conway and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of John’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 25 more View 25 more skills Recommendations Received (11) Given (6) Jesse Garcia Managing Architect - Enterprise Mobility + Security, Configuration Manager, Device Management April 25, 2016, John worked with Jesse in the same group John is somebody you want on your team. He has the intelligence to succeed at anything he puts his mind to. It just so happens that area of passion is with technology. John will not just learn a technology but will jump in and own it as an expert in short order. I love that John is so even keeled under pressure also. I hope to work with John again in the future! MaryAnn Hand Senior Software Developer January 27, 2015, MaryAnn worked with John but at different companies John has taken every Dynamics AX 2012 Technical course for which I was the instructor. These are IDs and titles of the Microsoft Official Courseware which he has taken and mastered the content via hands-on lab work using Ax 2012 R3 Environment:1) 80221 Installation & Configuration (I called it Administration)2) 80303 Development I3) 80304 Development II4) 80312 Development III5) 80313 Development IV6) 80318 Reporting7) 80307 Enterprise Portal8) 80416 Application Integration Framework (he is currently enrolled).He would make an excellent member of a technical team supporting Microsoft Dynamics AX.Mary Ann Hand2) 80428 SQL Optimizationfor Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 View 9 more recommendations View 9 more recommendations recommendations Jesse Garcia Managing Architect - Enterprise Mobility + Security, Configuration Manager, Device Management May 7, 2016, Jesse worked with John in the same group Jesse is one of those IT professionals that gets solving business problems by implementing Microsoft technologies. He has won many customers over in his presentation and customer focus skills and most recently by talking about the benefits of cloud technologies such as Intune. Jesse has years of knowledge implementing Microsoft EUC technologies. Adam Shepherd Senior Server Administrator at Bellin Health March 18, 2012, John managed Adam directly I have had the opportunity to see Adam grow from Help Desk support to a Systems Administrator. He has demonstrated the ability to take complex business issues and solve them with the right technology. Adam excels at the design and administration of SharePoint 2010, System Center Configuration Manager, System Center Operations Manager, and Microsoft Active Directory to name a few. Recently Adam has been the lead on redesigning a SharePoint 2010 intranet using primarily out of the box components. He is proficient at SharePoint designer as well as PowerShell management of SharePoint. I know I can always count on Adam to get the job done while understanding the root cause of any issue. He understands the importance of keeping systems up to date and healthy. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments John has 5 certifications 5 Expand certifications section Certifications Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert: Productivity Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert: Messaging MCSA: Office 365 MS: Implementing Microsoft Azure Infrastructure Solutions CISSP John has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Spanish John has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project ERP migration from AX 3.0 to Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 R2 Interests Clef 249 followers nGenx Corporation 2,622 followers Canadian IT Professional Connection - #CANITPRO 1,086 members Fpweb.net 2,034 followers VDI User Group 8,253 members Bottomline Technologies 8,315 followers See all See all following
More Actions Andrew (Andy) has a account Andrew (Andy) Hopkins Asst. Director Customer Service2G Digital Post 2G Digital Greater Los Angeles Area 477 477 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent > 30 years of success in the management of personnel, customer relations, corporate financial performance, project research and development, inter-departmental relations, and knowledge of film, tape, and digital media work flows.> Exceptional interpersonal skills with emphasis on customer service, teamwork, positive motivation, and co-worker/management relations.> Computer skills: PC and Mac literate, strong overall understanding of the functions and applications of hardware/software, proficient in MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, etc.)> Dynamic professional; energetic and hardworking with strong company focus and loyalty; firmly committed to excellence in all facets of job performance. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Assistant Director of Client Services Company Name 2G Digital Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Burbank, California Account Manager Company Name Technicolor Dates Employed Mar 1997 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 16 yrs 4 mos Location Glendale. CA > Manage and work with a team of Customer Service Reps that specialize in digital media work flows, 3rd party customer servicing, major and independent studios, and special projects such as 3D, and quickturn deliveries for all types of digital and physical content.> This involves receiving, interpreting, and expediting client purchase orders so comprehensive work orders can be written, and the rapid throughput of work required can be accomplished.> Responsible for troubleshooting and suggesting the appropriate resolution to clients when problems arise. (I.e.: Late / incorrect product, damaged masters, changes to the account, deliverable spec changes, etc.)> Proficient in management and servicing all platforms including, but not limited to; Amazon, DirecTv, inDemand, Netflix, Vudu, Hulu, iTunes, Samsung, etc, etc…. Manager of International Distribution Company Name Preferred Media Dates Employed Oct 1992 – Mar 1997 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Sun Valley, CA > Oversee and manage crew of twelve in all aspects of Preferred Media’s International Department, including the Script and Music Cue accounts.> Responsible for the operational and budgetary performance of the department, as well as the month end, quarterly, and annual financial reports. > Responsible for staffing and payroll within the department.> Responsible for designing, establishing and enforcing procedures for our client’s Harpoon computer system, Preferred Media’s computer system, and daily operations including: International contracts, shipping, receiving, tracking, scripts and music cues.> Responsible for designing and maintaining the International Libraries and the Document Imaging System.> Responsible for research and development on Preferred Media Corporate projects as assigned by Executive Management. Post Production Supervisor Company Name New World Entertainment Dates Employed Sep 1986 – Sep 1992 Employment Duration 6 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Los Angeles Area * Post Production Supervisor> Supervise and coordinate crew of five in the editing bays and the film/tape vault, and three drivers for all lab, production and network broadcast deliveries.> Liaison between the Post Production and International departments.> Responsible for the budgeting and completion of trailers, feature re-cuts, and special projects. Approve related invoices.> Oversee quality control of materials, pre-print through final mastering.> Oversee both the video and film libraries (Involves the tracking of approximately 60,000 elements)> Staff off-line Editor for promos, trailers, TV clips, and presentations.> Responsible for maintenance and repair of video/film equipment.> Organize and coordinate the projects of roughly thirty Editors, Assistant Editors, and Apprentices. Included heavy contact with labs, optical houses, sound facilities, video services, negative cutters, and editorial equipment/supply companies.* Assistant Picture and Sound Editor> All aspects of picture and sound work for approximately sixty trailers and promos and four feature film re-cuts. (1986-1988 titles)* Apprentice Editor> Feature Film and Trailer Departments. Film and Video Technician Company Name Conrad Film Duplicating Dates Employed Feb 1986 – Sep 1986 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Hollywood, CA > Shoot and Develop black and white acetate/polyester picture dupes, perform sound transfers, temp. mixes and film to tape transfers. Featured Skills & Endorsements Post Production See 64 endorsements for Post Production 64 Post Production Sandra Jimenez and 63 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Video See 52 endorsements for Video 52 Video Lawrence Adams and 51 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Television See 51 endorsements for Television 51 Television Jonathan Pearlstein and 50 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests 2G Digital 431 followers Fox (Film, TV and Sports) 265,595 followers Visual Data Media Services 1,671 followers POPSUGAR 33,522 followers Post Production Professionals 95,529 members SDI Media 9,779 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mark A. has a account Mark A. Shaw Principal Hardware Engineer Manager, Azure CSI, Microsoft Microsoft University of Arkansas Redmond, Washington 281 281 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Manager Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Location Redmond Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Convey Computer Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Location Richardson, TX Designed, integrated, and tested components for multiple generations of Convey's Hybrid Core Computer. Key areas of contribution included:- Test, Integration, and optimization of DDR2 memory subsytem.- Design and test of Gen 2/3 PCIe Mezzanine Card.- Design and test of two custom DDR3 DIMMs. - Firmware development (C) for integration and mfg test of system components.- Verilog development for CPLDs. Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Hewlett Packard Dates Employed Jul 2000 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 9 yrs 4 mos Location Richards, TX - Hardware lead for multiple generation of PA-Risc, Intel IA64 and Intel X86 based motherboards for the Superdome class servers. Responsible for documentation, detailed design, design validation, and integration. Experienced leading a team of engineers and managing the interfaces required for a large scale design across multiple geographies.- Responsible for design of management subsystem components including exposure to ARM and PPC processors.- Responsible for design and verification of programmable devices including Xilinx Spartan III and Lattice/Altera CPLDs.- Hardware lead for management of outsourced deisng including generation of specifications and review of design content. Field Applications Engineer Company Name Zilog Inc. Dates Employed 1998 – 2000 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Dallas, TX - Responsible for technical and sales support for product line of microcontrollers, microprocessors, and digital signal processors. Job function included customer and sales support, technical raining, and generation of application note designs. Hardware Engineer Company Name Texas Instruments / Raytheon Dates Employed 1989 – 1997 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Dallas - Responsible for documentation, design, and test of subsystem components for thermal imaging defense systems including multiple generations of DSP controller boards, video gain and level control, and frame integration. - Architected, designed, and tested PCA designs utilizing DSP technology as well as programmable devices from Xilinx, Altera, and Lattice. Education University of Arkansas Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements Debugging See 23 endorsements for Debugging 23 Debugging Endorsed by Jack Lavier P.E. and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Mark A.’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 21 endorsements for Verilog 21 Verilog Endorsed by 4 of Mark A.’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 19 endorsements for Embedded Systems 19 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Jack Lavier P.E. and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Mark A.’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 24 more View 24 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (1) Mike Andrewartha Principal Hardware Engineering Manager January 24, 2013, Mark A. worked with Mike in the same group Mark is a disciplined engineer who succeeds through a balanced combination of attention to detail and innovative ideas. He is highly productive in all phases of the project from concept, through implementation and lab debug. He is always willing to do whatever is needed to get the job done and is a pleasure to work with. Keith Mowery Vice President of Controls Engineering at Lennox International December 20, 2007, Mark A. worked with Keith in the same group Mark is a very detailed hardware engineer. He is very enthusiastic and hardworking. I would overwhelmingly recommend Mark Shaw to any company trying to hire him as a hardware engineer.Keith Mowery Kelley Dobelstein Sr. Hardware Engineer - Azure Cloud HW Engineering May 31, 2016, Mark A. managed Kelley directly Outstanding design engineer versed in all aspects of PCB design. Kelley has the kind of design rigor that only comes from considerable experience designing complex innovative hardware. Is also a contributor to a fun work environment and a great mentor for our less experienced engineers. Kelley's designs simply work and I have yet to see a rework wire. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,222 followers Electrical Engineer 81,173 members Convey Computer 560 followers University of Arkansas 98,203 followers HP Connections: Current Employees and Alumni of Hewlett-Packard, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, HP Inc. 138,119 members Microsoft 3,687,367 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tianran has a account Tianran Liang Hardware Engineer at Google Google University of California, Davis Mountain View, California 186 186 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos R&D Hardware Engineer Company Name Avago Technologies Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Nov 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location San Jose, CA High speed optical transceiver module design. Signal Integrity. Technical Marketing Intern Company Name Avago Technologies Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Dec 2010 Employment Duration 6 mos Location San Jose, CA Education University of California, Davis Degree Name Ph.D. Field Of Study Applied Science Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2013 Research Assistant, Davis Millimeter Wave Research Center (DMRC) Tsinghua University Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Engineering Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Simulations See 11 endorsements for Simulations 11 Simulations Endorsed by Xiangyu Kong, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Tianran’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Signal Integrity See 9 endorsements for Signal Integrity 9 Signal Integrity John Yan and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Semiconductors See 8 endorsements for Semiconductors 8 Semiconductors Endorsed by 2 of Tianran’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of California, Davis 201,533 followers SI-LIST 2,021 members Tsinghua University 130,468 followers Tsing Hua Alumni Association of Northern California 795 members 清华大学 123,898 followers University of California, Davis 210,323 followers See all See all following
More Actions Bryan has a account Bryan Liu Student at UNSW Hex Escape Room UNSW Kingsford, New South Wales, Australia 56 56 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Hex Escape Room Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 2 mos Location Auckland, New Zealand Summer Research Scholar Company Name University of Auckland Dates Employed Dec 2015 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Auckland, New Zealand Software & Hardware Test Engineer Intern Company Name Chengdu Huaqi Houpu Holdings Ltd. Dates Employed Dec 2014 – Feb 2015 Employment Duration 3 mos Surveyor Company Name Traffic Design Group (TDG) Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 1 mo Hardware Engineer Intern Company Name Sichuan Yuannan Communication Equipment Co. Ltd Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Chengdu, Sichuan, China Education UNSW Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 – 2020 University of Auckland Degree Name BE(Hons), Electrical and Electronic Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2016 Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab Matlab No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Altium Designer Altium Designer No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills C C No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 5 more View 5 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Bryan has 7 honors 7 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Included on the Dean Honour List 2016 The Power by Proxi Challenge Finalist First in Course Award - Electronic 2 (ELECTENG 305) Fisher & Paykel Design Award Finalist Second Place for Beca Lighting Competition 2015 Top Group for Aurecon Lighting Design Project Final Prize for RSVPing Google Product Design Challenge Bryan has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese (Simplified) English Interests Uber 601,320 followers Adobe 680,837 followers UNSW 218,323 followers Texas Instruments 231,536 followers Air New Zealand 74,132 followers Pulse 1,535,223 followers See all See all following
More Actions Daisy has a account Daisy Lee Electrical Engineer at Apple Apple University of California San Diego San Francisco Bay Area 271 271 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Electrical Engineer Company Name Apple Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Hardware Engineer Company Name Finisar Corporation (NASDAQ: FNSR) Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos design engineer Company Name FormFactor Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 8 mos intern Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Sep 2007 Employment Duration 4 mos intern Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Sep 2006 Employment Duration 4 mos See more positions Education University of California San Diego Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 University of California, Berkeley Degree Name B.S. Field Of Study Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Activities and Societies: Tau Beta Pi Eta Kappa Nu Featured Skills & Endorsements Semiconductors See 8 endorsements for Semiconductors 8 Semiconductors Endorsed by John Doricko, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Daisy’s colleagues at FormFactor Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills ASIC See 7 endorsements for ASIC 7 ASIC Sajjad Mir - CEO/PRESIDENT and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 6 endorsements for Verilog 6 Verilog peter ateshian and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Ellie Yang Realtor in Silicon Valley January 15, 2016, Daisy was a client of Ellie’s It is because of Yentin that my first home-buying experience happened effortlessly. She was always punctual, quick and thorough about getting the latest details on properties, and honest about presenting all the facts. She also has great observational skills, often pointing out features or detriments that most people tend to overlook and also has great intuition about her clients' personal tastes. I really don't know how she does it but she'll be answering my questions at all hours of the day and night with the most incredible amount of patience, something I really appreciate given my inexperience about home-buying. Between the offer acceptance and close of escrow, she was very good about following up with other parties to make sure everything ran on schedule, and I can honestly say that it is because of her behind-the-scenes work that my loan application closed so smoothly with zero hiccups. She receives my highest recommendation for taking all the scariness out of home-buying. Cindy Lin Residential and Commercial Real Estate Specialist January 14, 2016, Daisy was a client of Cindy’s Cindy made my first-time home buying experience incredibly smooth and stress-free, certainly a feat given today's insane seller's market. What I appreciate about her is that she goes out of her way to visit the properties and collect all the facts, implements and gives valuable house-buying strategies while ensuring that I am comfortable with each decision every step of the way, and takes all the confusion out of house-buying jargon and practices. She is incredibly hard working and extremely responsive. If there is a house you are set on buying, you can have peace of mind that Cindy will do everything she can to maximize the odds of success. Throughout my home-buying process, I always felt like I was in good hands, protected, and well-informed. She is based in Cupertino, one of the most competitive housing markets in the Silicon valley and has an impressive track record. Let's put it this way-- if you are buying a house you better hope that Cindy is representing you instead of your competing buyers. Accomplishments Interests University of California, Berkeley 498,457 followers University of California San Diego 220,738 followers University of California, Berkeley 521,272 followers Pulse 1,535,223 followers University of California San Diego 208,165 followers Finisar Corporation (NASDAQ: FNSR) 13,263 followers See all See all following
More Actions Milan has a account Milan Radulovic PhD Researcher at Barcelona Supercomputing Center Barcelona Supercomputing Center Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain 298 298 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Milan’s Activity 298 followers MP3 (and also Dolby AC3) patents expired, finally https://lnkd.in/g5tgxGG Milan liked See all activity Experience PhD Researcher Company Name Barcelona Supercomputing Center Dates Employed Jan 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Memory systems for high-performance computing FPGA design, Hardware design Company Name IMP-Telecommunications Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 27 endorsements for FPGA 27 FPGA Majda Petric and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C See 24 endorsements for C 24 C Goran Ferenc and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 24 endorsements for Matlab 24 Matlab Majda Petric and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Milan has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English German Serbian Spanish Milan has 3 projects 3 Expand projects section Projects OMAP5 Pico-ITX Board DaVinci DM8168 Qseven COM Module Development of embedded system - medical personal alarm Interests ASIC, FPGA, SoC Engineers 49,461 members IMP-Telecommunications 590 followers HPCwire 364 followers Pulse 1,535,223 followers Barcelona Supercomputing Center 3,158 followers Eurecat - Technology Centre of Catalonia 2,449 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeroen has a account Jeroen Doggen Embedded Software and Hardware Engineer at CDE GmbH CDE GmbH Hogeschool Antwerpen Hagenberg im Mühlkreis, Upper Austria, Austria 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Jeroen Doggen is an embedded systems engineer at the Austrian company CDE GmbH. He is the author of several open source embedded software libraries for the Arduino platform. He has given several international guest lectures in Finland (Oulu) and Austria (St. Pölten), during his time as a lecturer and researcher at both the Universiy of Anwerp and Artesis Plantijn University College Antwerp, More information about Jeroen can be found on his personal website: http://jeroendoggen.github.io See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Embedded software and hardware engineer Company Name CDE GmbH Dates Employed Nov 2016 – Present Employment Duration 7 mos Location Hagenberg im Mühlkreis, Oberösterreich, Österreich Embedded Systems Engineer Company Name Cyberith Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Vienna, Austria Firware development: sensor interfacing, communication, build automation (STM32, C, Jenkins)Development of the Virtualizer SDK (C++ on Windows)Development of semi-automated hardware verification tests (Firmware in C and tests in Python on Linux)Field engineer: installation of Virtualizer setups Lecturer, researcher Company Name AP Artesis Plantijn Hogeschool Antwerpen Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Aug 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Antwerp Area, Belgium Courses: digital electronics, computer systems, embedded systems, Internet of Thing Lecturer, researcher Company Name Artesis Hogeschool Antwerpen Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Antwerp Area, Belgium Courses: digital electronics, computer systems, embedded systems Researcher Company Name Artesis Hogeschool Antwerpen Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Main focus: wireless sensor networks, network traffic simulation See more positions Education Hogeschool Antwerpen Degree Name Master of Science (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Electronics-ICT Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2006 Exchange student for 5 months @Universitat Ramon Llull, Barcelona.Thesis: Design and Simulation of a H.264 AVC Video Streaming Model. College van het Eucharistisch Hart Essen Field Of Study Latin - Sciences (Highschool) Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 2001 Volunteer Experience Sous-Chef Company Name Sfinks mixed Dates volunteered Jul 2012 – Jul 2013 Volunteer duration 1 yr 1 mo Cause Arts and Culture Supervision of other volunteers in the festival kitchen Cook Company Name Sfinks mixed Dates volunteered Jul 2007 – Jul 2011 Volunteer duration 4 yrs 1 mo Cause Arts and Culture Preparing hot festival-meals Bartender Company Name Sfinx Mundial Festival Dates volunteered May 2012 – May 2012 Volunteer duration 1 mo Cause Arts and Culture Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 21 endorsements for Embedded Systems 21 Embedded Systems Peter Roels and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills LaTeX See 12 endorsements for LaTeX 12 LaTeX Michael Wilson and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Programming See 12 endorsements for Programming 12 Programming Pekka Alaluukas and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills
More Actions Alice has a account Alice Kwan Engineering Project Manager at Apple Apple University of California, Davis San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Engineering Project Manager Company Name Apple Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Project Manager Company Name Scanadu Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Senior Biomedical Engineer Company Name Scanadu Dates Employed Oct 2012 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area Developed innovative consumer mobile health device under FDA guidelines. Graduate Student Researcher Company Name UC Davis Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Dec 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Davis, CA Designed, developed, and tested a novel asthma monitoring device that interfaces with Android devices. Product Development Engineer Company Name Breg Dates Employed Jul 2008 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater San Diego Area Created an orthopedic knee brace and took the product from concept to manufacturing. See more positions Education University of California, Davis Degree Name MS Field Of Study Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 University of California, San Diego Degree Name BS Field Of Study Bioengineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Featured Skills & Endorsements Medical Devices See 33 endorsements for Medical Devices 33 Medical Devices Endorsed by Mary Beth McDonald and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 15 of Alice’s colleagues at Scanadu Click and drag to reorder skills Product Development See 28 endorsements for Product Development 28 Product Development Endorsed by Mark Howard, MS and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Alice’s colleagues at Scanadu Click and drag to reorder skills R&D See 27 endorsements for R&D 27 R&D Rabia Hassanpur and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills
More Actions thalesh has a account thalesh ranganathan Principal Hardware Engineer Violin Memory Jayaram College of Engineering & Technology, Bharathidasan University, Trichy, India San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Employed as a Principal Hardware Engineer( Technical) and having 12 + years of experience in high speed hardware board design and development experience in all phases of new product development from concept till high volume production release.• Proficient in designing High speed Mother Boards- Requirement finalization, Schematics implementation, directing PCB layout, Hardware bring up & testing, DVT, EMI/EMC analysis & testing.• Specialized in Single Board Computer design (SBC) for Commercial, Ruggedized, Industrial, Medical & Server applications.Skills:• Intel x86, AMD GPU, MIPS, ARM and DSP Processor based Hardware board design and development• Hardware interfaces : PCIe, SATA, USB, LVDS, Ethernet - Giga bit Ethernet & Fast Ethernet, I2C, HDA, SPI & UART • Memory : DDR3, DDR2, SDRAM, Flash (SPI, NOR & NAND), eMMC & SD • Power supplies : LDO, Buck & Boost power supply • Schematics : Cadence OrCAD, Cadence Concept, Mentor DxDesigner • Layout : Cadence Allegro & Mentor Expedition Enterprise • CPLD & FPGA devices : Xilinx & Altera • CPLD & FPGA design tools: Quartus –II & Xilinx ISE • Knowledge of VHDL & Verilog • Testing tools – DSO, MSO, DMM, Logic Analyzer & JTAG tools See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Recommendations Received (13) Given (3) John Maroney Sr. Director Systems Developement/Architect at Violin Memory December 29, 2016, John managed thalesh directly Thalesh's work is very thorough, does a great deal of Si, power, system timing, and module interconnect analysis to insure a nearly error free board designs. I highly recommend Thalesh for board/ system design.Thanks,John Maroney Stefan Milnor VP Engineering at Kontron America January 5, 2015, Stefan managed thalesh directly I can strongly recommend Thalesh Ranganathan for his skills and perseverance in board level computer hardware design, power supply work, debugging at a board and system level, and for FPGA design. Thalesh is a great resource and a very hard worker. View 11 more recommendations View 11 more recommendations recommendations Ravi Shankar Senior PCB Designer at Seagate Technology December 5, 2010, thalesh was a client of Ravi’s I have worked with him on couple of projects and his valuable contribution and creativity helped us to complete the layout in reasonable time. I look forward to work with him in feature. Akhil V Hardware Architect at Acceleron Labs Pvt Ltd April 28, 2010, thalesh was senior to Akhil but didn’t manage directly I worked with him in couple of projects. He is a very knowledgeable and talented person to work. He works in a structured way and also he is having lot of potenital in design, developement, implementation and debugging. I would like to work with him in future projects. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Interests Tegra Developer Group 696 members Embedded Systems Design 34,462 members Emerson 240,061 followers Nokia for Service Providers 376,799 followers Strategic IT Staffing, LLC 10,056 followers 3M 671,025 followers See all See all following
More Actions Wendy Xiaoxue has a account Wendy Xiaoxue Zhao Staff Network Engineer at Google Google UC Berkeley Mountain View, California 322 322 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Network Design See 17 endorsements for Network Design 17 Network Design Endorsed by Vijay Gill and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Wendy Xiaoxue’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Network Architecture See 14 endorsements for Network Architecture 14 Network Architecture Endorsed by Vijay Gill and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Wendy Xiaoxue’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Data Center See 12 endorsements for Data Center 12 Data Center Endorsed by Vijay Gill and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Wendy Xiaoxue’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Vijay Gill Cloud Services, Distributed Systems, and Infrastructure Engineering October 12, 2012, Vijay managed Wendy Xiaoxue directly Wendy was one of the best "fast learners" I've ever had the opportunity to work with. She came into the network architecture group from her previous group where she was testing optics and in a few months was a key component of the network architecture optical team, doing longhaul design, new product and technologies and very sophisticated cost modeling. Her grasp of technology and concepts was incredible. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Interests Cal Alumni Association | UC Berkeley 56,467 members Google 4,871,535 followers University of California, Berkeley 521,270 followers University of California, Berkeley 498,457 followers Pulse 1,535,224 followers Peking University 153,282 followers See all See all following
More Actions Scott has a account Scott Woltman Director Hardware Engineering at Microsoft Microsoft Brown University Greater Seattle Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Innovative and entrepreneurial Lead Systems/Product Engineer. Proven experience working with cross-functional teams (academic, technical and business), leading discussions and fostering relationships with suppliers and customers, defining product requirements, driving programs forward from conception to execution and research in an academic environment. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Optics See 38 endorsements for Optics 38 Optics Endorsed by Lu Lu and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 11 of Scott’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Photonics See 24 endorsements for Photonics 24 Photonics Endorsed by 6 of Scott’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills Physics See 18 endorsements for Physics 18 Physics Endorsed by Lu Lu, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Scott’s colleagues at Microsoft Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Sean O'Connor System Engineer Executive Support at Vulcan Inc. April 27, 2013, Scott worked with Sean in different groups Sean has impressed me with his dedication to every task he undertakes at work. He has proven himself to be skilled at self-setting priorities and bringing meaningful contributions to the company as a whole.He creates a positive and fun work environment and would recommend him for any position. Casey Bellecourt • Thirteen years of progressive experience in shipping, inventory control and material handling May 16, 2012, Scott worked with Casey in different groups Casey impressed me as an efficient worker. His attitude was always positive and he was very helpful in his role at MicroVision. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Interests Optical Networking Group for Telecommunications 57,372 members Brown University 97,441 followers Society for Information Display 5,079 members Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 70,182 followers Optical Systems Engineers 327 members Diode lasers and laser systems 5,358 members See all See all following
More Actions Wendy Xiaoxue has a account Wendy Xiaoxue Zhao Staff Network Engineer at Google Google UC Berkeley Mountain View, California 322 322 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Staff Network Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos Location Mountain View, CA Network architecture and design (datacenter, metro and long-haul)Optical interconnect/transport technology innovationStrategic planning and business case analysis Senior Network Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Mar 2010 – Sep 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos Location Mountain View, CA Network architectureMetro area network designDatacenter network designNetwork innovations Network Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Jul 2009 – Mar 2010 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Mountain View Metro-area network design and qualificationOptical long-haul network design and planning Hardware Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Sep 2008 – Jul 2009 Employment Duration 11 mos Location Mountain View, CA Digital system designhigh-speed signaling designoptical interconnect design Education UC Berkeley Degree Name PhD Field Of Study EE Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2008 Activities and Societies: IEEE Photonics Society, OSA Student Chapter lead, WICSE Peking University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2003 Featured Skills & Endorsements Network Design See 17 endorsements for Network Design 17 Network Design Endorsed by Vijay Gill and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Wendy Xiaoxue’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Network Architecture See 14 endorsements for Network Architecture 14 Network Architecture Endorsed by Vijay Gill and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Wendy Xiaoxue’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Data Center See 12 endorsements for Data Center 12 Data Center Endorsed by Vijay Gill and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Wendy Xiaoxue’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Vijay Gill Cloud Services, Distributed Systems, and Infrastructure Engineering October 12, 2012, Vijay managed Wendy Xiaoxue directly Wendy was one of the best "fast learners" I've ever had the opportunity to work with. She came into the network architecture group from her previous group where she was testing optics and in a few months was a key component of the network architecture optical team, doing longhaul design, new product and technologies and very sophisticated cost modeling. Her grasp of technology and concepts was incredible. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of California, Berkeley 498,421 followers Pulse 1,535,224 followers Cal Alumni Association | UC Berkeley 56,467 members University of California, Berkeley 521,272 followers Google 4,871,537 followers 北京大学 127,332 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ricky has a account Ricky Willems Independent Contractor - Engineering and Design Formula Hybrid Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Washington D.C. Metro Area 211 211 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an innovative and inventive designer and engineer who enjoys interesting, engaging, and meaningful work. I thrive in environments where new and novel concepts are valued, and where I have the latitude to employ and develop these concepts. I enjoy working with teams of individuals with diverse technical backgrounds. I prefer project based work, where a product, device, subsystem, or component is developed from concept to prototype or production. I thoroughly enjoy researching technical information and learning practical design techniques relating to projects I undertake. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Cheif Electrical Examiner Company Name Formula Hybrid Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Contractor Company Name SNABB Volvo Performance Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Ithaca, New York Area While contracting with SNABB I have created testing apparatus and procedures to evaluate the effectiveness of aftermarket intercooler designs and related systems. I've also created CAD models, both from prototypes and as design starting points, and carried out flow simulations.I've also designed and built data logging systems to appraise the performance differences offered by aftermarket part designs during both real world and dynamometer testing, and aided in the processing and interpretation of this data. Project Manager, Electrical Engineer, Product Designer Company Name Innovative Dynamics Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Mar 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Ithaca, New York Area This position requires a wide variety of skills and makes use of my diverse skill set. I've been able to work on several projects in capacities ranging from writing grant proposals and business plans, to being principal investigator and project manager, to designing circuitry boards and testing prototypes. The three programs I have contributed to most are as follows. - IceCap, a capacitive based road weather condition sensor. - IDI's deicing system for the Navy Ship to Shore Connector Hovercraft. - EnergE-Bikes, an electric assisted bike share system developed for the DOT.Additional information on these projects is listed under "projects" sections below, as are the responsibilities entailed with each project. Eletrical Engineering Intern Company Name Innovative Dynamics Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2013 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Ithaca, New York Area - Designed solid state AC to high-voltage DC power supply circuitry.- Designed high voltage, pulsed high current SCR based circuitry.- Destructive circuit and semiconductor device testing.- Ice detection software and hardware design.- Circuit board design. Software Interface Design and Programmer Company Name Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Dates Employed May 2009 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Troy NY Redesigning and programming educational children's software to be part of Ron Eglash's Culturally Situated Design Tools project. See more positions Education Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Degree Name Dual Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering & Product Design Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Rensselaer Formula Hybrid, Electronics Club, Mercer Lab Dual Degrees: Electrical Engineering and Product Design & Innovation. Our Lady of Good Counsel High School Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2007 Activities and Societies: Varsity Soccer, Team America Rocketry Challenge Team Captain, Guitar Club President, Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Volunteer, Volunteer Experience Electrical Tech Inspector Company Name Formula Hybrid Dates volunteered Sep 2014 – Present Volunteer duration 2 yrs 9 mos Cause Environment Featured Skills & Endorsements Solidworks See 11 endorsements for Solidworks 11 Solidworks Donald Dodson and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Product Design See 8 endorsements for Product Design 8 Product Design Jordan Yamada and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Labview See 6 endorsements for Labview 6 Labview Donald Dodson and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 42 more View 42 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Chris Farmer Maintenance Technician November 18, 2016, Chris managed Ricky directly I met Ricky Willems at the International Formula Hybrid Competition in Loudon NH. This is a competition between engineering schools to design, build, and race gas-electric hybrid racecars. Ricky’s contribution to his school’s racecar demonstrated technical skill, commitment, passion, and creativity with electronics. I offered him an electrical engineering internship with Innovative Dynamics, which eventually lead to full time employment with the company. While working at Innovative Dynamics he created research proposals/reports, electrical schematics, PCB layouts, and electrical prototypes. He documented his work, performed testing/debugging, and assisted with system level design work. Given basic problem statements Ricky could select the appropriate circuit(s), review uncertainties with management, perform circuit simulation, and follow through with tested prototypes; all with minimal supervision. He is a careful listener capable of receiving and articulating technical information verbally as well as in writing. Ricky is a well-rounded electrical engineer/designer as skillful in the laboratory as he is behind a desk. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ricky has 21 courses 21 Expand courses section Courses AutoCAD Computer Aided Design Computer Components & Operations Computer Science I Digital Logic Design Electric Circuits Electric-Circuits Embedded Control Fields and Waves INTRO TO OBJ ORIENT PROG C++ Ricky has 10 projects 10 Expand projects section Projects IDI's EnergE-Bike Program IDI IceCap IDI De-Icing System for Navy Ship to Shore Connector RPI Formula Hybrid 2013 Vehicle RPI Formula Hybrid 2014 Vehicle Graffiti Grapher RPI Formula Hybrid 2012 Vehicle RPI Formula Hybrid 2011 Vehicle RPI Formula Hybrid 2010 Vehicle RPI Formula Hybrid 2009 Vehicle Ricky has 2 honors 2 Expand honors & awards section Honors & Awards Change the World Challenge Rensselaer Medalist Scholarship Ricky has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests Hasbro 98,894 followers MegaBots, Inc. 331 followers Formula Hybrid 114 followers The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory 15,607 followers Electrical Design Engineer Jobs 27,620 members Innovative Dynamics Inc. 43 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mark has a account Mark Gerlovin Leader, Power and Analog Advanced Development at Sonos, Inc. Sonos, Inc. St. Petersburg Polytechnic Institute Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Leadership of multi-disciplinary, geographically dispersed R&D teams. Track record of innovation and solving tough technical problems. Rational, systematic, requirements driven product development approach. Clear vision from business needs to product concept to fine design details. Good business sense and understanding of how high-tech products sell.Technical Management & Technology DevelopmentPower Supplies, SMPS, Class-D amps, Audio HW & Systems designBattery Management, Chargers, EV, Li-Ion batteriesRF Wireless Audio/Video designRF Wireless Communications designAudio, Acoustics, VoIP Analog & Mixed-Signal design See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Leader, Power and Analog Advanced Development Company Name Sonos, Inc. Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Boston Area Director, Power Electronics and Amplifiers Design Company Name Sonos, Inc. Dates Employed Nov 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 7 mos Location Cambridge, MA Wireless HiFi music systems. Director, Electrical Engineering Company Name Boston-Power, Inc Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Nov 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs Hands-on leadership of Hardware, Software, and Systems Engineering teams. Development of innovative solutions for Portable Power, Plug-in Electric Vehicles, and Grid Energy Storage. Variety of projects based on Boston-Power's unique Li-Ion cells, including SAAB 9-3 ePower vehicle. Director, Systems Engineering and Architecture Company Name Revolabs Dates Employed 2007 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Technical management, leadership, and architecture of a flagship RF wireless microphone system - High Definition Executive.Best-in-class performance, smallest size, and lowest power consumption. Engineering Manager Company Name ThingMagic Dates Employed 2005 – 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs Managed Hardware Group to deliver multi-protocol RFID tag readers. See more positions Education St. Petersburg Polytechnic Institute Degree Name MSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1982 – 1988 Featured Skills & Endorsements VoIP See 41 endorsements for VoIP 41 VoIP Emily Granholm and 40 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 33 endorsements for Embedded Systems 33 Embedded Systems Endorsed by 3 of Mark’s colleagues at Sonos, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills RFID+ See 27 endorsements for RFID+ 27 RFID+ Vic Silvestri and 26 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (8) Paul Jones Independent Consultant July 26, 2010, Paul managed Mark directly I was Mark’s direct manager while running Engineering at Revolabs. The primary project we worked on together was a state of the art wireless microphone system supporting HD audio at 20 kHz. From the very first time I met Mark, I was struck by the breadth of his Engineering background in many disciplines including digital and analog hardware design, wireless technology, audio, and real time embedded system design. He has clarity of thinking about problems at the system level and a sincere willingness and skill in explaining advanced technology issues to others. Coupled with his business awareness, it makes Mark a very valuable contributor in both management and individual design efforts. There is no technical problem into which Mark can’t dive and make a contribution, and he understands the product life cycle from inception into production. Karthik Yogeeswaran Rapid Prototyper, Google Access July 21, 2009, Mark worked with Karthik in the same group Mark and I have worked together at both Thingmagic and at Revolabs. As a manager at Thingmagic Mark oversaw a diverse group of very gifted hardware engineers, launching the M5 a full featured software defined radio RFID reader and the m5e an ASIC based compact form factor RFID reader. At Revolabs, Mark managed a group of contractors scattered across the globe to design a multi channel wireless audio system. Mark brings to the table years of experience in designing and managing embedded hardware projects, high level systems architecture with knowledge depth in multiple technical disciplines. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Paul Jones Independent Consultant August 15, 2010, Mark reported directly to Paul I highly recommend Paul Jones as a talented and experienced technologist, skilled and accomplished leader, as well as a gregarious, congenial and outgoing human being. Paul works tirelessly to lead his teams to be productive and successful. He rolls up his sleeves and lends a helping hand always cognizant of strategic goals & deliverables. Paul is respected by the executive team; he’s valued and appreciated by his direct reports. I know Paul to be a truly dedicated and committed contributor and I have learned a great deal from him and his management style. I would gladly work with him again. Mark DesMarais Principal Hardware Engineer at Revolabs October 7, 2009, Mark worked with Mark in the same group Mark has been a very valuable asset for Revolabs engineering organization. He has top notch design skills, having worked in the past on complex audio/video hardware projects, and a teamwork-oriented, cooperative personality. Mark is deliberately thorough in his design approach, methodically and efficiently going through possible product implementations up front. Mark is very disciplined with respect to written product requirements, setting the tone for rational, systematic product planning and design process. This makes a big difference at the board bring-up time when few, if any, issues are found. As a result, Mark's designs are top quality, well thought out, and meticulously executed. I thoroughly enjoyed working with Mark and would recommend him for any principal/lead hardware design role where complex analog, mixed-signal, or digital designs have to be executed quickly, with highest quality, and attention to detail. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Silicon Carbide, SiC, Power Electronic Applications 2,529 members POWER ELECTRONICS INSTITUTE 2,075 members Telecom Boston 1,356 members Digital Power Electronics Control 1,793 members Battery Management Systems 11,159 members Gallium Nitride Semiconductor (III-N Compounds) 9,362 members See all See all following
More Actions Jaya has a account Jaya Kumar Senior Embedded Hardware Engineer at Delphi Delphi Vellore Institute of Technology Ann Arbor, Michigan 121 121 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Worked as Senior Electronic Engineer over 15+ years. Expertise developing Real-Time Multi-Threaded Hardware Design for large global Gaming, Telecommunications and Aerospace organizations. Excellent ability to define Hardware requirements, structured software development also develop and modify application software including systems support. Strong verbal and written skills and unique ability to develop, establish, leverage and maintain relationships with colleagues and customers See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Embedded Hardware Engineer Company Name Delphi Dates Employed May 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Ann Arbor I am a Hardware Design Engineer where I interface with customers to assess their requirements and determine robust and cost-effective simulator design solutions responsible for both the mechanical and electrical design of the HIL simulator based on the customer's ECU testing needs which includes: 1. Designing of relay networks for simulating faults, power switching, and customer’s ECU I/O 2. Customizing signal conditioning between Delphi I/O and customer ECU signaling 3. Developing the necessary information required for manufacturing and detailed documentation of designs. 4. I work closely with the manufacturing team and Applications Engineering team to test and deliver turn-key HIL simulators that meet and exceed customer expectations. 5. I am often onsite at customer locations for support, commissioning, troubleshooting, and upgrades. 6. Experience in commissioning and Testing of Electrical and Electronics over 15+ years. During some projects, I may also be responsible for schematic and PCB design/modification for more customized solutions and interfacing with Delphi engineering teams to document and improve procedures for HIL development and manufacturing. Senior Electronic Engineer Company Name DTE Energy Dates Employed May 2010 – Apr 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater Grand Rapids, Michigan Area Lead design engineer responsible for electronic unit to monitor battery pack voltage and current • Schematic design and production support of Battery Management Electronics • Managing PCB layout design through cooperative work with CAD designer • Releasing engineering documentation including BOM, DVP&R, DFMEA, WCA, EOL and ICT specifications • Debugging modules with CAN-based hardware and Testing • EMC testing to troubleshoot battery packs in order to meet requirements for electromagnetic compliance • Supporting DV tester design, development, and implementation • Coordinating engineering change requests (ECR) and sample builds with manufacturing plant • Resolving field issues through cross-functional support of applications team Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Autoliv Dates Employed May 2007 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Michigan area Supporting Embedded systems division of Autoliv. Hardware Skills ( Automotive Domain ) - Expertise in hardware schematic CAD tools like ORCAD,Pspice,Altuim. - EMI/EMC based design, test plan creation(DFMEA, DV/PV, Environment & Electrical) Validation - Power supply design (As per ISO 7637), Motor Drives - Microcontroller based design Assisting hardware team in faultfinding on proto-board ABS Electronic Control Units (ECU’s) and pre-production test samples. Participate in team meetings, software code and specification review meetings Software configuration management Reason for leaving: Business unit restructuring, position redundant. Hardware Engineer Company Name L&T Valdel Dates Employed Mar 2004 – Apr 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Bengaluru Area, India Involved in building the façade from the basic mechanical and electrical component support the delivery head of Embedded electronics division in winning new projects Prospecting potential clients across the global. Experience In business development: Capability presentation preparation, Cold calling & Email, Setting up meetings with potential clients, Techno- commercial preparation, closing the deals. Design and Development Engineer Company Name Ford Motor Company Dates Employed Aug 2000 – Feb 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos Location Chennai Designed the whole schematics with the complete operation details for a SDRAM controller that allows MT48LC4M16A SDRAM memory to be interfaced with a 80386SX microprocessor having only asynchronous memory support. Education Vellore Institute of Technology Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Testing Testing No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Microcontroller Microcontroller No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Testing & Commissioning Testing & Commissioning No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 13 more View 13 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Vellore Institute of Technology 63,964 followers EMBEDDED SOFTWARE DEVELOPER GROUP 16,660 members Universidad Delphi 17,232 followers Vellore Institute of Technology 59,785 followers Pulse 1,535,226 followers Modis 86,320 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sean has a account Sean O'Hara Sr. Hardware Engineer at Osterhout Group Osterhout Group University of Portland San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Sr. Hardware Engineer Company Name Osterhout Group Dates Employed Apr 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 2 mos Senior HW Design Engineer Company Name Panasonic Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Apr 2011 Employment Duration 10 mos Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Hewlett-Packard Dates Employed 2007 – Jul 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Electical Engineer Company Name palm, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 1997 – 2007 Employment Duration 10 yrs Education University of Portland Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1998 Serra Featured Skills & Endorsements Hardware See 41 endorsements for Hardware 41 Hardware Joseph Duggan and 40 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 37 endorsements for Embedded Systems 37 Embedded Systems Felix Alvarez and 36 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Debugging See 28 endorsements for Debugging 28 Debugging Ian Smith and 27 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 26 more View 26 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Portland Alumni - Official Group 5,597 members WIRED 1,052,273 followers Pulse 1,535,226 followers HP Connections: Current Employees and Alumni of Hewlett-Packard, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, HP Inc. 138,119 members Lytro 9,494 followers University of Portland 29,655 followers See all See all following
More Actions Marcelo has a account Marcelo Ramos Engineering Director and Partner at TTT-Cubed, Inc. TTT-Cubed, Inc. Universidad Técnica Federico Santa María San Francisco Bay Area 129 129 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Design and control of High Speed RF Sources and Detectors.FPGA and CPLD Configuration Developer.Experienced RF Test Engineer and Test Automation Developer (ATE/DTV). LabView Certified.Specialties: • FPGAs and CPLDs.• Embedded FPGA Microprocessors. • ORCAD.• LabView and TestStand.• Verilog HDL.• Visual Basic, C, Matlab and Simulink.• Standards in wireless (WiMax 802.16)• FLOs and DTOs• GPIB computer controlled lab and RF Test Equipment. • Point to Multipoint Telecommunication Systems. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Engineering Director and Partner Company Name TTT-Cubed, Inc. Dates Employed 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Fremont, CA Co-founder of company. Successfully participated in the bidding process for multi-million dollar government contracts.In charged of all the company product circuit designs, test and debugging.Most of the company’s designs are digitally controlled high speed RF sources and detectors built for the defense industry. These products have extremely difficult specs that most companies just cannot meet. I specialize in pushing the envelope on what current technology can achieve.The following shows some of the products that I have designed:• Fully Digital Frequency Locked Oscillator.• IFM Plus; Instantaneous Frequency Measurement, with additional capabilities such as Pulse Width Measurement, Time of Arrival.• Airborne Antenna stabilization and Control System.Additionally, daily tasks include the organization of PCB Design, Layout, Fabrication, and Assemble of our products. Electronics Engineer 5 Company Name Teledyne Cougar Dates Employed 2010 – 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Worked for the RF Systems Division. In charge of FPGA and CPLD Configuration Design, Digital Circuitry Design, Hardware, Firmware and Software Development.Designed Digital and Power Supply Circuitry for 30W RF Amplifier.Designed Fast Power RF Driver (80ns, 10W)Designed Digital Control Hardware, Firmware and Calibration Software for RF Converter.Created FPGA Code, Firmware and Test Software for Fast RF Signal Generator (2.5ns time resolution)Developed FPGA Configuration and Microprocessor Firmware for Digitally Controlled RF Generator.Designed, developed and laid out circuit to drive fast RF Generator. Also developed embedded microprocessor firmware and software for PC user interface.Created LabView Programs to Calibrate and Test RF Systems. Design Engineer Consultant Company Name MR-Tronics Dates Employed 2008 – 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location San Jose - Customer: ValleyTekDevelopment of Software to control an Automated Explosives Detector destined to be used in airports. The device uses a smart vision algorithm that allows the machine to detect minimal traces of dangerous substances. The system contained a PC, a camera and other electronics that were controlled and used by the Application in order to detect specific chemicals.Wrote Microprocessor Firmware for a portable version of the Explosives Detector and Drug Detector. This device is a handheld detection system that is able to detect small amounts of substances. This version uses a Microprocessor to controls the various internal devices that need to be activated in order to detect a specific substance.- Customer: AxxceleraDeveloped Calibration and Test Software for new product line of WiMax CPEs and Base Stations Test Engineer III Company Name Axxcelera Broadband Wireless Dates Employed 2006 – 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs Development and implementation of automated test software and setup environments (ATEs and DVTs) In Charge of entire Production Calibration and Test (around 200 units per month)Development of software applications and engineering tools. Responsible for developing test plans and procedures.Works closely with system, Hardware, Firmware and Software teams.Generates automated product characterization.Works closely with Contract Manufacturers in order to solve problems and improve yields.Generate and Analyze test data and databases. Sr Test Engineer Company Name REMEC Dates Employed 2004 – 2005 Employment Duration 1 yr Development of Test Solutions from product conception to transfer to production.ATE design and support for offshore factories.Worked with Process Engineering Team to solve yield issues.Developed all Automatic Test Stations for four different types of 3GPP Transceivers built for Siemens at REMEC’s offshore factories. (4000 units per month). See more positions Education Universidad Técnica Federico Santa María Degree Name Ingeniero Civil Electronico Field Of Study Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 5 endorsements for Embedded Systems 5 Embedded Systems Monte Holm and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills FPGA See 5 endorsements for FPGA 5 FPGA Cesar Silva and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C See 3 endorsements for C 3 C Werner Creixell and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Marcelo has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Interests RF and Microwave Community 37,862 members RF/microwave Test and Measurement 6,176 members Universidad Técnica Federico Santa María 42,335 followers Pulse 1,535,226 followers Universidad Técnica Federico Santa María 47,777 followers
More Actions Mounika has a account Mounika Akula Application Support Engineer at The MathWorks The MathWorks California State University-Long Beach Greater Boston Area 322 322 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a graduate student at CSULB, starting to look for roles in Semi Conductor industry. As an Electronics major, I'm fascinated by the process involved in fabricating a chip. How does chip fabrication takes place at industry level? What is the minimum scale the chip size (or minimum feature size) be brought down to?As such, I've taken lots of Electronics course work like Micro fabrication, Mixed-signal IC design and VLSI design, which gave me a good understanding and imagination of process from logic circuit to chip and have also earned proficiency in programming Languages like C, MATLAB, Verilog etc. And now I would like to put that experience to good use, involving myself in process of chip-fabrication.Available for Full-time from: 12th January,2014Skills:- Hardware Description Languages: Verilog- Simulation: Multi-sim, Microwind, DSCH, LabView- Synthesis: Xilinx ISE (FPGA)- Test Bench Equipment: Oscilloscopes, Spectrum Analyzers, Logic Analyzers, Digital Multimeter- Applications: MATLAB,Code Composer Studio, Advance Design Systems- Productivity Tools-------MS Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint)- Languages : C, Assembly Language- Hardware----Troubleshooting hardware/software, Installation of system components See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Application Support Engineer Company Name The MathWorks Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos System Object QE Intern Company Name The MathWorks Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Natick, MA Graduate Teaching Assistant Company Name California State University, Long Beach Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Los Angeles Area Grading LAB projects and Assignments of Digital Signal Processing and Communication Systems including tutoring part of course work of Digital Signal Processing.Student Lab In-charge for Computer Engineering Methods and Introduction to MATLAB Education California State University-Long Beach Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Grade 3.545 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Tau Beta Phi, IEEE - Master of Science in Electrical Engineering- Concentration in Electronics and TeleCommunication Engineering- Working as Graduate Teaching Assistant for Under graduate courses: Digital Signal Processing (E E 386 & E E 386L) Communication Systems (E E 382 & E E 382L) Computer Methods in Engineering (E E 202 & E E 202L) Engineering Problems and Analysis Lab(ENGR 203L)- Student Member of IEEE- Tau Beta Phi Member Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Degree Name Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Grade 80.1% Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Volunteer Experience Fund Raising Company Name Prajwala Foundation for HIV positive children Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 27 endorsements for Matlab 27 Matlab Endorsed by Jagadish Vakati and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Mounika’s colleagues at California State University-Long Beach Click and drag to reorder skills C++ See 17 endorsements for C++ 17 C++ Endorsed by Pravinkumar Shanmugam, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mounika’s colleagues at California State University-Long Beach Click and drag to reorder skills Signal Processing See 15 endorsements for Signal Processing 15 Signal Processing Endorsed by 5 of Mounika’s colleagues at California State University-Long Beach Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mounika has 21 courses 21 Expand courses section Courses Analog and Digital Communications Communication Systems 1 Computer Communication Networks Computer Methods in Engineering Digital Image Processing Digital Signal Processing Electronic Circuit Analysis Electronic Devices and circuits Engineering Problems and Analysis Laboratory Linear Integrated Circuits Mounika has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Eight bit Universal Shift register Eight bit Arthematic and Logical unit Digital Traffic Light Controller using Finite State Machine Tracking of a maneuvering target using Kalman Based Estimators Mounika has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Telugu Mounika has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification AMCAT Certified Data Processing Specialist Mounika has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Award of Appreciation Mounika has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication INTEGRATION AND AUTOMATION OF SYSTEMS IN PRODUCT IDENTIFICATION AND SEGREGATION Interests Signal Processing Design 5,296 members FLIR Systems 39,109 followers ICASSP - IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing 252 members Sonics, Inc. 2,497 followers Ericsson 988,135 followers Altera 35,579 followers See all See all following
More Actions Eric has a account Eric Gardner Senior Manager, Artificial Intelligence at Intel Corporation Intel Corporation The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Portland, Oregon Area 370 370 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a business and engineering savvy leader who will make this planet a distinctly better place through technology.Today, as a senior manager for Artificial Intelligence (AI) at Intel, I work across our entire company to deliver a compelling AI vision and call-to-action to the market.My background shows that I have consistently excelled at each new challenge in my career, beginning with software engineering, silicon design, product marketing, strategic planning, outbound marketing, product management, and now segment leadership.A few more things about me: -- I thrive on tackling BIG challenges -- I have an uncommonly strong will to win -- My emotional IQ is one of my biggest strengths -- I lead through inspiration and influence, not authority -- I have a keen eye for design, UX and emerging trendsGoing forward, I am most interested in projects that relate to Artificial Intelligence (AI). I'm always interested in new opportunities, ideas, and conversations, so please don't hesitate to connect! See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Solutions Manager, Artificial Intelligence Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location Hillsboro, OR Responsible for cross-Intel AI portfolio positioning, business development and advanced use case research to help our organization, sales teams and customer base stay ahead of the exciting opportunities bestowed by AI. Senior Outbound Marketing Manager, Artificial Intelligence Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Hillsboro, Oregon, USA As Intel’s senior marketing manager for Artificial Intelligence (AI), I work across our entire company to deliver a compelling AI vision and call-to-action to the market. To see my team's most recent work, visit the below link. Media (1) This position has 1 media LINK: Intel Artificial Intelligence: Unleashing the Next Wave LINK: Intel Artificial Intelligence: Unleashing the Next Wave This media is a document Senior Product Manager, Intel® Xeon Phi™ Product Family Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jun 2012 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Location Hillsboro, Oregon, USA As senior product manager for the Intel® Xeon Phi™ product family, I worked cross-functionally with design, architecture, software, manufacturing, marketing, finance, sales, partners and customers to deliver a product at the forefront of high-performance computing and artificial intelligence. Through securing design wins with all major system providers, establishing broad interest, and launching the product, I helped reclaim majority market share for highly-parallel accelerators from GPUs. In the process, I earned both divisional recognition and sales recognition awards, three consecutive years with the highest performance rating, and a promotion. Media (1) This position has 1 media PHOTO: Launch of the Intel® Xeon Phi™ Processor PHOTO: Launch of the Intel® Xeon Phi™ Processor This media is an image Accelerated Leadership Program (ALP) Associate Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jul 2010 – Jun 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Hillsboro, Oregon, USA Q: What is ALP? A: Highly-selective rotational general management program, designed by Intel's executive team to attract and develop top MBA graduates who have a passion for technology and the potential to become Intel's most influential leaders. Find out more: http://www.intel.com/jobs/usa/students/programs/mba.htmPROJECT #1 (8 months): As a product marketing manager in the Embedded Computing Group (ECG), I developed the go-to-market strategy for a new business venture in video analytics, then helped wind down the business and pitch it to venture capital investors after it was cut.PROJECT #2 (8 months): As a strategic planning manager in the Technology & Manufacturing Group (TMG), I established a new team to drive >$100M in efficiencies in capital equipment investment, and collaborated on the analysis that led to Intel's $1B strategic investment in ASML.PROJECT #3 (8 months): As an outbound marketing manager in the Data Center Group (DCG), I led a large cross-functional team to plan and deliver Intel's presence that “stole the show” (HPCwire) at the marquee International Supercomputing Conference (ISC'12). Media (2) This position has 2 media PHOTO: Fab-ulous experience with Intel's manufacturing force PHOTO: Fab-ulous experience with Intel's manufacturing force This media is an image PHOTO: Stealing the show at ISC'12 PHOTO: Stealing the show at ISC'12 This media is an image Accelerated Leadership Program (ALP) Intern Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Santa Clara, California, USA As a marketing manager intern in the Intel Education group, I planned & launched the Intel Education Service Corps program, a CSR initiative for employees to deploy Intel technology in schools and orphanages in emerging markets. The program earned me a divisional recognition award, and continues to make a difference today! To fnd out more here, visit the below link. Media (2) This position has 2 media PHOTO: 1st internship cohort of the Intel Accelerated Leadership Program (ALP) PHOTO: 1st internship cohort of the Intel Accelerated Leadership Program (ALP) This media is an image LINK: Intel Education Service Corps LINK: Intel Education Service Corps This media is a link See more positions Education The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Degree Name MBA Field Of Study Strategy, Entrepreneurship, GM & Finance Grade GMAT 740 (98th percentile) Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2010 Activities and Societies: High-Tech Group, Net Impact, Ice Hockey Group (co-chair) Full-time MBA at the #1 ranked business school (The Economist, Bloomberg Business Week) Duke University Degree Name BSE Field Of Study Electrical & Computer Engineering Grade Summa Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2004 Activities and Societies: PRISM Multicultural House, Phi Beta Kappa, Tau Beta Pi Undergraduate bachelor in science and engineering degree from Top 10 ranked college. Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Marketing See 7 endorsements for Product Marketing 7 Product Marketing Endorsed by 2 of Eric’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Product Management See 5 endorsements for Product Management 5 Product Management Endorsed by 3 of Eric’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Business Strategy See 3 endorsements for Business Strategy 3 Business Strategy Bharath Kanagal and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Eric has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English French Spanish Eric has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Dual Citizenship: United States, Canada Interests The University of Chicago Booth School of Business 65,122 followers Intel Labs 44,875 followers Duke University 140,308 followers Duke University 149,662 followers Chicago Booth: Portland, Oregon 68 members Intel Corporation 879,906 followers See all See all following
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Chou Engineering Director, Tensilica Products, IP Group Cadence Design Systems Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 244 244 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a hardware engineer by day and entrepreneur by night. During the day, I specialize in microprocessor design and lead a small team.At night, I run multiple 6 figure online businesses. Highlights Experience Engineering Director, Tensilica Products, IP Group Company Name Cadence Design Systems Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Development Systems Manager Company Name Tensilica Dates Employed Jun 1999 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 13 yrs 10 mos Hardware Engineer Company Name Electronics For Imaging, Inc Dates Employed 1997 – 1999 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education Stanford University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Processors See 16 endorsements for Processors 16 Processors Endorsed by Nupur Andrews and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Steve’s colleagues at Cadence Design Systems Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Anna Duran Buyer at San Francisco Bay Area Company November 17, 2010, Anna worked with Steve in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Anna when she was a lab manager at Tensilica. Anna is extremely organized, smart and a hard worker. She's also easy to get along with and very driven, someone who I can wholeheartedly recommend to any organization. Accomplishments Interests Stanford University 435,581 followers Stanford University 373,240 followers Pulse 1,535,228 followers Cadence Design Systems 64,029 followers
More Actions Mounika has a account Mounika Akula Application Support Engineer at The MathWorks The MathWorks California State University-Long Beach Greater Boston Area 322 322 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a graduate student at CSULB, starting to look for roles in Semi Conductor industry. As an Electronics major, I'm fascinated by the process involved in fabricating a chip. How does chip fabrication takes place at industry level? What is the minimum scale the chip size (or minimum feature size) be brought down to?As such, I've taken lots of Electronics course work like Micro fabrication, Mixed-signal IC design and VLSI design, which gave me a good understanding and imagination of process from logic circuit to chip and have also earned proficiency in programming Languages like C, MATLAB, Verilog etc. And now I would like to put that experience to good use, involving myself in process of chip-fabrication.Available for Full-time from: 12th January,2014Skills:- Hardware Description Languages: Verilog- Simulation: Multi-sim, Microwind, DSCH, LabView- Synthesis: Xilinx ISE (FPGA)- Test Bench Equipment: Oscilloscopes, Spectrum Analyzers, Logic Analyzers, Digital Multimeter- Applications: MATLAB,Code Composer Studio, Advance Design Systems- Productivity Tools-------MS Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint)- Languages : C, Assembly Language- Hardware----Troubleshooting hardware/software, Installation of system components See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Application Support Engineer Company Name The MathWorks Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 11 mos System Object QE Intern Company Name The MathWorks Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Natick, MA Graduate Teaching Assistant Company Name California State University, Long Beach Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Jan 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Greater Los Angeles Area Grading LAB projects and Assignments of Digital Signal Processing and Communication Systems including tutoring part of course work of Digital Signal Processing.Student Lab In-charge for Computer Engineering Methods and Introduction to MATLAB Education California State University-Long Beach Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Grade 3.545 Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2014 Activities and Societies: Tau Beta Phi, IEEE - Master of Science in Electrical Engineering- Concentration in Electronics and TeleCommunication Engineering- Working as Graduate Teaching Assistant for Under graduate courses: Digital Signal Processing (E E 386 & E E 386L) Communication Systems (E E 382 & E E 382L) Computer Methods in Engineering (E E 202 & E E 202L) Engineering Problems and Analysis Lab(ENGR 203L)- Student Member of IEEE- Tau Beta Phi Member Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Degree Name Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) Field Of Study Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering Grade 80.1% Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2013 Volunteer Experience Fund Raising Company Name Prajwala Foundation for HIV positive children Cause Children Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 27 endorsements for Matlab 27 Matlab Endorsed by Jagadish Vakati and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Mounika’s colleagues at California State University-Long Beach Click and drag to reorder skills C++ See 17 endorsements for C++ 17 C++ Endorsed by Pravinkumar Shanmugam and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Mounika’s colleagues at California State University-Long Beach Click and drag to reorder skills Signal Processing See 15 endorsements for Signal Processing 15 Signal Processing Endorsed by 5 of Mounika’s colleagues at California State University-Long Beach Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Mounika has 21 courses 21 Expand courses section Courses Analog and Digital Communications Communication Systems 1 Computer Communication Networks Computer Methods in Engineering Digital Image Processing Digital Signal Processing Electronic Circuit Analysis Electronic Devices and circuits Engineering Problems and Analysis Laboratory Linear Integrated Circuits Mounika has 4 projects 4 Expand projects section Projects Eight bit Universal Shift register Eight bit Arthematic and Logical unit Digital Traffic Light Controller using Finite State Machine Tracking of a maneuvering target using Kalman Based Estimators Mounika has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Telugu Mounika has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification AMCAT Certified Data Processing Specialist Mounika has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Award of Appreciation Mounika has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication INTEGRATION AND AUTOMATION OF SYSTEMS IN PRODUCT IDENTIFICATION AND SEGREGATION Interests LafargeHolcim 229,049 followers Siemens 1,516,470 followers Beth ComstockBeth Comstock is a LinkedIn Influencer Vice Chair at GE 563,096 followers Hobby Electronics 30,173 members MediaTek 53,746 followers Intel Labs 44,875 followers See all See all following
More Actions Valentin has a account Valentin Brunner Dipl.-Ing. (BA) Elektrotechnik, MBA bei Hekatron Vertriebs GmbH Hekatron Freiburg Area, Germany 77 77 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Produktmanager Company Name Hekatron Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Sulzburg, Baden-Württemberg, Deutschland Leistungsportfolio Manager, Produktmanager-International Dipl.-Ing. (BA) Elektrotechnik, MBA Company Name Hekatron Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 8 mos Location Sulzburg Abschluss des Executive Studiums zum Master of Business Administrator, Abteilungsleiter innerhalb der Elektronikentwicklung Sensorik, Projektmanagement (Technologie) Dipl.-Ing. (BA) Elektrotechnik Company Name Hekatron Vertriebs GmbH Dates Employed May 2005 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Sulzburg Abteilungsleitung innerhalb der Entwicklung, Projektmanagement Dipl.-Ing. (BA) Elektrotechnik Company Name Hekatron Vertriebs GmbH Dates Employed Jan 2001 – Apr 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Sulzburg Projektmanagement zur Produktbereitstellung Dipl.-Ing. (BA) Elektrotechnik Company Name Hekatron Vertriebs GmbH Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Dec 2000 Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Sulzburg Entwicklung Hardware und embedded Firmware im Bereich Brandmelderzentralen und Brandsensorik. See more positions Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests BAUER Group 9,468 followers Hekatron Vertriebs GmbH 239 followers Pulse 1,535,227 followers
More Actions Steve has a account Steve Chou Engineering Director, Tensilica Products, IP Group Cadence Design Systems Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 244 244 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I'm a hardware engineer by day and entrepreneur by night. During the day, I specialize in microprocessor design and lead a small team.At night, I run multiple 6 figure online businesses. Highlights Experience Engineering Director, Tensilica Products, IP Group Company Name Cadence Design Systems Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Development Systems Manager Company Name Tensilica Dates Employed Jun 1999 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 13 yrs 10 mos Hardware Engineer Company Name Electronics For Imaging, Inc Dates Employed 1997 – 1999 Employment Duration 2 yrs Education Stanford University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1999 Featured Skills & Endorsements Processors See 16 endorsements for Processors 16 Processors Endorsed by Nupur Andrews and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Steve’s colleagues at Cadence Design Systems Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Anna Duran Buyer at San Francisco Bay Area Company November 17, 2010, Anna worked with Steve in the same group I had the pleasure of working with Anna when she was a lab manager at Tensilica. Anna is extremely organized, smart and a hard worker. She's also easy to get along with and very driven, someone who I can wholeheartedly recommend to any organization. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,227 followers Stanford University 373,240 followers Stanford University 435,581 followers Cadence Design Systems 64,029 followers
More Actions Ranganarayan has a account Ranganarayan Narasimhan Owner / Chief Engineer at 7 Hills Consulting 7 Hills Consulting University of Rhode Island Greater Boston Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Current Status: Entrepreneur inA. Retail Fast Food Industry (Owner of multiple Subway Restaurants)B. Own and operate a engineering consulting company (7 Hills Consulting) providing engineering consulting services in Electrical and Electronics EngineeringProven engineering and management leader with a unique blend of technical, project management, product development and leadership skills. I have over 15 years of professional electrical and electronics engineering experience specialized in RF System Design, RF Transmitters, Mixed signal ASIC design, High speed PCB design, and Embedded system design. Provided technical and management leadership working in a cross functional diverse / global team environment in creating world class electronic and electro-mechanical products and solutions by using innovation and creativity. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Owner / Chief Engineer Company Name 7 Hills Consulting Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Waltham MA Providing engineering consulting services in all aspects of Electrical and Electronics systems engineering. Areas of Expertise 1. Electronics (Analog and Digital)2. System design strategies for high volume / low cost manufacturing3. Chart out long term technical strategies 4. Simple robust design approaches Engineering Manager Company Name Keurig, Incorporated Dates Employed May 2013 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Burlington MA Senior Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Keurig, Inc. Dates Employed Feb 2009 – May 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 4 mos Location Reading, MA Responsible for the overall architecture and design of Brewer electronics. Currently working on incorporating new technologies for the future brewer designs Senior Electrical Design Engineer Company Name Sensata Technologies Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Electrical engineer in the lead role working with a cross functional team of mechanical, manufacturing, and process engineering to develop automotive sensors e.g: Vision sensors for various driver assistance applications like blind spot detection, lane departure warning systems, and night vision camera systems Electrical Design Engineer Company Name Texas Instruments Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Apr 2006 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Electrical engineer responsible for developing mixed signal ASIC for automotive and off road equipments pressure sensing applications See more positions Education University of Rhode Island Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 Activities and Societies: Member of student chapter of IEEE, Member of Indian Students Association, Graduate teaching assistant for under graduate electronics engineering courses GPA: 3.74Enjoyed full scholarship in the form of tuition fee waiver and monthly stipend offered by the department of electrical and computer engineering to pursue my Masters degreeMasters Thesis Topic: "VHDL synthesis in the FPGA environment" under the guidance of Dr. J.C.Lo Annamalai University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Activities and Societies: Member of Instrumentation society of America, Intra mural Badminton champion, Final year project topic "Hardware based image processing system using DSP" Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics See 22 endorsements for Electronics 22 Electronics Narasimhan Rangaswamy and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 13 endorsements for Embedded Systems 13 Embedded Systems Eli Antonova and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Sensors See 13 endorsements for Sensors 13 Sensors Eli Antonova and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) David Corkum Global Director of Research and Development at TT Electronics plc October 26, 2011, David worked with Ranganarayan in different groups Ranga demonstrated the ability to develop complex multi-chip and mixed signal circuit designs for a challenging automotive development effort with very little technical guidance. His ability to work in multi-disciplinary team, attitude and perseverence are outstanding. Keith Kawate Sensor Development December 21, 2008, Keith managed Ranganarayan directly Ranga led our effort to develop a quick-turn mixed-signal ASIC needed to displace a pressure-sensor competitor at a key customer. His excellent project management, supplier and customer interface, and attention to technical detail enabled first-pass ASIC functionality and on-time sample delivery. Ranga has a positive attitude and has demonstrated the ability to learn new skills quickly. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Ranganarayan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language Hindi Interests Electrical & Computer Engineers | Big Data, Cloud, Mobile, Web, IoT, Wearable, ... 34,553 members University of Rhode Island 78,448 followers high speed board design and development 11,663 members Annamalai University 87,667 followers Intel Corporation 879,908 followers Mixed Signal Electronics/PCB Design 10,611 members See all See all following
More Actions Amarjot Singh has a account Amarjot Singh - Canadian Immigration Counsel ☎ 780-707-4831 ☎ I solve immigration problems in a single consultation. Satisfaction guaranteed. $220 flat fee. http://cmsimmigration.com Thunderbird School of Global Management Hayward, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Direct client testimonials total 35 down below1.Jaspal Singh-Country Manager - BankMuscat, Oman "Strongly recommended. Great knowledge on his subject. Very satisfied " 2. Mustafa Kamal Nazim - Procurement Manager at Lilydale Inc."Amarjot is not an individual but an institution in itself. I have found him nice gentleman who loves to serve beyond bounds. I highly endorse him as man of integrity and honor who cares his clients more than what one expects from him. " 3. Kris Stepney, D.C.- Pediatric Chiropractor and Owner of LiveWell Family Chiropractic "Amarjot is very knowledgeable and organized. He helped me get the job done right the first time in the least amount of time possible. Amarjot was easy to get in contact with and always made time to answer my questions. If you need help with the confusing immigration process, he can help simplify it." 4. Andy Semotiuk - Immigration Lawyer at Pace Law Firm "Amarjot worked for me as my legal assistant from 2007 to 2009. He is well read and knowledgeable in all areas of Canadian and U.S. immigration law. He served me well as an advisor and researcher as well as helped me serve my clients who had immigration problems. He is totally devoted to the subject of immigration and will serve well in any immigration advisory or...more "5. Joshua Kaska Project Management Consultant at AIC Construction Calgary - recommended on September 13, 2014"Amarjot is a detailed, professional, and dedicated immigration consultant. I would like to recommend Amarjot for his services. Amarjot helped me change my TN Visa in less than one week. My experience with Amarjot was quick, to the point, and got the job done right the first time. If you're struggling with all of the legal jargon then Amarjot is your guy." 6. Satish Pillai Managing Director - iMetrix Solutions Private LimitedIf there is one person you'd like to rely on in regards to following a complete no-non-sense approach .....moreMore testimonials below. See below. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Amarjot Singh’s Articles & Activity 4,241 followers Indian H1B layoffs and Canada option. Amarjot Singh - Canadian Immigration Counsel on LinkedIn See 21 more articles Only in Dubai: 23 carat gold for your beard Amarjot Singh shared this Welcome to Desh Punjab Radio! Amarjot Singh commented Amarjot Singh Amarjot Singh shared this See all activity Experience Law research & Seminar Speaker Company Name http://cmsimmigration.com Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Worldwide http://cmsimmigration.com/ Licensed Canadian Immigration Consultant Company Name Immigration Teacher Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Edmonton I provide guidance and paralegal services to indigent clients-pro bono. Check out my site.http://cmsimmigration.com/ ICCRC Immigration Consultant R508214 Company Name ICCRC Immigration Counsel Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Edmonton, Canada Area My calling in life is solving immigration problems. I will solve Canadian Immigration problems. Any PR/Visa Refusals, appeals & judicial reviews. Let them come.I read Immigration law for a living. If you are contemplating a new or you have an existing application which is not turning out the way you wanted, let me take a look. Visit my Web site and when you have time, browse through some of my personal Immigration texts. In Canada, call Tel 1-780-707-4831 Media (1) This position has 1 media Sample cases I do Sample cases I do This media is a link Settlement Counselor Company Name Catholic Social Services Dates Employed 2010 – 2010 Employment Duration less than a year Location Edmonton, Canada Area Immigration Paralegal Company Name Hansma Bristow and Finlay LLP Dates Employed May 2006 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos I am passionate about immigration applications. I did all kinds of apps, including-US Treaty Investor (E-2) visa applications for Canadian citizens. TN, L-1, O, P visas, and family based petitions (I-130).Canadian federal skilled class, family sponsorship, employment (both LMO &amp; LMO exempt), and business immigration.Spouse, common law and conjugal sponsorship cases.Inadmissibility problems at the US port of entry. Waiver of inadmissibility applications.Business Immigration -- investment both in the US (E1/E2, EB-5) and Canadian Investor/Entrepreneurship applications. Education Thunderbird School of Global Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) Field Of Study International Business Grade 3.7 Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1997 Ashton College Degree Name Diploma Field Of Study Immigration Law Grade Hons Diploma Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2012 Activities and Societies: Immigration radio talk show First batch of IMCD Online. Featured Skills & Endorsements Immigration Law See 330 endorsements for Immigration Law 99+ Immigration Law Endorsed by Robert Gertler and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Immigration Issues See 256 endorsements for Immigration Issues 99+ Immigration Issues Endorsed by Andy Semotiuk and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills Visas See 240 endorsements for Visas 99+ Visas Endorsed by AIMS Immigration Specialist, who is highly skilled at this Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (40) Given (3) vinaykumar sanchala QA Specialist E&I at Canadian Natural Resources Limited (CNRL) October 15, 2010, vinaykumar was a client of Amarjot Singh’s Mr.Amarjyot is having excellent knowledge about career search and he is explaining well to make group of the people. i had been enjoyed lot during my yesterday job plan , i got good advise from him.thanks Mr.Amarjyot.Vinay Sanchala Asim Saeed Mechanical Engineer September 20, 2010, Asim was a client of Amarjot Singh’s It's been good timed with amaejot at EMCN. He took two of our classes regarding employment search, where he tought about social network and the roll of that in finding a job.He was quite good and knowledgeable in his field.wishing him best of luck in futureAsim Saeed View 38 more recommendations View 38 more recommendations recommendations Md Kamrul Ahsan Emon Immigration Department Coordinator at Apex Professional Group Ltd. December 14, 2016, Amarjot Singh was a client of Md Kamrul Ahsan’s Emon is experienced professional. Steven Davidson RPR Helping Businesses Consistently Recruit & Hire Better Talent September 17, 2010, Amarjot Singh was a client of Steven’s We invited Steven for a presentation to our Engineering class. His instruction was great. The tips and secrets he provided, were worth taking notes.I recommend him to anybody who seeks direction in managing his career. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Amarjot Singh has 8 publications 8 Expand publications section Publications More than 265000 international students in Canada.. Immigrate to Canada through Alberta Options for Students visa holders in Canada Do you have a minimum of $150,000 to invest in Canada ? How can you Refuse my visitor visa ? I want to invest in Canada !! Canada Immigration for athletes, sports professionals and coaches. Got Permanent Residence in Canada ? How not to lose it. Seminar on PR Residency Amarjot Singh has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification ICCRC Amarjot Singh has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization ICCRC Amarjot Singh has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Case examples Interests H1B Consultants 30,490 members TransCanada 85,377 followers Career Opportunity for Engineers in Abroad 401 members Canadian Immigration Spousal Sponsorship and Appeals 49 members Immigration Referral Network (Lawyers, Consultants, Advisors, Migration Agents) 154 members Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada / Immigration, Réfugiés et Citoyenneté Canada 16,628 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jim has a account Jim Bush Director of Worldwide Sales at Niagara Streaming Media, Part of the Valdor Group Niagara Streaming Media, Part of the Valdor Group Amarillo College Dallas/Fort Worth Area 146 146 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Technical Sales Professional.-Grow business through sales and channel development.-Provide product information and solutions to customer needs.-Account management-Relationship building.-Solutions oriented.-Customer and Company focused.Engineer with broad experience in broadcasting and production equipment. -Capable Director, Manager or Engineer.-Project Management of Broadcast Automation installations.-Director of Field Service.-Proficient in the setup of studio and ENG cameras with an eye for video coloring.-Dedicated and focused troubleshooter.My goal is perform in a professional manner to provide a quality product that solves the customers need.Specialties: Broadcast and Streaming Technology Product knowledge.-Niagara products.-Studio & ENG cameras.-Production switchers.-Master control equipment-IT-Facilities-Security installations. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Worldwide Sales Company Name Niagara Streaming Media, Part of the Valdor Group Dates Employed Feb 2014 – Nov 2014 Employment Duration 10 mos Streaming Technology CompanyNiagara Streaming Media is the Manufacturer of Niagara Streaming Media Encoders.Valdor Technology, Inc. purchased the Niagara business from ViewCast Corporation in February 2014. The company is now similar to a new start up with a much smaller group of employees. I wear multiple hats doing whatever is necessary to grow business. IE: Manage operations, set up new services, new vendors, etc. and continue to fulfill my main sales role.•Work alongside the President to grow business through increasing sales in existing channels and by investigating new Verticals.•Manage sales and leads with the Niagara Streaming Media channel worldwide.•Provide solutions to pre-sales technical questions to fit the correct product to client need. •Manage and distribute the Niagara Streaming Media Worldwide Price List.•Manage Sales Operations including the Onsite Evaluation Pool, use of CRM for tracking Accounts, Opportunities and Leads from incoming calls and Web form submissions. •Management of the Niagara Streaming Media Reseller Portal by approving International Resellers, Certified Resellers and Distributors. Director of Worldwide Sales Company Name ViewCast Corporation Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Feb 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Streaming Technology CompanyViewCast manufactured Niagara Streaming Encoders and the Osprey Capture Cards.•Worked alongside the Vice President of Sales to grow ViewCast business through increasing sales in both existing channels and by investigating new verticals•Assist the VP of Sales by managing much of the product communications between internal ViewCast departments and World Wide Distributors and Resellers.•Provided solutions to pre-sales technical questions by fitting product to client need. •Managed and distributed the ViewCast Worldwide price list.•Acted as the US Channel Manager. Managed the product communications between ViewCast and US Distributors and Resellers.•Managed sales leads by distributing to the ViewCast channel worldwide.•Managed Sales Operations including the Onsite Evaluation Pool, use of CRM for tracking Accounts, Opportunities and Leads from incoming calls, Web form submissions and the Inside Sales Representatives. •Managed the ViewCast Reseller Portal by approving International Resellers, Certified Resellers and Distributors. Director of Corporate Operations Company Name EYESthere, Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Jun 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos A Digital Video Security Company. EYESthere’s goal was to create “Raving Fan” customers. This was a start up company, so I fulfilled multiple roles. • Director of Customer Support. We built DVR’s (digital video recorders) and supported DFW customers and Franchisees across the country.• Project Coordinator for job installations maintaining close customer contact.• Procurement Manager ordering all parts and equipment for our systems and for inventory. • IT Management of two offices. Installing, maintaining routers, switches and also performed desktop support.• Sales Management by encouraging the sales staff to sell on customer solutions and quality, not price. • Sales Engineer by assisting the sales staff with building their proposals and pricing models. Director of Operations Company Name Synergy Broadcast Systems Dates Employed Oct 2001 – Jan 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Synergy Broadcast designs, builds and installs Master Control Automation Systems.• Central Region Sales Manager for first 2 years.• My successes included the sale of the company’s second largest system. • Director of Operations - With my background in engineering, it became obvious that I could fill a most needed role within the company, so I was promoted!• Director of Customer Support – The Field Service Department was moved under my supervision.• Project Manager - Designed the layout of the systems in Visio and created a ‘Scope of Work’. This document outlined the responsibilities for Synergy Broadcast and the customer during the installation of their system.• Sales Engineer – Supported sales and represented the company at various trade and industry shows by doing demos and talking with prospects. After the sale, I managed the internal project web for job tracking and initiated contact with the customer to verify exact operational flow and configuration. Assistant Chief Engineer Company Name KDAF TV33 Dates Employed Jun 1986 – May 2000 Employment Duration 14 yrs Commercial Television Station • Planning and budgeting for 5 year planning purposes. • Installed, upgraded and maintained equipment. Supervised the crew of the maintenance department. We worked closely with the Production, Promotion and News departments fine tuning and repairing the video and audio equipment to include studio / ENG cameras, switchers, editors and special effects equipment to name a few. • IT Management. Building computers, installing software, essentially being the help desk for the entire station, assigning ip addresses, installing modems, routers, switches and managing the associated configurations including troubleshooting T1 and POTS circuit issues with SBC• Facility Maintenance to include fire, plumbing, HVAC, electrical and backup generator. • Energy Management supervisor. This included software monitoring / upgrades, setting / changing schedules and moving / replacing zones, sensors. Education Amarillo College Field Of Study Broadcast Engineering Eastern Oklahoma State College Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Security See 13 endorsements for Security 13 Security Glen Layfield and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Sales See 12 endorsements for Sales 12 Sales David Elliott and 11 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Streaming Media See 10 endorsements for Streaming Media 10 Streaming Media Glen Layfield and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (4) Chuck Adams President, 1UP Aerial Drone Services, Inc. July 17, 2008, Chuck was senior to Jim but didn’t manage directly Jim is of utmost integrity and honesty, with compassion for all those who work with and for him. He also is exceptional a juggling multiple responsibilities as he was Director of Corporate Operations and multiple other roles during this start up phase. He was in charge of Customer Support, his department built DVR’s (digital video recorders) and provided support for DFW customers and the 20+ Franchisees nationally. Additionally, Jim was Project Coordinator for all installations and kept up with day to day operations of two offices. If the 1st 3 jobs were not enough to keep him busy he was in charge of IT Management which included, installing and maintaining routers, switches and performing desktop support. For a brief time he picked up Procurement and was responsible for ordering parts and equipment for our systems and inventory. Jim is a treat to work with and his optimistism is contagious. Rick Rene, MBA CSM SA Accelerated App Dev Practice Lead (Agile, DevOps, Microservices/APIs): Cross industry for NA July 15, 2008, Rick was senior to Jim but didn’t manage directly Jim is a fantastic resource with great technical and operational expertise. He is a dedicated worker that is highly ethical and is a great addition to any team. Jim Bush will be a person who instantly increases the morale of your team since he has such a postive outlook and great work ethic. Thanks,Rick ReneCEO EYESthere, Inc. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Shelby Smith Field Application Engineer at Osprey by VarioSystems December 22, 2011, Shelby worked with Jim in the same group As Inside Sales Manager, I worked with Shelby concerning Sales Engineering requests that came into Sales whether from a prospect or a current customer. Shelby is extremely knowledgeable and is always prompt with his well thought out answers. He is great to work with and his extensive world travels gives him an expertise that is unrivaled. He is professional, courteous and a team player that is willing to go the extra mile to make sure all needs and questions are taken care of promptly. I highly recommend Shelby and think he would be a great addition to any company looking for a professional and dedicated employee.Jim BushInside Sales ManagerViewCast Corporation Carolyn K. Sees, CPP Manager of Accounting at Sigmetrix "I'm passionate about that penny!" December 22, 2011, Jim worked with Carolyn K. in different groups As Inside Sales Manager, I worked with Carolyn concerning payroll requests for myself and the employees in my department and have always found Carolyn a joy to work with. She is professional, courteous and a team player that is willing to go the extra mile to make sure her co-workers needs and questions are taken care of promptly. I highly recommend Carolyn and think she would be a great addition to any company looking for a professional and dedicated employee. Jim BushInside Sales Manager ViewCast Corporation View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests The Economist 3,871,221 followers Howard Industries 5,420 followers Streaming Media Magazine 2,880 members Banking & Finance 11,211,977 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,598,633 followers Samsung Electronics 864,967 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Shea Hardware Engineer at Avaya Avaya Northeastern University Greater Boston Area 102 102 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Avaya Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Hardware Engineer Company Name Nortel Dates Employed Mar 1993 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 16 yrs 10 mos Hardware Engineer Company Name Bay Networks Dates Employed 1993 – 2001 Employment Duration 8 yrs Hardware Engineer Company Name Wellfleet Communications Dates Employed 1993 – 2001 Employment Duration 8 yrs Education Northeastern University Degree Name BSEE Featured Skills & Endorsements Ethernet See 11 endorsements for Ethernet 11 Ethernet Michael Baxter and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware See 8 endorsements for Hardware 8 Hardware Michael Baxter and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 6 endorsements for Embedded Systems 6 Embedded Systems Michael Baxter and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Michael Baxter HW/SI Engineer, Senior Principal II at BAE Systems, Inc. July 15, 2016, Michael managed John directly I have worked closely with John on several fronts at Nortel and Avaya, initially when I was the signal integrity engineer consulting on and with John on his complex module designs and our large modular systems and in recent years as his manager. John is a solid all-around designer with specific strengths in logic design, user port technology and debugging subtle and difficult issues, whether in new products in development or supporting the field team. John has been key in driving and reviewing new design developments with our off-shore partners. I highly recommend John as a key resource of any engineering team. Kevin Morrissey Mechanical Design Engineer December 17, 2009, Kevin worked with John in the same group I have had the opportunity to work with Kevin on several projects during our times at Nortel, Bay Networks, and Wellfleet. The quality of his work is extremely good. Any task, that he was assigned, was completed in a timely and accurate fashion. He has an excellent skill set, terrific attitude and great work ethic. He was an asset to us and will be an asset to any organization that he works with. Accomplishments Interests Northeastern University 222,454 followers Pulse 1,535,228 followers Northeastern University 238,424 followers Avaya 246,265 followers
More Actions Muhammad has a account Muhammad Haris CAD CAM Karachi Tools, Dies & Moulds Centre Pakistan 4 4 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Muhammad’s Activity 4 followers With more than 15 years in mold industry, we have the ability to understand and adapt to your needs and expectation of molds & components. Muhammad liked See all activity Experience cad cam Company Name Karachi Tools, Dies & Moulds Centre Dates Employed Nov 2014 – May 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location baldia town karachi Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,228 followers Karachi Tools, Dies & Moulds Centre 367 followers
More Actions Chuck has a account Chuck Brodeur Electronics & Embedded Consultant Summit Design Services University of Rhode Island Providence, Rhode Island Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Hardware engineering developer and manager with 20+ years of experience in design &amp; development of networking, telecommunications, consumer, and military electronics.Specialties: Engineering project managementOperations managementPersonnel managementSystem architectureHardware design & developmentBoard designFPGA designEmbedded software development See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Chuck’s Activity 501 followers Weekend rush job Chuck liked See all activity Experience President and Principal Designer Company Name Summit Design Services Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 5 mos SDS provides embedded system, hardware, and software design services.Hardware design and developmentEmbedded software designSystem design and specificationsDigital hardware designFPGA designTransition to manufacturingEmbedded system designCompliance test supportManufacturing oversightIndustries: Networking, Telecom, Consumer Electronics, Medical Electronics, Industrial Control Principal Design Consultant Company Name Tri-Star Design, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Hopkinton, MA Product design, electronics design, embedded firmware design, project lead Senior Electronics Engineer Company Name Bay Computer Associates Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs Director of Hardware Development Company Name ThinkEngine Networks Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Managed all aspects of hardware development, sustaining, and production for the ThinkEngine VSR product line including all production-related operations.Also managed the IT group. Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name ThinkEngine Networks Dates Employed May 2002 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Responsible for the architecture and design of all hardware for the ThinkEngine product line. I also managed the activities associated with production test development, transition to production, sustaining, and configuration management. See more positions Education University of Rhode Island Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1989 Activities and Societies: IEEE student chapter, Tau Beta Pi, Eta Kappa Nu Electrical Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 46 endorsements for Embedded Systems 46 Embedded Systems Maura Farrell and 45 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Software See 32 endorsements for Embedded Software 32 Embedded Software Maura Farrell and 31 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 24 endorsements for Electronics 24 Electronics Sarah Tacey and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (8) Lance Forman Sr. Design Engineer at Iwaki America February 21, 2013, Chuck worked with Lance in the same group Chuck is an innovative and smart engineer. He able to multi-task and produce excellent high quality work quickly. Bob Ringuette Principal Software Engineer at EXFO (formerly Brix Networks) July 6, 2009, Bob worked with Chuck in different groups I've worked with Chuck a both Negen Access and Thinkengine Networks and can say sincerely that he is one of the best hardware engineers (and Director) that I've ever had the pleasure to work with. The work that he has consistently produced has been extremely thorough, of the highest quality, and very reliable. His hardware designs have just flat out worked first shot. It's been a pleasure not only working with him, but also writing software to run on his hardware and designs because it has made my job easier! I highly recommend Chuck in his future endeavors, and look forward to working with him again.Bob Ringuette View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Bob Coia Sales engineer at Paragon Electronic Systems July 2, 2009, Chuck worked with Bob but at different companies As a sales engineer, Bob has a wide breadth of knowledge from many years as a designer upon which to draw upon. He always goes the 'extra mile' when helping clients find the right solutions and when they need help solving difficult problems. Bob Coia Sales engineer at Paragon Electronic Systems July 2, 2009, Bob worked with Chuck in the same group Bob and I have worked together in various capacities over several years. As a fellow design engineer, Bob was consistently ahead of schedule and always did excellent work. His work ethic and tenacity helped keep everyone motivated, even on those days when things seemed as though they would come to a grinding halt. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,229 followers Kai Fu LeeKai Fu Lee is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at 创新工场 Sinovation Ventures 423,356 followers Altium Designer User Group 9 members Summit Design Services 6 followers High-Speed Engineering & PCB Design Group 2,106 members EMSinsider #1 Global Electronic Manufacturing 41,962 members See all See all following
More Actions Aditya has a account Aditya Mittal Founder at Protocol-Debug.com Protocol-Debug.com Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay Bengaluru Area, India 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Currently leading Arrow Devices, a semiconductor IP and verification IP products and services company. Previously worked as Senior Design Engineer at Nvidia. Highlights Experience Founder Company Name Protocol-Debug.com Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Bangalore Developing PDA, an EDA tool that quickens and automates debug of SOC and ASIC designs. Working with multiple top-tier semiconductor companies to roll out this new and innovative tool.Roles: + Business Development + Product Development + MarketingAchievements: + 3 US PatentsGet Smart tools, Go home early! Media (1) This position has 1 media Using PDA with a Waveform viewer Using PDA with a Waveform viewer This media is a video Founder & CEO Company Name Arrow Devices Dates Employed Sep 2011 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 9 mos Arrow Devices develops logic verification and debug EDA tools.Roles: + Business development + Product development + Marketing + Hiring & Team building + General ManagementAchievements: + 5 Top-tier semiconductor companies are customers + Successfully bootstrapped + VIP portfolio acquired by top EDA company Founder Company Name Astrumtek Consulting Dates Employed Nov 2007 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Bangalore Started a consulting services company focused on high-value technical consulting in semiconductor design/verification. Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Nvidia Graphics Dates Employed Jun 2004 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos - Led the design development efforts for the Intel FSB bus interface unit of Nvidia chipsets- Unit lead for 3 multi million gate chip tape-outs- Filed 2 US patents on bus arbitration improvements Engineer Company Name pART Private Limited Dates Employed Jul 2002 – Jul 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo - Developed an architectural simulator in C++- Simulator enabled high level architectural performance modeling and analysis- Developed static scheduling algorithms for optimally mapping a menu of tasks onto SOC resources Education Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay Degree Name B.Tech & M.Tech Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2002 My project thesis was the basis of the technology behind Powai Labs, an EDA company incubated at IIT Bombay. Featured Skills & Endorsements SoC See 32 endorsements for SoC 32 SoC Gopinath Anjinappa and 31 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills EDA See 29 endorsements for EDA 29 EDA Endorsed by nitin agarwal and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Aditya’s colleagues at NVIDIA Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Architecture See 8 endorsements for Computer Architecture 8 Computer Architecture Endorsed by 2 of Aditya’s colleagues at NVIDIA Click and drag to reorder skills View 8 more View 8 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (6) Rakesh Mehta Director Mechatronics Test Equipment and Bitmapper Integration Technologies May 4, 2009, Rakesh and Aditya were students together Addy, was one of the best students that I had an opportunity to interact with at IIT Bombay.I still remember the path breaking work he did during his thesis on creating the Hardware Accelerator / Emulator. DIVYANG MALI R&D Engineer - II at Synopsys Inc June 28, 2016, Aditya managed DIVYANG directly Divyang worked on developing Verification IPs for my startup company, Arrow Devices. I found Divyang to be a very detail oriented and diligent engineer. Divyang thinks from a customer centric point of view, unlike most engineers.He also took a lot of initiatives to improve internal development processes. These initiatives have an impact on the whole team by simplifying tasks and making the team more productive. Ambikesh Chaurasia SMTS Design Engineer at AMD May 23, 2016, Ambikesh worked with Aditya in the same group Ambikesh and I worked together on developing an FPGA based Hardware Emulator system at IIT-Bombay. This project was successful and was later commercialized. Ambikesh is a sincere and hardworking engineer. It is fun working with him as he is full of enthusiasm. He has a strong work ethic and strives hard to achieve project goals, however difficult they might be. Ambikesh is easy to work with and is a great team player. I strongly recommend him. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Aditya has 4 patents 4 Expand patents section Patents Priority based bus arbiters avoiding deadlock and starvation on buses that support retrying of transactions Method and system of reducing latencies associated with resource allocation by using multiple arbiters External Storage Device Configured To Provide Enhanced Security Of Stored Information Priority Based Deletion Or Overwriting Of Data Stored On a Storage Device Aditya has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications A Distributed and Pipelined Controller for a Modular and Scalable Hardware Emulator A precise VLSI architecture for a WLAN base-band processor Aditya has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project USB 3.0 Interests Best Advice 6,720,406 followers Technology 20,769,452 followers Entrepreneurship 16,576,382 followers Big Data 5,065,260 followers India 46,702,465 followers Business Travel 4,376,545 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jack has a account Jack Cozens Configuration Engineer at Carpeo Professional Services Carpeo Cirencester College Cirencester, Gloucestershire, United Kingdom 80 80 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent 3 Years of experience working with IBM systems including AS/400, RS/6000, Storewize and storage equipment. Working with both configuration and also technical support has helped me to work with a wide range of people, such as End users and Technical users. This has given me a chance to develop my interpersonal skills. Now i have just joined Carpeo as a Junior Configuration Engineer it means i can utilise the hardware i have been working with for the past few years and put my technical knowledge into software. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Junior Configuration Enginner Company Name Carpeo Dates Employed Feb 2017 – Present Employment Duration 4 mos Location Swindon, United Kingdom Computer Hardware Engineer Company Name Procurri Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Feb 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Cirencester Configured and repaired computer hardware for backend storage solutions. Focusing on IBM equipment, such as: IBM i series, IBM p Seires and IBM storage including, Storewize equipment. Shop Assistant Company Name Waitrose Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Cirencester Working on the Food counters, making sure all health and safety requirements are met and ensuring pleasurable customer experience. Education Cirencester College Degree Name Level 3 Extended Practitioners Diploma Field Of Study Information Technology Grade MMM Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 QA Limited Degree Name Microsoft Technical Associate Grade Pass Obtained 4 MTA's including: Windows 7 Operating Systems, Security, Server Administration and also Networking. Featured Skills & Endorsements IBM AS/400 See 1 endorsement for IBM AS/400 1 IBM AS/400 Ben Reynolds has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Operating Systems See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Operating Systems 1 Microsoft Operating Systems Ben Reynolds has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Computer Hardware See 2 endorsements for Computer Hardware 2 Computer Hardware Daniel Cooper and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Liz RyanLiz Ryan is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder and CEO, Human Workplace; Author, "Reinvention Roadmap" 2,103,346 followers DJ PatilDJ Patil is a LinkedIn Influencer Former U.S. Chief Data Scientist; built & run product teams @ LinkedIn etc; done a bunch of security and some data too 458,681 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,598,649 followers Microsoft 3,687,394 followers Cirencester College 947 followers Pulse 1,535,230 followers See all See all following
More Actions John has a account John Shea Hardware Engineer at Avaya Avaya Northeastern University Greater Boston Area 102 102 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Avaya Dates Employed Dec 2009 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 6 mos Hardware Engineer Company Name Nortel Dates Employed Mar 1993 – Dec 2009 Employment Duration 16 yrs 10 mos Hardware Engineer Company Name Bay Networks Dates Employed 1993 – 2001 Employment Duration 8 yrs Hardware Engineer Company Name Wellfleet Communications Dates Employed 1993 – 2001 Employment Duration 8 yrs Education Northeastern University Degree Name BSEE Featured Skills & Endorsements Ethernet See 11 endorsements for Ethernet 11 Ethernet Michael Baxter and 10 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware See 8 endorsements for Hardware 8 Hardware Michael Baxter and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 6 endorsements for Embedded Systems 6 Embedded Systems Michael Baxter and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Michael Baxter HW/SI Engineer, Senior Principal II at BAE Systems, Inc. July 15, 2016, Michael managed John directly I have worked closely with John on several fronts at Nortel and Avaya, initially when I was the signal integrity engineer consulting on and with John on his complex module designs and our large modular systems and in recent years as his manager. John is a solid all-around designer with specific strengths in logic design, user port technology and debugging subtle and difficult issues, whether in new products in development or supporting the field team. John has been key in driving and reviewing new design developments with our off-shore partners. I highly recommend John as a key resource of any engineering team. Kevin Morrissey Mechanical Design Engineer December 17, 2009, Kevin worked with John in the same group I have had the opportunity to work with Kevin on several projects during our times at Nortel, Bay Networks, and Wellfleet. The quality of his work is extremely good. Any task, that he was assigned, was completed in a timely and accurate fashion. He has an excellent skill set, terrific attitude and great work ethic. He was an asset to us and will be an asset to any organization that he works with. Accomplishments Interests Northeastern University 238,424 followers Avaya 246,265 followers Pulse 1,535,232 followers Northeastern University 222,464 followers
More Actions jay has a account jay Dubey testing, service,hardware,maintainces engineer at nakoda meter nakoda meter Rajgarh, Madhya Pradesh, India 9 9 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name nakoda meter Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Location Nakoda Meters engineer Company Name nakoda meters Dates Employed 2008 – 2015 Employment Duration 7 yrs Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests India 46,702,467 followers Pulse 1,535,232 followers
More Actions Jeff has a account Jeff Murphy Computer Hardware/Software Professional Intel Cornell University Sacramento, California Area 121 121 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Graphics SW Engineer Company Name Intel Dates Employed Apr 2010 – Present Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos 3D Graphics Verification Engineer Principal Company Name Emulex Dates Employed 2007 – 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs Fibre Channel/SAS/SATA ASIC verification Verification Engineer Company Name PMC-Sierra Dates Employed 2006 – 2007 Employment Duration 1 yr Fibre Channel/PCI ASIC verification Verification Engineer Company Name Agilent Technologies Dates Employed 1999 – 2006 Employment Duration 7 yrs Fibre Channel/PCI ASIC verification Engineer Company Name Hewlett Packard Dates Employed 1979 – 1999 Employment Duration 20 yrs Digital Hardware DesignProduct DesignQuality AssuranceNetwork Test Education Cornell University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1975 – 1979 Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Pery Pearson Consultant at Apeiron Data Systems May 18, 2009, Pery worked with Jeff in different groups I've known Jeff since the old days at HP and then Agilent and most recently at Emulex. Jeff is a very intelligent and witty engineer and person. Hard-working, thoughful, and rich experience and depth in ASIC verification (most recently). hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Cornell University 265,749 followers Cornell University 292,219 followers HP Connections: Current Employees and Alumni of Hewlett-Packard, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, HP Inc. 138,119 members Pulse 1,535,232 followers Intel Corporation 879,910 followers HP Alumni - Hewlett-Packard Alumni Association Member 50,242 members
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Hays Senior Quality Engineer / Manufacturing Manager RF Micro Devices Barry University Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area 46 46 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent ***QUALITY - PROCUREMENT - MFG - DEVELOPMENT***(RF Micro Devices / Lenovo / IBM Corporation) RF Micro Devices, Greensboro, NC... Senior Customer Quality Engineer – Corp. HQ. Responsible for the Asian, India and Australian market covering all semiconductor products RFMD manufactures primarily for the cellular phone and base station business. Understand the customer requirements for quality performance and qualification testing. Work with departments internally and teams in Asia to explain the customer request (voice of the customer) and meet or exceed their requirements. LENOVO, RTP, NC...Advisory Quality Engineer – Manufacturing (Lean Six Sigma Representative for General Manager of Manufacturing). Responsible for Lenovo Notebook Computers Worldwide Quality, accounting for multi-billion dollars in yearly sales. First pass yield, out of box audit, KPIs and field performance on Personal Computer Notebook systems and ODM chassis. Provided coaching, training and mentoring for worldwide quality teams.ODM Program Mgr. Procurement, Lenovo, RTP, NC Responsible for quality with ODM manufacturing sites in Brazil, China, USA manufacturing Notebook chassis and Notebook Computers.Supplier Quality Engineer – Procurement, IBM, RTP, NC Responsible for all optical drive products quality which accounted for procurement spend of $490 million range in 2005. Responsible for 12 optical drive suppliers, 19 manufacturing plants, supporting 8 IBM and 3rd party OEM and ODM PC manufacturing plants worldwide on systems Notebook, Server and Desktop.Excellent long-term Six Sigma skills and track record in reducing production line and field performance defect rates. Conducted over 150 factory qualifications and audits traveling to 12 countries. Strong background in supplier quality control, driving suppliers to meet or exceed quality specifications on components and PC system level quality improvement experience.Specialties: AWARDS: Six Sigma, Malcom Baldridge Quality Award.KEY SKILLS: Lean Six Sigma, Supplier Quality Engineer, Certified Lead Auditor IBM, Cross Functional Teams, ISO9001:2008, Manufacturing Manager, Problem Analysis Techniques, Factory Training, Coaching, SMT Process, Quality Management Systems, Contracts, Procedures, Semiconductor, Statistical Process Control, Customer Quality Engineer, Quality Plans, Crisis Management, Failure Analysis, 8D Reports, Cellular Phones.Green RoHS, NPI. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Customer Quality Engineer Company Name RF Micro Devices Dates Employed 2007 – 2008 Employment Duration 1 yr RF Micro Devices, Greensboro, NC... Senior Customer Quality Engineer – Corp. HQ..... see above. Advisory Quality Engineer, Manufacturing Company Name Lenovo Dates Employed May 2005 – Aug 2007 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos (Lean Six Sigma Representative for General Manager of Manufacturing)Responsible for Lenovo Notebook Computers Worldwide Quality, accounting for multi-billion dollars in yearly sales. First pass yield, out of box audit and field performance on Personal Computer Notebook systems and ODM chassis. Provided coaching, training and mentoring for worldwide quality teams.•Team lead cross functional quality improvement teams for manufacturing workmanship, process related and Procurement commodity issues. Far exceeded yearly performance targets. •Received award for OBA performance on the Notebook Computers, Six Sigma project. ODM Program Manager, Procurement Company Name IBM Dates Employed 2005 – 2005 Employment Duration less than a year Responsible for quality with ODM manufacturing sites in Brazil, China, USA manufacturing Notebook chassis and Notebook Computers.•Implemented closed loop corrective action process and improved cross functional communication between ODM, Japan Engineering and China Quality departments. Supplier Quality Engineer, Procurement, Company Name IBM Dates Employed 1993 – 2005 Employment Duration 12 yrs Supplier Quality Engineer responsible for all optical drive products quality which accounted for procurement spend of $490 million range in 2005. Responsible for 12 optical drive suppliers, 19 manufacturing plants, supporting 8 IBM and 3rd party OEM and ODM PC manufacturing plants worldwide on systems Notebook, Server and Desktop.•Reduced incoming quality levels on optical drives at the IBM plants by 31% and improved field performance by 17% which resulted in a $3.1 million cost saving. Received award for the optical drives performance improvement Six Sigma projects.•Developed and implemented the manufacturing qualification process for suppliers used by IBM.•Implemented hard disk drive utility test for our IBM customer support centers worldwide to use to handle field quality calls. Resulted in 10% reduction in field return savings. Manager Manufacturing Company Name IBM Dates Employed 1982 – 1984 Employment Duration 2 yrs Second shift, 29 employees, Component prep, auto insertion machines, wave solder operation, PCB assembly, kitting MOBOT. First shift, 30 employees, sub-assembly, final assembly, Midrange computer product. Education Barry University Degree Name Bachelor of Professional Studies Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1988 Associate of Science, Electronic Technology, Palm Beach Junior College Featured Skills & Endorsements Six Sigma See 6 endorsements for Six Sigma 6 Six Sigma Jacquelyn Stiles and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SPC See 2 endorsements for SPC 2 SPC Craig Olson and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Product Development See 1 endorsement for Product Development 1 Product Development Patricia Hays has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Ken Pierrehumbert Global Alliance Manager at Schneider Electric May 28, 2009, Michael was a client of Ken’s I have known and worked with Mike for over 20 years both at IBM and Lenovo.Mike is one of the most thourough and knowledgable people that I have worked with in his field. Mike is always current with the latest in technical trends and business climate.Mike has a unique way of understanding the highly technical issues within the context of a competitive business. Mike also has a track record of working WITH vendors to improve qualtity rather than simply pointing out their errors.It would be a pleasure to work with or hire Mike. John Hamilton Northeast Regional Sales Manager January 26, 2011, John worked with Michael in different groups I have worked with Mike as a supplier. Mike is a fierce and tireless advocate for quality with suppliers. He has the complete portfolio of quality management experience and skills a manufacturing operation needs I feel. He is a team player and is cross functional and can work very well with all departments such as engineering, manufacturing and procurement. He has extensive experience working with manufacturing subcontractors and suppliers in Asia. Mike has excellent quality crisis management skills and Six Sigma. I highly recommend Mike. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The Ernest Hemingway Foundation of Oak Park 142 members Green 284,071 members Bibliophile 3,280 members Collectable books on JellyFishTree.com 878 members ASQ Raleigh 1,195 members Barry Engineering Professionals Network 56 members See all See all following
More Actions Chuck has a account Chuck Brodeur Electronics & Embedded Consultant Summit Design Services University of Rhode Island Providence, Rhode Island Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Hardware engineering developer and manager with 20+ years of experience in design &amp; development of networking, telecommunications, consumer, and military electronics.Specialties: Engineering project managementOperations managementPersonnel managementSystem architectureHardware design & developmentBoard designFPGA designEmbedded software development See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Chuck’s Activity 501 followers Weekend rush job Chuck liked See all activity Experience President and Principal Designer Company Name Summit Design Services Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 5 mos SDS provides embedded system, hardware, and software design services.Hardware design and developmentEmbedded software designSystem design and specificationsDigital hardware designFPGA designTransition to manufacturingEmbedded system designCompliance test supportManufacturing oversightIndustries: Networking, Telecom, Consumer Electronics, Medical Electronics, Industrial Control Principal Design Consultant Company Name Tri-Star Design, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Hopkinton, MA Product design, electronics design, embedded firmware design, project lead Senior Electronics Engineer Company Name Bay Computer Associates Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs Director of Hardware Development Company Name ThinkEngine Networks Dates Employed Aug 2005 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Managed all aspects of hardware development, sustaining, and production for the ThinkEngine VSR product line including all production-related operations.Also managed the IT group. Principal Hardware Engineer Company Name ThinkEngine Networks Dates Employed May 2002 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Responsible for the architecture and design of all hardware for the ThinkEngine product line. I also managed the activities associated with production test development, transition to production, sustaining, and configuration management. See more positions Education University of Rhode Island Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1986 – 1989 Activities and Societies: IEEE student chapter, Tau Beta Pi, Eta Kappa Nu Electrical Engineering Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 46 endorsements for Embedded Systems 46 Embedded Systems Maura Farrell and 45 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Software See 32 endorsements for Embedded Software 32 Embedded Software Maura Farrell and 31 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 24 endorsements for Electronics 24 Electronics Sarah Tacey and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (5) Given (8) Lance Forman Sr. Design Engineer at Iwaki America February 21, 2013, Chuck worked with Lance in the same group Chuck is an innovative and smart engineer. He able to multi-task and produce excellent high quality work quickly. Bob Ringuette Principal Software Engineer at EXFO (formerly Brix Networks) July 6, 2009, Bob worked with Chuck in different groups I've worked with Chuck a both Negen Access and Thinkengine Networks and can say sincerely that he is one of the best hardware engineers (and Director) that I've ever had the pleasure to work with. The work that he has consistently produced has been extremely thorough, of the highest quality, and very reliable. His hardware designs have just flat out worked first shot. It's been a pleasure not only working with him, but also writing software to run on his hardware and designs because it has made my job easier! I highly recommend Chuck in his future endeavors, and look forward to working with him again.Bob Ringuette View 3 more recommendations View 3 more recommendations recommendations Bob Coia Sales engineer at Paragon Electronic Systems July 2, 2009, Chuck worked with Bob but at different companies As a sales engineer, Bob has a wide breadth of knowledge from many years as a designer upon which to draw upon. He always goes the 'extra mile' when helping clients find the right solutions and when they need help solving difficult problems. Bob Coia Sales engineer at Paragon Electronic Systems July 2, 2009, Bob worked with Chuck in the same group Bob and I have worked together in various capacities over several years. As a fellow design engineer, Bob was consistently ahead of schedule and always did excellent work. His work ethic and tenacity helped keep everyone motivated, even on those days when things seemed as though they would come to a grinding halt. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Altium Designer User Group 9 members Summit Design Services 6 followers FPGA - Field Programmable Gate Array 33,126 members High-Speed Engineering & PCB Design Group 2,106 members DSP - Digital Signal Processing 46,345 members Electronic hardware/software(firmware) designers(CHIPRIGHT.COM Sponsors this group) 26,920 members See all See all following
More Actions Neal has a account Neal Menkus Google - Data Security, Hardware Operations Google College of Charleston Charleston, South Carolina Area 376 376 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent * Technical service group management* Project management* Budgeting and planning* QA Testing - Unit/System/Load with IBM Rational suite* Hardware: servers, PCs, printers, wireless, PDAs, Cisco switches and routers* Network Administration: Windows & AD, Linux/Unix & LDAP, NetWare & ZENworks* Email Administration: Exchange, GroupWise* Website Design/Development* Process implementation* User relations/training* Produce design specifications* Programming: C/C++, Java, Perl, Fortran, PL/I, Basic, Cobol, Pascal, Prolog, Assembler* SQL database development: SQL Server, MySQL, Access* Statistical analysis: SAS System, SPSS* BI reporting: InetSoft (Style Report), SAS, MicroStrategy, JasperReports, Cognos* Standards setting* Documentation* Lucent/Avaya G3 PBX Administration* (used to be) Highly proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Access, Visio, ProjectSpecialties: IT management in a research environment, in particular biotechnology. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Data Security - Hardware Operations Company Name Google Dates Employed Aug 2010 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 10 mos Keep the Google data centers running, so your searches resolve. Technical Support Company Name Dell (Boeing) Dates Employed 2010 – 2010 Employment Duration less than a year Provide technical support for Boeing (Charleston) effort to adopt unified systems. Computer Operator Company Name Roper St. Francis Healthcare Dates Employed Dec 2006 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos * Resolve or appropriately escalate helpdesk calls, including after-hours deskside support of hardware, software, and networking, including wireless.* Monitor network and systems performance, using working knowledge of various hardware, systems, and networks.* Perform system backups and complete daily reports.* Build and configure new servers, decommission old servers. QA Analyst Company Name Forest Technology Group (MeadWestvaco) Dates Employed Nov 2002 – Apr 2005 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos * Develop, code, review, approve, and conduct test plans and test cases. Maintain QA code repository, using CVS/Tortoise.* Test FTGs webFRIS application at both the integration and system levels, using Rational suite.* Install, monitor, and maintain FTG bug tracking system using Apache/Tomcat. * Develop report queries and layout templates for query and reporting engine, using XML and RDL.* Implement field data collection system, using PDAs, MySQL, and Fieldworker software.* Function as backup Networks Administrator. Senior Network Control Analyst Company Name MeadWestvaco Dates Employed Apr 1998 – Oct 2002 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos * Managed comprehensive IT systems for all Division locations: Headquarters, labs, and field offices* Directed day-to-day operations* Prepared and executed short- and long-term operating plans.* Provided financial and operational requirements for budgeting and strategic planning.* Supervised and trained staff.* Maintained effective control of average support cost for workstation PCs, despite reduced budget and increased requirements.* Directed Forestry Divisions on-schedule implementations of all programs critical to effective operations including: SAP R/3, Norton Anti-Virus, Microsoft Office 2000, NetWare, Unix.* Researched, developed, and introduced use of wireless networking, PDAs, Windows 2000, and other functionalities, to improve operations.* Representative on cross-divisional teams for setting hardware, protocols, infrastructure, software and web development standards. See more positions Education College of Charleston Degree Name Bachelor Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 Activities and Societies: ACM Student Chapter - host High School Programming Competitions I took many night classes ... Lake City Forest Ranger School Degree Name Associates Field Of Study Forestry I did a two-year course compressed into one year: study, study, study, ... Featured Skills & Endorsements Servers See 31 endorsements for Servers 31 Servers Endorsed by Nikolaj Karpov, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Neal’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Software Documentation See 24 endorsements for Software Documentation 24 Software Documentation Endorsed by 4 of Neal’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Linux See 23 endorsements for Linux 23 Linux Endorsed by 6 of Neal’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills View 46 more View 46 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (4) You haven’t received any recommendations Laura Seymore Sr System Engineer November 25, 2012, Laura worked with Neal in the same group Laura is complete and accurate in her work, able to dive deep when collecting diagnostic information for resolving problems, always looking for better ways to complete tasks, and eager to accept new challenges. Corey Dunteman Territory Account Manager at Check Point Software Technologies, Ltd. July 6, 2012, Neal worked with Corey but at different companies Corey remains the best sales person I've ever done business with, and as a result CDW was a primary resource for equipment, parts, and supplies for many years. Corey took the time to understand the problems and goals, and he had an encyclopedic knowledge of the options available, combined with a willingness to suggest lower-cost alternatives. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests MeadWestvaco (MWV) 30,634 followers Xooglers & Googlers - Alphabet and Google Alumni & Employees 9,862 members Google 4,871,557 followers College of Charleston 53,810 followers ArborGen Inc 572 followers
More Actions Dennis has a account Dennis Huang Verification Engineer at Intel Corporation Intel Corporation San Jose State University San Francisco Bay Area 116 116 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Driven Hardware Verification Engineer with extensive experience in verification of storage and server SOC. Efficient in delivering verification through development of test plan, identification of verification strategy, analysis and technical troubleshooting under tight deadlines. Strengths in producing bug-free, one-pass products using thorough knowledge of modern technology. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Verification Engineer Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Santa Clara Multi Integrated Core Verification Engineerset up and bring up the reset sequences according to SOC power on specification using OVM methodologyWrote simulation test plan. Developed OVM sequences and testcases.OVM test content owner in server security VJT. Understand and master different protocols in SOC and drive content implementation and execution.Analyze the tests failure and execute the regressionsWork with global teams Verification Engineer Company Name Samsung Electronics Dates Employed 2013 – 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Milpitas Developed test plan. Executing memory logic test plan in block and chip levelTested Memory Controller and Phy IP Core in block level. Also performed tests in the chip level Using VCS, AXI bus driver and Denali memory model.Set up the constraint, coverage groups according to DDR3, DDR4 JEDEC Spec and IP databookImplemented Scoreboard, added SystemVerilog Assertions, enhanced SystemVerilog, UVM environment according to the test planImplemented test sequences and the tests to fully verify DDR3, DDR4 IP cores featuresOpened the problems, implemented the workarounds and verified the problems Hardware Functional and System Verification Engineer Company Name IBM Dates Employed 2000 – 2013 Employment Duration 13 yrs Location San Jose Provided analysis related to design. Developed test strategies and plan. Performed stress and performance tests.Verified 12 System-On-Chip from Entry to Release-To-Manufacturing with teams, meeting target dates. Responsible for PCI, PCIX, PCIE logic, Memory Controller logic, Trace Debug Logic, Copy Engine and DMA verification in SOC, including RTL and gate level simulation.Developed test plans according to the Specification of chips, fully validating DUT and meeting project target dates. Established chip simulation environment. Integrated PCIE and Memory models in UVM environment. Developed and created the testcases and testbenches using UVM and SystemVerilog.Set up random stimulus, constraint parameters, SystemVerilog Assertions (SVA), Functional Coverage (FC) and developed checkers to fully exercise DUT. Led formal random simulation method and skill to confirm DUT, ensuring full coverage was reached. Integrated Denali and IBM internal PCIE model to certify PCIE logic and chips including, PCIE Compliance and Performance within specifications, reaching performance target. Verified memory controller logic(including Supercomputer Blue Gene/Q) and chips using Denali and IBM internal SDRAM model. Executed test plan by quickly debugging, analyzing and identifying logical and simulation code problems. Managed verification environment regressions, debugging any regression failures as they occurred.Set up lab test environment for chips, confirming actual hardware was working the same as the design specification. Education San Jose State University Degree Name Master of Electrical Engineer Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2002 University of California, Los Angeles Degree Name Bachelor of Electrical Engineer Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Analysis See 5 endorsements for Analysis 5 Analysis Javier Leon and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Test Planning See 5 endorsements for Test Planning 5 Test Planning Javier Leon and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SystemVerilog See 6 endorsements for SystemVerilog 6 SystemVerilog Girish Halady and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) H wang None July 22, 2014, Dennis worked with H in the same group Dennis is an experienced, proactive and productive verification engineer. At IBM San Jose verification team, he was responsible to verify PCIE and Memory Controller logic. He can verify different kinds of corner cases in the logic design and did the coverage analysis. He can handle the complex issues and proactively help the teammates. He worked hard in different projects and finished the tasks on time. I hope to work with him again in the future. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Dennis has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Dennis has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Department and Co_Workers Thanks Awards Interests SemiconductorTALENT 3,840 members Chinese Professionals in Technology 8 members Pulse 1,535,232 followers University of California, Los Angeles 508,148 followers Intel Corporation 879,911 followers SystemVerilog for Verification 10,029 members See all See all following
More Actions Hasan Ali has a account Hasan Ali Syed Magdoom I am Looking the new Opportunity in Gulf Countries(UAE, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait, Oman). Inknowtech Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore. Deputed to Mphasis Lakshmi Ammal Polytechnic College, Kovilpatti, Tuticorin Dist Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India 273 273 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Support Enginer Company Name Inknowtech Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore. Deputed to Mphasis Dates Employed Jul 2016 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 9 mos Location Chennai Desktop PC and Laptop Installation and Assembling.Operating System and Software Installation.Troubleshooting and Manage the Operating Systems.Troubleshooting and Manage the Hardware and Network issues.Local and Network Printer Administration.Outlook Mail Configuration.Troubleshooting and Manage the Outlook Mail.Troubleshooting and Manage the User Accounts.Troubleshooting and Manage the Active Directory, DHCP and DNS. IT Technician Company Name International Mechanical and Electrical Company(IMECO) Dates Employed Mar 2016 – May 2016 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Abu Dhabi, UAE Desktop PC and Laptop Installation and Assembling.Operating System and Software Installation.Troubleshooting and Manage the Operating Systems.Troubleshooting and Manage the Hardware and Network issues.Local and Network Printer Administration.Outlook Mail Configuration.Troubleshooting and Manage the Outlook Mail.Troubleshooting and Manage the User Accounts.Troubleshooting and Manage the Active Directory, DHCP and DNS. Technical Support Engineer(Non-IT) Company Name NAFFCO FZCO Dates Employed May 2015 – Sep 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Location Dubai, UAE Firefighting Technical Document Preparation. Service Engineer Company Name Computer Solutions, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India. Dates Employed Nov 2009 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos Location Coimbatore Desktop PC and Laptop Installation and Assembling.Operating System and Software Installation.Troubleshooting and Manage the Operating Systems.Troubleshooting and Manage the Hardware and Network issues.Local and Network Printer Administration.Outlook Mail Configuration.Troubleshooting and Manage the Outlook Mail.Troubleshooting and Manage the User Accounts.Troubleshooting and Manage the Active Directory, DHCP and DNS. Desktop Support Engineer Company Name Inknowtech Pvt Ltd, Bangalore. Deputed to Electronics Data Systems India Pvt Ltd, Chennai Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Perungudi, Chennai Desktop PC and Laptop Installation and Assembling.Operating System and Software Installation.Troubleshooting and Manage the Operating Systems.Troubleshooting and Manage the Hardware and Network issues.Local and Network Printer Administration.Outlook Mail Configuration.Troubleshooting and Manage the Outlook Mail.Troubleshooting and Manage the User Accounts.Troubleshooting and Manage the Active Directory, DHCP and DNS. See more positions Education Lakshmi Ammal Polytechnic College, Kovilpatti, Tuticorin Dist Degree Name Diploma Engineering Field Of Study Computer Engineering Grade 66 Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2005 Certificate has attested by Ministry of Foreign Affairs(UAE). Hidhayathul Islam Hr. Sec. School, Kadayanallur, Tirunelveli Dist Degree Name Higher Secondary Field Of Study Mathematics and Computer Science Grade 59 Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Operating Systems Operating Systems No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Network Management Network Management No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Network Administration Network Administration No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Hasan Ali has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Novell Cerified Networking Technology Hardware Servicing and Maintanence Hasan Ali has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Interests Dubai Islamic Economy Development Centre 2,973 followers Aster DM Healthcare 14,819 followers Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi 87,254 followers Gulf Cryo 13,047 followers Bin Moosa & Daly Ltd L.L.C 4,693 followers Al Ansari Exchange 7,760 followers See all See all following
More Actions Omar has a account Omar Khan Senior Staff Engineer at Samsung Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-New Brunswick Greater San Diego Area 478 478 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I did my PhD in the area of design-for-testability (DFT). My interests are DFT, BIST (LBIST, MBIST and power-aware DFT) and ATPG algorithms.Specialties: DFT and LBIST. Highlights Experience Senior Staff DFT Engineer Company Name Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location San Diego, California Synthesis, DFT, timing, physical design Senior Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos DFT methodology and custom flows Senior Design Engineer Company Name Advanced Micro Devices Dates Employed 2008 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration less than a year Graduate Assistant Company Name Rutgers University Dates Employed Feb 2002 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Did research under the direction of my advisor Dr. Michael Bushnell. Education Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-New Brunswick Degree Name PhD Field Of Study ECE Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2007 Activities and Societies: EOF Summer Teaching University of Virginia Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1998 Beaconhouse School System See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements DFT See 33 endorsements for DFT 33 DFT Endorsed by Janusz Rajski and 8 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Omar’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills ATPG See 20 endorsements for ATPG 20 ATPG Chen Fang and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 17 endorsements for Verilog 17 Verilog Endorsed by Hoang Nguyen, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Omar’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Virginia 165,387 followers University of Virginia 175,285 followers JTAG & DFT Engineers 3,346 members Rutgers University 301,428 followers BSS Alumni 226 members Rutgers University 267,769 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sanjeev has a account Sanjeev Shankar Embedded Systems Engineer(Modem) at Qualcomm Qualcomm Arizona State University San Diego, California 474 474 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Embedded Systems EngineerSpecialties: Embedded Systems, Wireless Communication, Interested in L1, RF, FW Design & Development Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Sanjeev’s Activity 480 followers Today I received the following message "Hi Adhi. Probably I am messaging you for the 1st time. I am Niraj Kamat from Goa, eagerly waiting to join the ASU family this fall 2017. I have been keeping a track of all your suggestions in the WhatsApp group (launchpad 2017). I am also browsing through various threads available on launchpad FB group. All I can say is you and your team have been so grateful in doing this. I understand it needs a great deal of efforts and patience and you guys have nailed it. Thanks for everything. Thanks for launchpad. Great stuff. Cheers😊" Goes to show how a single positive message you receive can brighten your day. Also, it is lovely to see prospective sun devils showing so much gratitude and appreciation for their alumni. Sanjeev liked See all activity Experience Embedded Systems Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed May 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Greater San Diego Area Modem SW Layer 1 Software Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Jun 2012 – May 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Greater San Diego Area Tools and Automation for QCHAT Graduate Research Intern / Associate Engineer Company Name Optilab LLC Dates Employed May 2011 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr Location Phoenix, Arizona Area - Worked on New Product Development involving exploring and researching possible best possible solutions to Real World Problems wrt Fiber Optic Interrogator units- Developing LabVIEW Applications to interface and program Digital acquisition Boards, Micro controllers employing DSP principles - Synchronizing multiple ADC boards to sample in sync,and also such that output can be collated on a centralized applicationSkills Developed: Embedded Systems Design, Hardware Debugging, Basic Optical Components and their operations and usageSerial Communication, RS 232, Synchronizing Hardware units using interrupts, DSP - Sampling/quantization Grader Company Name Arizona State University Dates Employed Jan 2011 – May 2011 Employment Duration 5 mos Grader for Advanced Control Systems course Inplant Trainee Company Name National thermal Power Cooperation (NTPC Ltd. INDIA) Dates Employed May 2008 – Aug 2008 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Unchahar, INDIA Power plant Operation and Maintanence(O&M) Education Arizona State University Degree Name Master’s Degree Field Of Study Electronics Engineering Grade 3.9 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012 Anna University Degree Name Bachelor’s Degree Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Grade University Rank 46; 87%; Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2010 Activities and Societies: IEEE Student Member Featured Skills & Endorsements C See 20 endorsements for C 20 C Endorsed by Aman Inder Singh Sohi and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Sanjeev’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Signal Processors See 14 endorsements for Digital Signal Processors 14 Digital Signal Processors Endorsed by 2 of Sanjeev’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 8 endorsements for Matlab 8 Matlab Endorsed by Ragav Venkatesan and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 4 of Sanjeev’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (2) Geetha Ramadas Professor at R M K Engineering College September 13, 2015, Geetha was Sanjeev’s teacher The one thing which I like the most about Mr.S.Sanjeev is his exceptional character and his independent nature. Very hard working person and always completes the work on time. MONESH CHANDRABABU Electrical Engineer with RF/Microwave Systems Engineering background March 25, 2011, MONESH and Sanjeev were students together Sanjeev is a person who feel everything is possible by working smart.Most of all he has good Analytical and Verbal skills.His out of the box thinking ability , Critical and reasoning ability keeps him separated from the common.His sincerity in rendering things makes him follow the path of success.I strongly recommend him and wish him success for his future ahead. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Adithiya Sreenivasan Nagarajan Senior Control Design Engineer at ABB (FACTS) | Student mentor | Soft skill trainer | Graduate education consultant September 9, 2015, Adithiya Sreenivasan was senior to Sanjeev but didn’t manage directly "All know the way, Few actually walk it" - BodhidharmaAdithiya is among these few. He was my senior at Grad school. He was very active in the student association and used to mentor new grads.At very first interaction with him, one can easily gauge that he has excellent communication skills. He can instantly light up a gathering of people with his genuine affection and gregarious personality. Besides that his achievements so far and the appreciation he has already received from his superiors at work and school stand testimony to his various qualities , which in summary can be titled as those found in "Leaders" . MONESH CHANDRABABU Electrical Engineer with RF/Microwave Systems Engineering background March 24, 2011, Sanjeev and MONESH were students together Monesh was one of the brightest students in our class. He is extremely proficient and seeks perfection in whichever activity he is involved in, his academic and extra curricular activities stand testimony to this, besides I also find him to be a supportive and understanding team mate as well. He has the special ability to mingle with people quiet easily.I am very sure that he will be a reliable and indispensable asset to whichever organization he joins. Accomplishments Interests NVIDIA 208,888 followers Guy KawasakiGuy Kawasaki is a LinkedIn Influencer Chief evangelist 2,228,157 followers Idea Cellular Ltd 80,481 followers ON Semiconductor 50,793 followers Jeff WeinerJeff Weiner is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO at LinkedIn 5,357,376 followers Greg McKeownGreg McKeown is a LinkedIn Influencer New York Times Bestselling Author 263,404 followers See all See all following
More Actions Omar has a account Omar Khan Senior Staff Engineer at Samsung Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-New Brunswick Greater San Diego Area 478 478 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I did my PhD in the area of design-for-testability (DFT). My interests are DFT, BIST (LBIST, MBIST and power-aware DFT) and ATPG algorithms.Specialties: DFT and LBIST. Highlights Experience Senior Staff DFT Engineer Company Name Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location San Diego, California Synthesis, DFT, timing, physical design Senior Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Dates Employed Nov 2008 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos DFT methodology and custom flows Senior Design Engineer Company Name Advanced Micro Devices Dates Employed 2008 – Nov 2008 Employment Duration less than a year Graduate Assistant Company Name Rutgers University Dates Employed Feb 2002 – Jun 2007 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Did research under the direction of my advisor Dr. Michael Bushnell. Education Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey-New Brunswick Degree Name PhD Field Of Study ECE Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2007 Activities and Societies: EOF Summer Teaching University of Virginia Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1998 Beaconhouse School System See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements DFT See 33 endorsements for DFT 33 DFT Endorsed by Kunal Jain and 5 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Omar’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills ATPG See 20 endorsements for ATPG 20 ATPG Chen Fang and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 17 endorsements for Verilog 17 Verilog Endorsed by Hoang Nguyen, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Omar’s colleagues at Qualcomm Click and drag to reorder skills View 23 more View 23 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests DFT Experts 5,835 members VLSI Design for Test 4,132 members Qualcomm 284,154 followers Samsung Electronics America 86,830 followers University of Virginia 175,285 followers Robert HerjavecRobert Herjavec is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder of Herjavec Group | Shark on ABC's Shark Tank | Bestselling Author of You Don't Have to Be a Shark 1,112,243 followers See all See all following
More Actions Richard has a account Richard Sullivan Currently researching for a new position with an exciting company Tiger Technology USA, Inc. Greater Denver Area 54 54 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Warehouse Manager Company Name Tiger Technology USA, Inc. Dates Employed May 2005 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 10 yrs 9 mos Location Denver, CO Receiving & Shipping Coordinator, Safety Coordinator, Quality Assurance Management, Facilities Management, Site Project Coordinator, Site Construction Supervisor, 5S Coordinator, Procedure Manual Coordinator for all Departments, Site Work Flow Chart Coordinator for all Departments. Purchasing Manager Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Mar 1997 – Jun 2002 Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Commodity Management, Facilities support, Strategic Supplier Management, Optimize cost via Outsourcing internal technology support functions, Manage relationships; internal and external, Some Commodity Strategies, Some cross-functional support, Measured continuous improvements, Some college education completed, continued training (CU-Denver) and education in field. Purchasing Agent Company Name Merrill Lynch Dates Employed Feb 1993 – Mar 1997 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Decentralized the Purchasing activities on-site, Created an envelope database utilizing MS Access, Some college education, continued training(Red Rocks Community, Regis & CU-Denver) and education in the field, Commodity forecasts, Cross-functional support, Managed long-term regional and national contracts. Hospital Corpsman Company Name US Navy Dates Employed Jul 1982 – Sep 1986 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Location SD-CA, Camp Lejune, Beaufort NH, PI-USMCRD, Camp Schwab, Camp Pendleton, 29Palms 8404 - Field Medical Technician - USMC, Last duty; 7th Eng., Camp Pendleton"Good Times, Good Times" LOL Featured Skills & Endorsements 5S See 6 endorsements for 5S 6 5S Jordan Knutson and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Access See 4 endorsements for Access 4 Access Dan Spanel and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Contract Negotiation See 3 endorsements for Contract Negotiation 3 Contract Negotiation Corby Knutson and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Richard has 2 courses 2 Expand courses section Courses APICS CPIM Richard has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Warehouse Management System 5S Interests Pulse 1,535,232 followers Tiger Technology USA 12 followers
More Actions Harit has a account Harit Shah Senior Hardware Engineer at BAE Systems BAE Systems New York University Greater New York City Area 129 129 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am a recent graduate from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute with BS in Electrical Engineering. I have experience programming the C8051F120 microcontroller using C. I also have experience designing circuit schematics and creating PCB layouts using OrCAD.I am also currently learning about ladder logic and familiarizing myself with PLC programming.Specialties: - Analyzing a given system and designing appropriate compensators based on the domain. - Designing circuits using both combinational and sequential logic utilizing truth tables and K-Maps.- Designing PCB layouts using OrCAD. - Operational knowledge of oscilloscopes, function generators, DMM, logic probes, network analyzers See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name BAE Systems Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Greenlawn, NY Hardware Engineer II Company Name BAE Systems Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 8 mos Test Engineer Company Name BAE Systems Dates Employed Jun 2011 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 3 yrs 4 mos Undergraduate Researcher Company Name Center for Earthquake Engineering Simulation Dates Employed Sep 2010 – May 2011 Employment Duration 9 mos • Modify schematics and create PCB layouts using OrCAD• Exploring new software for schematic design process• Helping develop components for new data acquisition system Tutor Company Name Tutor Time Dates Employed Oct 2007 – May 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos • Work with children between grades 1st and 10th on any subjects they are having difficulty in• Keep track of their improvement by recording what they worked on each week. See more positions Education New York University Degree Name Master of Science (M.S.) Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2014 Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2011 Featured Skills & Endorsements Testing See 7 endorsements for Testing 7 Testing Shreya P. Trivedi and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 6 endorsements for Matlab 6 Matlab Nikhil Rao and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C See 6 endorsements for C 6 C Mihir Shah and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,232 followers PCB Designers 27,940 members Cadence OrCAD PCB Designer Users 4,293 members New York University 434,011 followers BAE Systems 253,773 followers Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 73,082 followers See all See all following
More Actions Prince has a account Prince Ahmed Hardware Engineer at think big and work hard computer center think big and work hard computer center Cameroon 0 0 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name think big and work hard computer center Zaky Company Name Self-employed Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 4 mos Location Cameroon Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Yuanqing YangYuanqing Yang is a LinkedIn Influencer Lenovo Chairman and CEO 150,666 followers Richard BransonRichard Branson is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at Virgin Group 11,182,292 followers Pulse 1,535,232 followers Daniel BurrusDaniel Burrus is a LinkedIn Influencer Tech Futurist & Innovation Expert 946,601 followers Michael DellMichael Dell is a LinkedIn Influencer CEO and Chairman at Dell Technologies 463,553 followers Bill GatesBill Gates is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 7,598,694 followers See all See all following
More Actions Thien has a account Thien Vu Technical Coordinator at Ministry of Transportation Ministry of Transportation Toronto, Canada Area 1 1 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Technical Coordinator Company Name Ministry of Transportation Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Ontario Ministry of Transportation 9,141 followers Pulse 1,535,232 followers
More Actions Brian has a account Brian Carlton Hardware Engineering at Trex Enterprises Trex Enterprises Stanford University Greater San Diego Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Effectively contribute to and run multifunctional (HW/SW/FPGA) Engineering development teams. Carry a product from concept, through design, and to New Product Introduction utilizing Agile/Scrum and Project Management techniques. Track and improve schedule, costs, and risks. Mentor engineers; lead continuous improvement. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Brian’s Articles 598 followers Released my first Open Source Hardware project, a PCB business card. Brian Carlton on LinkedIn Publish dateNovember 15, 2016 See all articles Experience Hardware Engineering at Trex Enterprises Company Name Trex Enterprises Dates Employed 2017 – Present Employment Duration less than a year Location San DIego, CA Director, Hardware Development Company Name MicroPower Technologies, Inc. Dates Employed 2013 – 2016 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Greater San Diego Area Lead projects with internal, domestic, and overseas engineering, design, and manufacturing teams while balancing schedule, cost, and scope.Responsible for design, production, and test of processing, imaging, and RF cards for extremely low-power wireless surveillance products. Lead Engineer and Project Manager Company Name GET Engineering Dates Employed 2010 – 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location El Cajon, CA Served as Lead Engineer and Project Manager or Project Engineer for multiple projects. Worked with customers and estimated costs and schedules for proposals. Defined architecture for cards.Designed board and Xilinx FPGA for PCI Express-based NTDS to fiber-optic converter. Contractor and Consultant Company Name Penguin Telecom, Inc. Dates Employed 2007 – 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Rockville, MD Clients include ViaSat, DSPlogic, COMSAT Labs, Timeplex Group and Simulation Labs.Coded VHDL and C for an Altera FPGA with embedded NIOS II processor for a LIDAR system Contractor (FPGAs and test) Company Name ViaSat Dates Employed 2007 – 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs Location Germantown, MD Designed, simulated and debugged FPGAs including 10 Gb Ethernet.Created FPGAs and developed Perl-based automated production tests on ground station card and on ground-based beamforming equipment. See more positions Education Stanford University Degree Name MSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Emphasis in computer architecture and digital signal processing architectureAdditional classes in network programming, distributed systems Rice University Degree Name BSEE Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Grade magna cum laude Activities and Societies: Phi Beta Kappa, Tau Beta Pi, Eta Kappa Nu Emphasis in computer science and engineering University of California, San Diego Field Of Study Project Management Volunteer Experience Coach Company Name Science Olympiad Dates volunteered 2013 – Present Volunteer duration 4 yrs Cause Education Coach for Roads Scholar, 2014-2015, 2016-2017Assistant coach for Metric Mastery and Boomilever 2013-2014. Featured Skills & Endorsements Cross-functional Team Leadership See 15 endorsements for Cross-functional Team Leadership 15 Cross-functional Team Leadership Endorsed by 7 of Brian’s colleagues at MicroPower Technologies, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 13 endorsements for Project Management 13 Project Management Endorsed by 5 of Brian’s colleagues at MicroPower Technologies, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 58 endorsements for Embedded Systems 58 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Marc DAmato and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Brian’s colleagues at MicroPower Technologies, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (15) Given (6) Wei Wu Staff Software Engineer at Intuit April 29, 2016, Wei worked with Brian in different groups Brian is my counterpart at hardware side in MicroPower Technologies. As the director of hardware department, Brian led the effort of planning, designing, and developing MicroPower’s 3rd generation camera hardware. Not only is he an exceptional hardware engineering leader, Brian also demonstrates strong talents in project/product management. Brian assesses and manages risks for various projects, interfaces with our oversea OEM and other 3rd party vendors with great attention to details. Brian is a guy with great engineering leadership skills and integrity. He is also very fun to work with and always willing to share his witty insightful thoughts with others. I truly enjoyed working with him and would recommend him highly to any technology companies that need a solid engineering leader Mick Tinker Principal at VoltaLabs.io April 20, 2016, Mick managed Brian directly I enjoyed working with Brian. He is detailed oriented and thorough. In a start-up the development process can be a bit ad-hoc, but Brian brings a more methodical and thorough process to the work, reducing risk without it being overly burdensome. He executes well without supervision and takes advice when offered. View 13 more recommendations View 13 more recommendations recommendations Wei Wu Staff Software Engineer at Intuit May 4, 2016, Brian worked with Wei in different groups Wei came to MicroPower Technologies in late 2015. Within months he and his team had a design and working prototype for adding cloud functionality to our product. I was blow away how much he accomplished so quickly and with such a limited team. He also did a good job leading the Software Engineering department. I whole heartedly can recommend Wei. Ken Taschner President Electronic Technical Services, LLC September 26, 2013, Ken worked with Brian in the same group Ken is one of the two best support engineers I have ever worked with. In many cases the engineers have to bring up the first few prototype boards by themselves. Ken developed the JTAG test suite so that one the board was assembled, we could quickly determine if there were any assembly errors. Then we could also have him test the rest of the prototypes. When we got to production, he had already updated his tests. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Brian has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations IEEE PMI Brian has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Project Management Professional (PMP) Interests Stanford University 435,579 followers Getting Things Done® - Network of GTD® Enthusiasts 30,493 members Trex Enterprises 744 followers The Project Manager Network - #1 Group for Project Managers 1,003,297 members Stanford University 373,209 followers Rice University 57,574 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yuet has a account Yuet Li Director, Power and Binsplit Technology Intel Corporation University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Fremont, California 379 379 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • 20 years experience in microprocessor and server (IA and ARM) design, with leading edge process technology nodes. Led multi-discipline functional teams to drive timing closure, power convergence and post-silicon frequency/power characteization.• Broad and deep understanding of design methodology. Hands on experience in process technology evaulation, die-size scaling, timing and power sign-off, PVT targets and power budget. Defined timing sign-off methodologies, power modeling, analysis, power optimization execution plan, and full-chip timing/power integration.• Experience in platform level requirements. Created product SKU for different market segments, defined product TDP power spec, package thermal design requirement, turbo frequency boost target and created model for power/performance/yield analysis.• Strong knowledge on post-silicon characterization. Correlated post-silicon measure frequency/power with pre-silicon sign-off/estimates. Defined post-silicon power measurement techniques and methodologies at wafer, package and platform levels. Created model to forecast manufacturing yield for cost analysis. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Power and Binsplit Technology Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location 101 Innovation Drive, San Jose Develop pre-silicon Binsplit estimation flow and methodology for FPGA productsEvaluate performance, power, area and cost trade-off to set optimal design pointQuantify STA de-rate with silicon variation for timing guard-band reductionCorrelate frequency and power projection with silicon measurement to root-cause performance gap Create manufacturing yield model for Die Cost projection Associate Technical Director Company Name Broadcom Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Santa Clara Architect and develop power estimation model for different workloads, use-conditions and IP.Define flow to automate block level power estimation and roll-up power to full-chip level.Analyze power for CPU and SoC, identify power hot-spot and drive power optimization across teams.Identify power optimization techniques at RTL, gate and transistor levelsEvaluate frequency, power and process technology trade-off to improve peak performance and performance/watt.Defined post-silicon power measurement methods, techniques and correlate pre-silicon power estimation with post-silicon measurements. Sr Staff Engineer Company Name Next generation Intel Xeon-Phi processor design Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Created 14nm and 10nm Fin-FET process technology scaling parameters. It included device delay, leakage, device capacitance, poly pitch, wire resistance and capacitance dimension and scaling.Evaulated performance and yield trade-off with process nodes ranges from server process to mobile and down to extra low leakage process. Recommend optimal process choice for design team. Provided product performance feedback to process development team.Define design frequency and power target for design team, based on process technology choice, architecture performance target and back-end convergence effort.Quantify frequency, leakage and Cdyn guardband with silicon measured data to ensure accurate modeling of silicon within-die variation. Ensure guardband methodology is not pessimistic to negatively impacting design frequency and powerCreated binsplit projection model and provided performance estimate to architecture team for product feature impact analysis. Also provided yield analysis feedback to product reliability team for DPM projection.Created power projection model and provided power targets to all level of the design hierarchy. Defined low power design methodology for execution. Generated power and thermal map and provided design spec to thermal design team.Compared options of standard cell libraries for design team and evaluated frequency, power and area trade-off. Sr Staff Engineer Company Name 1st Intel Xeon Phi co-processor for HPC Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Led a multi-discipline functional group to define performance, platform TDP power constraints and reliability DPM requirement for shipping SKU (Stock Keeping Units)Created a Monte-Carlo base simulation model to estimate performance, performance per Watt and yield of each product segment. Generated forecast to fabrication and marketing team for wafer-build and cost planningDefined PV frequency for different clock and voltage domains, and set power target at different design hierarchy for design team Verified pre-silicon design power using Synopsis tool (PTPX), identified power reduction opportunities and performed power audits for design blocks. Led post-silicon power/thermal working group to validate leakage, dynamic and analog bias power per voltage rail at both component and platform level and compared with pre-silicon estimates to debug mis-correlation to improve future estimation methodologyLed a binsplit task-force to debug frequency, power, thermal and process defect issues and identified solutions to improve shipped performance and maximized functional yields Sr Staff Engineer Company Name Low Power Design and Convergence Execution Owner Intel Corporation Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs Define the power design constraints for Intel microprocessor.Provide top-down power budget for each design block.Estimate bottom-up power consumption from each design block and rollup data for total power analysis.Defined the power convergence execution strategy and design methodology.Track the project design progress and create project indicator for project management. Identify POR tools for power analysis and optimization for the project. See more positions Education University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Debugging See 16 endorsements for Debugging 16 Debugging Mansoor Mazhar and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Semiconductors See 14 endorsements for Semiconductors 14 Semiconductors Faysal Nuri and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SoC See 10 endorsements for SoC 10 SoC Craig Kuhl and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Samsung Electronics America 86,831 followers Pulse 1,535,232 followers Intel FPGA 955 followers TSMC North America 4,562 followers Power Management Professionals 24,043 members Broadcom Limited 136,310 followers See all See all following
More Actions Valentin has a account Valentin Terziev HW Design Engineer at Xpeqt Xpeqt Bulgaria area 31 31 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience HW Design Engineer Company Name Xpeqt Dates Employed May 2009 – Present Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo HW Design Engineer Company Name Melexis Dates Employed Apr 2007 – May 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements IC See 1 endorsement for IC 1 IC Chavdar Karapanchev has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 1 endorsement for Hardware Architecture 1 Hardware Architecture Chavdar Karapanchev has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Analog Circuit Design Analog Circuit Design No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,232 followers MELEXIS 5,768 followers
More Actions David has a account David Szczypinski Mechanical Engineer Microsoft Purdue University Greater Seattle Area 276 276 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A seasoned mechanical engineer focused on the design of complex systems.Product development experience crosses broad range of industries and roles: the ITAR regulated defense industry, the lean processes of low-volume manufacturing, the development of electromechanical mechanisms, and the world of high-volume production. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Senior Mechanical Engineer Company Name Research In Motion Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Developed a major sub-system of the Blackberry 9350/9360/9370 phone. Required close collaboration with Industrial Designers, Antenna, Audio, Component, Camera, Electrical, and Manufacturing Engineers.Provided on-site manufacturing and assembly support for vendors located in Hong Kong and The People’s Republic of China.Assisted with the development and qualification of three custom electromechanical components. All three components have been reused by multiple programs and are considered best-in-class within RIM’s component portfolio.Manage the relationship with the MCAD Support Team as the local Creo Power User. Responsibilities include local administrative duties, coordinating on-site training, implementation of upgrades, and mentoring engineers on advanced modeling theory. Senior Design Engineer Company Name Design Integrity Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 6 mos Assisted with design and development of industrial and commercial products. Optimized mechanisms through kinematic studies and DOE Mechanical Engineer Company Name TZ Limited Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 6 mos Redesigned existing Shape Memory Alloy (SMA wire) product using DFM, FMEA, and DOE techniques. Supported development from conceptualization through design validation testing and pilot production release. Overall material and assembly cost was reduced by 65%.Wrote three MS Access applications for company-wide use: Inventory Control, Returned Goods Tracking, and Product Validation Testing. Assisted in the development of a low-end MS Access PDM system.Created an Excel-based VB application to cross reference vendors’ stock of 16,000+ unique springs based on design geometry, performance, and cycle life. Mechanical Engineer Company Name Product Development Technologies (TZ Limited Subsidiary) Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Lead Engineer and Project Manager for two $50,000+ product development programs. Responsibilities included: mechanical design, tooling sourcing, manufacturing support, proposal writing, budgeting, scheduling, and client interfacing.Designed and prototyped several MIL-STD products for low-volume production within ITAR (International Traffic in Arms Regulations) environment.Assisted in low-volume specialty manufacturing start-up, including: work build sheets, assembly flow, risk mitigation, ESD safe room and procedure certification, capital investment, assembly fixture design and implementation, training and directing technicians. Education Purdue University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Art & Design Minor Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Development See 21 endorsements for Product Development 21 Product Development Jeremy Stubson and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 10 endorsements for Testing 10 Testing Jeremy Stubson and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Design of Experiments See 9 endorsements for Design of Experiments 9 Design of Experiments Suzi Meffen and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Patrick Markan Senior Mechanical Engineer at Fitbit August 17, 2012, David was senior to Patrick but didn’t manage directly I have worked with Patrick on the development of two BlackBerry devices at RIM. He is a dedicated engineer capable of working with limited information and direction. Not only does he know when to ask questions, he asks the right questions. In junction with his eye for detail, Patrick is a valuable asset and a pleasure to work with. Accomplishments David has 4 patents 4 Expand patents section Patents External Electrical Connection for a Portable Electronic Device Lock Assembly Module for Containing an Earpiece for an Audio Device Seamless Button Array Panels for Handheld Communication Devices Interests Pulse 1,535,233 followers Purdue University 308,087 followers Purdue University 300,071 followers PURDUE Engineering Alumni (Official Group) 10,257 members Microsoft 3,687,411 followers Social Impact 4,924,579 followers See all See all following
More Actions Przemysław has a account Przemysław Bajan Electronics Hardware Engineer Mentor Graphics Fachhochschule Regensburg Katowice, Silesian District, Poland 208 208 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - Electronics hardware development of electronic automotive safety systems (Airbag ECU, TPMS, ACR) and automotive battery management systems- Product engineering (manufacturing of Electrical Power Steering systems)- Quality engineering and management (manufacturing of vehicle instrument clusters)- Digital audio sound processing See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience SQA / Electronics Engineer Company Name Mentor Graphics Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Katowice, Silesian District, Poland Electronics Hardware Engineer Company Name Samsung Electronics - R&D Institute Poland Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Warsaw, Masovian District, Poland Electronics hardware development of automotive battery management systems. Quality Engineer/Manager Company Name DENSO Poland Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Myslowice, Silesian District, Poland Responsibility:Quality engineering support for instrument clusters; staff management & training; supporting allactivities related to Denso manufacturing site in PolandKey areas:- solving current quality problems (data collection and analysis, monitoring of theimplementation of corrective actions and improvement, preparing quality reports)- contact with the customer in terms of product quality,- training of employees in quality control- development and improvement of quality documentation,- monitoring of the quality of production processes,- project management- auditing and qualitative analysis of manufacturing processes and initiating actions to improvethe quality of products / processes- development and implementation of measures aimed at improving the quality of productsand processes. Electrical/Electronics EPS Product Engineer Company Name Nexteer Automotive Poland Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Tychy and Gliwice, Silesian District, Poland Responsibility: Hardware engineering support for electrical/electronic part of Electrical Power Steering (EPS) systems at Nexteer Automotive Poland manufacturing plants in Tychy and Gliwice. Key areas:- implementation of new projects for manufacturing;- FMEA reviews support for new and running projects;- provide continuous improvement, cost reduction and design changes improvement proposals to improve design and to optimize manufacturing process (participation in MCIP, RedX, Six Sigma projects);- qualitative problem solving and technical analysis using advanced problem solving techniques;- management of current issues relating to the product - update drawings, specifications;- cooperation with technical centers, customers and suppliers regarding design changes;- analysis and evaluation of customer requirements and defining the requirements for suppliers of components and electronic systems;- coordinate the assembly of prototypes and parts for the validation tests;- managing and training of technical staff;- ensure actions in accordance with quality management systems ISO14000, ISO/TS16949, PN18000, Nexteer Manufacturing System; Senior Electronics Hardware Engineer Company Name TRW Automotive Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Aug 2010 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos Location Czestochowa, Silesian District, Poland; Farmington Hills, MI, USA Responsibility:Design and development of TRW automotive electronic safety systems (Airbag ECU, Tire Pressure Monitoring System, Active Control Retractor).Key areas:- schematic design (Mentor Graphics DXDesigner) and PCB layout review incl. EMI/EMC principles (Mentor Graphics PADSLayout);- electronic circuit analysis: Worst Case Circuit Analysis (WCCA) calculations in MathCAD incl. ISO7637-2 pulses and circuit simulations (NI Circuit Design Suite, CircuitMaker 2000, Ansoft Simplorer);- system failure analysis: Electrical DFMEA (MS Excel, APIS IQ-RM);- validation, bench testing and measurements (HW verification and error troubleshooting) using custom CAN and K-Line diagnostic software: CTool, WinPTM;- product management from CV to SOP phase;- creation and maintenance of product documentation including drawings, specification and BOM updates;- working with requirements on the system level in Telelogic DOORS;- working with incident tools and software version managers: Jira, SVN;- cooperation with other teams (HW/SW/Test Equipment/Component/Quality) and TRW sites worldwide;- communication with suppliers;- responsibility for the preparation of airbag ECU samples for crash and misuse tests; supervising the correct electrical setup for crash and misuse tests offsite; Education Fachhochschule Regensburg Field Of Study Electrical Engineering - Acoustics/Electroacoustics/Psychoacoustics Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2005 Socrates-Erasmus scholarship at the Regensburg University of Applied Sciences in GermanyM.Sc. thesis: “Implementation of digital audio effects in MATLAB/Simulink” about analog & digital audio signal processing algorithms used in professional audio industry:• tube amplifier simulation,• amplitude effects (ILD panning) and modulation effects (tremolo, ring modulator),• equalization (based on IIR filtering),• delay effects (multitap echo and delays) and delay modulation effects (chorus, flanger),• spatialization (binaural hearing simulators)• artificial reverberation (Schroeder, Moorer, Gardner, Dattorro and FDNs topologies incl. reverb decorrelation techniques and EDR plot analysis). Politechnika Śląska w Gliwicach Degree Name M.Sc. Field Of Study Measurement Science, Electronics and Control in Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1999 – 2005 Activities and Societies: DS Elektron Master studies at Silesian University of Technology Gliwice, Poland Featured Skills & Endorsements DFMEA See 5 endorsements for DFMEA 5 DFMEA Azat Alimbekov, PhD and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 5 endorsements for Electronics 5 Electronics Endorsed by 3 of Przemysław’s colleagues at ZF Group Click and drag to reorder skills Automotive Electronics See 5 endorsements for Automotive Electronics 5 Automotive Electronics Endorsed by 2 of Przemysław’s colleagues at ZF Group Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (7) Tad Radomski Electronics sensors commodity specialist February 21, 2011, Przemysław worked with Tad in the same group Przemyslaw is a trust, honest and a team player person. He has a good grasp of worst case analysis (he was our specialist) and DFMA. Przemyslaw is not satisfied with a simple answer/solution. He likes to study issue thoroughly and provide the best solution. You can rely on Przemyslaw as a technical specialist and a friend. Kamil Przegaliński Commodity Manager at ABB January 28, 2011, Przemysław worked with Kamil in the same group It will be a pleasure for me to recommend Przemek. He is an open mind person with good engineering background. He loves technical challenges. I remember when he created mathematical model of coin battery, that was something. He hates boring and repeatable work but in case of unexcepted and urgent issue he is resolving this with big dedication. Lucjan Brozyna Embedded Design Consultant at Zoe Electronics January 24, 2011, Lucjan worked with Przemysław in the same group Excellent hardware engineer with in-depth HW&SW knowledge and multi-talented person. I believe he has chosen the best way to show his strong sides and achieve a real goals founding own company Zoe Electronics. Wojciech Madejski Senior software developer at Ericpol January 24, 2011, Wojciech worked with Przemysław in the same group The most experienced hardware engineer in our small hardware application group. Top-notch engineering level far beyond the company standards. As a colleague very friendly and trustworthy. Great senior/leadership attitudes. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Przemysław has 13 certifications 13 Expand certifications section Certifications UMR EMC Course: EMC Principles Online Web Training CA Clarity Quality management system ISO/TS 16949:2009 for TEE CEC PTC Windchill / ProjectLink Developing creativity Emotional Intelligence Project management according to PMI-PMBoK FPGA & CPLD design using VHDL language GDPIM (Global Development and Product Introduction Management) Time management / Work organization Przemysław has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English German Polish Interests HARMAN International 76,919 followers Pulse 1,535,233 followers NXP acquires Freescale Semiconductor 98,356 followers Jaguar Land Rover 262,278 followers Nexteer Automotive 41,430 followers Atmel Corporation 47,842 followers See all See all following
More Actions David has a account David Szczypinski Mechanical Engineer Microsoft Purdue University Greater Seattle Area 276 276 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A seasoned mechanical engineer focused on the design of complex systems.Product development experience crosses broad range of industries and roles: the ITAR regulated defense industry, the lean processes of low-volume manufacturing, the development of electromechanical mechanisms, and the world of high-volume production. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos Senior Mechanical Engineer Company Name Research In Motion Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 6 mos Developed a major sub-system of the Blackberry 9350/9360/9370 phone. Required close collaboration with Industrial Designers, Antenna, Audio, Component, Camera, Electrical, and Manufacturing Engineers.Provided on-site manufacturing and assembly support for vendors located in Hong Kong and The People’s Republic of China.Assisted with the development and qualification of three custom electromechanical components. All three components have been reused by multiple programs and are considered best-in-class within RIM’s component portfolio.Manage the relationship with the MCAD Support Team as the local Creo Power User. Responsibilities include local administrative duties, coordinating on-site training, implementation of upgrades, and mentoring engineers on advanced modeling theory. Senior Design Engineer Company Name Design Integrity Dates Employed Oct 2008 – Mar 2009 Employment Duration 6 mos Assisted with design and development of industrial and commercial products. Optimized mechanisms through kinematic studies and DOE Mechanical Engineer Company Name TZ Limited Dates Employed Apr 2008 – Sep 2008 Employment Duration 6 mos Redesigned existing Shape Memory Alloy (SMA wire) product using DFM, FMEA, and DOE techniques. Supported development from conceptualization through design validation testing and pilot production release. Overall material and assembly cost was reduced by 65%.Wrote three MS Access applications for company-wide use: Inventory Control, Returned Goods Tracking, and Product Validation Testing. Assisted in the development of a low-end MS Access PDM system.Created an Excel-based VB application to cross reference vendors’ stock of 16,000+ unique springs based on design geometry, performance, and cycle life. Mechanical Engineer Company Name Product Development Technologies (TZ Limited Subsidiary) Dates Employed Jan 2006 – Apr 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Lead Engineer and Project Manager for two $50,000+ product development programs. Responsibilities included: mechanical design, tooling sourcing, manufacturing support, proposal writing, budgeting, scheduling, and client interfacing.Designed and prototyped several MIL-STD products for low-volume production within ITAR (International Traffic in Arms Regulations) environment.Assisted in low-volume specialty manufacturing start-up, including: work build sheets, assembly flow, risk mitigation, ESD safe room and procedure certification, capital investment, assembly fixture design and implementation, training and directing technicians. Education Purdue University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2005 Art & Design Minor Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Development See 21 endorsements for Product Development 21 Product Development Jeremy Stubson and 20 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 10 endorsements for Testing 10 Testing Jeremy Stubson and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Design of Experiments See 9 endorsements for Design of Experiments 9 Design of Experiments Suzi Meffen and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 11 more View 11 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Patrick Markan Senior Mechanical Engineer at Fitbit August 17, 2012, David was senior to Patrick but didn’t manage directly I have worked with Patrick on the development of two BlackBerry devices at RIM. He is a dedicated engineer capable of working with limited information and direction. Not only does he know when to ask questions, he asks the right questions. In junction with his eye for detail, Patrick is a valuable asset and a pleasure to work with. Accomplishments David has 4 patents 4 Expand patents section Patents External Electrical Connection for a Portable Electronic Device Lock Assembly Module for Containing an Earpiece for an Audio Device Seamless Button Array Panels for Handheld Communication Devices Interests Law & Government 4,506,896 followers Customer Experience 5,176,030 followers Purdue University 308,087 followers Purdue University 300,071 followers Purdue Alumni 52,358 members Microsoft 3,687,411 followers See all See all following
More Actions Yuet has a account Yuet Li Director, Power and Binsplit Technology Intel Corporation University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Fremont, California 379 379 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • 20 years experience in microprocessor and server (IA and ARM) design, with leading edge process technology nodes. Led multi-discipline functional teams to drive timing closure, power convergence and post-silicon frequency/power characteization.• Broad and deep understanding of design methodology. Hands on experience in process technology evaulation, die-size scaling, timing and power sign-off, PVT targets and power budget. Defined timing sign-off methodologies, power modeling, analysis, power optimization execution plan, and full-chip timing/power integration.• Experience in platform level requirements. Created product SKU for different market segments, defined product TDP power spec, package thermal design requirement, turbo frequency boost target and created model for power/performance/yield analysis.• Strong knowledge on post-silicon characterization. Correlated post-silicon measure frequency/power with pre-silicon sign-off/estimates. Defined post-silicon power measurement techniques and methodologies at wafer, package and platform levels. Created model to forecast manufacturing yield for cost analysis. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director of Power and Binsplit Technology Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 5 mos Location 101 Innovation Drive, San Jose Develop pre-silicon Binsplit estimation flow and methodology for FPGA productsEvaluate performance, power, area and cost trade-off to set optimal design pointQuantify STA de-rate with silicon variation for timing guard-band reductionCorrelate frequency and power projection with silicon measurement to root-cause performance gap Create manufacturing yield model for Die Cost projection Associate Technical Director Company Name Broadcom Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 4 mos Location Santa Clara Architect and develop power estimation model for different workloads, use-conditions and IP.Define flow to automate block level power estimation and roll-up power to full-chip level.Analyze power for CPU and SoC, identify power hot-spot and drive power optimization across teams.Identify power optimization techniques at RTL, gate and transistor levelsEvaluate frequency, power and process technology trade-off to improve peak performance and performance/watt.Defined post-silicon power measurement methods, techniques and correlate pre-silicon power estimation with post-silicon measurements. Sr Staff Engineer Company Name Next generation Intel Xeon-Phi processor design Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Created 14nm and 10nm Fin-FET process technology scaling parameters. It included device delay, leakage, device capacitance, poly pitch, wire resistance and capacitance dimension and scaling.Evaulated performance and yield trade-off with process nodes ranges from server process to mobile and down to extra low leakage process. Recommend optimal process choice for design team. Provided product performance feedback to process development team.Define design frequency and power target for design team, based on process technology choice, architecture performance target and back-end convergence effort.Quantify frequency, leakage and Cdyn guardband with silicon measured data to ensure accurate modeling of silicon within-die variation. Ensure guardband methodology is not pessimistic to negatively impacting design frequency and powerCreated binsplit projection model and provided performance estimate to architecture team for product feature impact analysis. Also provided yield analysis feedback to product reliability team for DPM projection.Created power projection model and provided power targets to all level of the design hierarchy. Defined low power design methodology for execution. Generated power and thermal map and provided design spec to thermal design team.Compared options of standard cell libraries for design team and evaluated frequency, power and area trade-off. Sr Staff Engineer Company Name 1st Intel Xeon Phi co-processor for HPC Intel Corporation Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jan 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Led a multi-discipline functional group to define performance, platform TDP power constraints and reliability DPM requirement for shipping SKU (Stock Keeping Units)Created a Monte-Carlo base simulation model to estimate performance, performance per Watt and yield of each product segment. Generated forecast to fabrication and marketing team for wafer-build and cost planningDefined PV frequency for different clock and voltage domains, and set power target at different design hierarchy for design team Verified pre-silicon design power using Synopsis tool (PTPX), identified power reduction opportunities and performed power audits for design blocks. Led post-silicon power/thermal working group to validate leakage, dynamic and analog bias power per voltage rail at both component and platform level and compared with pre-silicon estimates to debug mis-correlation to improve future estimation methodologyLed a binsplit task-force to debug frequency, power, thermal and process defect issues and identified solutions to improve shipped performance and maximized functional yields Sr Staff Engineer Company Name Low Power Design and Convergence Execution Owner Intel Corporation Dates Employed Feb 2006 – Jan 2009 Employment Duration 3 yrs Define the power design constraints for Intel microprocessor.Provide top-down power budget for each design block.Estimate bottom-up power consumption from each design block and rollup data for total power analysis.Defined the power convergence execution strategy and design methodology.Track the project design progress and create project indicator for project management. Identify POR tools for power analysis and optimization for the project. See more positions Education University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1996 Featured Skills & Endorsements Debugging See 16 endorsements for Debugging 16 Debugging Mansoor Mazhar and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Semiconductors See 14 endorsements for Semiconductors 14 Semiconductors Faysal Nuri and 13 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills SoC See 10 endorsements for SoC 10 SoC Craig Kuhl and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 17 more View 17 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Technology 20,769,538 followers Intel Corporation 879,912 followers Samsung Electronics America 86,833 followers Pulse 1,535,234 followers Power Management Professionals 24,043 members Broadcom Limited 136,310 followers See all See all following
More Actions Fred has a account Fred Chang Server Hardware Engineer － MiTAC Computing Technology Corp. MiTAC Computing Technology Corp. Chung Hua University Hsinchu County/City, Taiwan 66 66 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Server Hardware Engineer Company Name MiTAC Computing Technology Corp. Dates Employed Sep 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 9 mos Location Hsinchu City Server Hardware Engineer Company Name Mitac International Corp. Dates Employed Feb 2013 – Sep 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Hsinchu County/City, Taiwan Test Engineer for Research Development Company Name Mitac International Corp. Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Feb 2013 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location Hsinchu County/City, Taiwan Education Chung Hua University Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Computer Science and Information Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2012 Ta Hwa Institute of Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Computer Science and Information Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2003 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Debugging See 3 endorsements for Debugging 3 Debugging Marco Lee and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 2 endorsements for Testing 2 Testing Marco Lee and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 2 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 2 Hardware Architecture Marco Lee and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests 大華技術學院 393 followers Pulse 1,535,234 followers Chung Hua University 2,383 followers Ta Hwa Institute of Technology 422 followers Chung Hua University 2,524 followers
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Smith CTO and Technical Architect Companies House University of Liverpool Cardiff, United Kingdom 108 108 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced technical architect, software and hardware engineer. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Chief Technical Architect Company Name Companies House Dates Employed Jun 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs Chief Technical Architect responsible for the technical strategy, design and architecture of Companies Houses's digital engagement platform.I was responsible for the concept, vision and strategy behind Companies House's new digital engagement platform, which has been acclaimed by the Cabinet Office's digital arm and other public and private sector organisations. The new platform provides free and easy access to company data through open API's and a best of breed website, and will shortly allow companies to manage their own data.In 2015, the service and team who built it were shortlisted for the Civil Service Awards 2015, Digital Category. Media (2) This position has 2 media Acclaimed Free Data Service Acclaimed Free Data Service This media is a link Companies House Developer Hub Companies House Developer Hub This media is a link Chief Technology Officer Company Name RETRO COMPUTERS LIMITED Dates Employed 2014 – Apr 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs Location Luton, United Kingdom As CTO of Retro Computers Limited, I was responsible for technical strategy and direction, assurance and sign-off. As part of this, I managed the day-to-day technical relationships with manufacturing partners involved in tool making, plastics, electronics and assembly. I was responsible for the concept, hardware, software, industrial and package design of the ZX Spectrum Vega, which went into production and general sale in July 2015. I developed the concepts, hardware and software architecture for the next generation products, announced early 2016. Media (2) This position has 2 media Sinclair Spectrum ZX Vega advert Sinclair Spectrum ZX Vega advert This media is a video Retro Computers Retro Computers This media is a link Technical Architect and Senior Developer Company Name Orchid Telematics Ltd Dates Employed May 2001 – Jun 2006 Employment Duration 5 yrs 2 mos As Technical Architect I was responsible for the design and implementation lead of the application architecture for Companies Houses web systems product suite, in addition to application design. This distributed, service based architecture made comprehensive use of XML technologies, web services and Tuxedo.In addition I managed all technical aspects of development, provided technical consultancy, mentoring, peer review, architectural design, risk assessment, research and development across the entire transactional web service portfolio. Architect and Tuxedo Consultant Company Name SunGard Dates Employed Mar 1999 – Mar 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Responsible for the design and team implementation of the business server layer of a distributed case and custody management system for the police force. This work required a high level of experience with BEA Tuxedo, transactional systems, distributed data models, efficient client-server architectures (two and three tier), redundant systems, fault tolerance, system monitoring, network resilience, data abstraction, Oracle and Unix. Team Leader, Senior Developer Company Name Orchid Telematics Limited Dates Employed May 1997 – Mar 1999 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos My chief responsibilities as Team Leader and Senior Developer were to provide a sound scalable architectural base for projects. To lead any technical discussions and meetings between Orchid Telematics and their customers and partners, and to motivate and encourage the development team. This drew on my experience of efficient client-server architectures, Linux/Unix, internet protocol and server design, HTML and web technologies, electronic commerce, redundant systems and network resilience, Unix system administration, distributed systems and Oracle. See more positions Education University of Liverpool Degree Name M.Sc Microelectronic Systems and Telecommunications Field Of Study Electronic Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1993 – 1994 VLSI design, microprocessors, digital signal processing, telecommunications University of Liverpool Degree Name B.Sc. Computer Science Field Of Study Computer Science, Electronic Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Roscoe and Gladstone Hall J.C.R. 1991-1993 Software engineering, formal methods, maths. Featured Skills & Endorsements XML See 16 endorsements for XML 16 XML Endorsed by Simon Rowe, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Chris’ colleagues at Companies House Click and drag to reorder skills Web Services See 11 endorsements for Web Services 11 Web Services Endorsed by Simon Rowe, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 6 of Chris’ colleagues at Companies House Click and drag to reorder skills Unix See 8 endorsements for Unix 8 Unix Endorsed by 4 of Chris’ colleagues at Companies House Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (1) Peter Bainbridge-Clayton CTO and Founder at 360kompany June 21, 2012, Peter worked with Chris in different groups Chris is a highly skilled professional architect with a very wide skills remit. This allows him to be flexible in his approach to problems, and choose the best solution which is most appropriate to the problem when viewed in the wider context of an operational organisation. We worked together on different aspects of the IT systems of the organisation as a whole, and can heartily recommend him as an exemplary Technical and Enterprise architect. Paul Annett Head of Digital Customer Experience. Formerly: Twitter, GOV.UK, and Clearleft. March 9, 2013, Chris worked with Paul but at different companies I would recommend Paul as a committed design leader, who is passionate about user centric design, simplicity and clarity - philosophies he successfully demonstrates and actively teaches through his work. Accomplishments Chris has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Creating the Sinclair ZX Spectrum Vega The ZX Spectrum ULA Chris has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization British Computer Society Interests University of Liverpool 123,258 followers Companies House 7,586 followers Sinclair ZX Spectrum Users and ex-Users 474 members University of Liverpool 129,546 followers RETRO COMPUTERS LIMITED 20 followers FPGA / CPLD Design 26,142 members See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Curtiss Senior Staff Software Engineer at Google Google Case Western Reserve University San Francisco Bay Area 251 251 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Software Engineer from Google and Facebook with extensive systems, scalable software, and site operations experience. Technical lead for search aggregation; strong software designer, architect, communicator, and leader. An original GoogleNews team member, served as technical lead for news infrastructure, with broad experience in backend, frontend, search quality, and scalability. More than 10 patents issued or filed.I like to work with close-knit, talented teams to make people’s lives better through technology. I love building elegant, scalable systems and solving hard technical problems that have never been tackled before. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Staff Software Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Mountain View, CA CTO Company Name Timeful Dates Employed Oct 2013 – May 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Mountain View, CA (acquired by Google in May 2015)Worked with a world-class, venture-backed startup team on an important mission - helping you make the best use of your time. We brought the best thinking in behavioral research, artificial intelligence, and product design to bear on the problem of time management.• Managed backend team. Helped grow engineering team from 4 engineers to 11.• Mentored junior engineers.• Worked with founders to develop product and engineering strategies. Responsible for backend engineering and data science roadmap.• Architected scalable, queue-based system to dynamically compute and send custom push notifications and emails to each user. • Worked closely with design and product team coordinate new iOS AppStore releases every 4-6 weeks.• Built and maintained RESTful syncing service for managing objects across multiple devices.• Responsible for ML/ranking system for suggesting optimal days and times for tasks in users’ todo lists. Software Engineer Company Name Facebook Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos • Technical lead for Search Aggregator service. Re-architected system to gracefully grow as product evolved. Developed asynchronous control-flow framework for managing query execution.• Core team member on Unicorn, the search indexing system that powers GraphSearch.• Implemented aggregator algorithm for dynamically choosing optimal query-plan for complex GraphSearch queries. Akin to JOIN operation, except online queries require latency below 600ms.• Designed and implemented terse protocol to describe privacy characteristics of search results. Enables privacy-checking of every edge returned by GraphSearch. System has never had a major privacy leak.• Built python-based system for automatically pushing multiple 100TB+ search indices to multiple replicas weekly. Reduced need for manual babysitting by 80+% and made system easier to monitor.• Implemented fast result-count estimation and fast random sampling algorithm for search queries comprising dozens to millions of results.• Contributed several features to Folly, Facebook’s open source C++ library. Added features to functional programming module and implemented fast, SSE4.2-based string routines.• Primary author of GraphSearch infrastructure paper presented at VLDB 2013; presenter at multiple recruiting and press presentations. Media (1) This position has 1 media Unicorn: A System for Searching the Social Graph Unicorn: A System for Searching the Social Graph This media is a link Senior Software Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Jun 2002 – Oct 2006 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos • Responsible for design and implementation of software for GoogleNews, a consumer portal with >10M users.• Technical lead for GoogleNews infrastructure – architected systems for data storage, frontend, and backend, webcrawl, data analysis, article clustering, and indexing.• One of three original engineers on the project.• Designed system to scale to millions of news articles per day and tens of millions of page views; site able to generate custom frontpage for every user in real-time.• Built custom caching system for serving dynamic news content in a low-latency, high-volume environment where news freshness is paramount.• Initiated project to remove 25 single-points of failure and transition to fully-replicated, fault-tolerant system.• Launch Engineering: Leveraged extensive experience launching and maintaining major websites to help GoogleMaps, Gmail, and other groups launch their products. Software Engineering Intern Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed May 2001 – Aug 2001 Employment Duration 4 mos • Developed data-analysis tools presently used for company-wide software memory performance tuning. • Enabled automated performance profiling of a commercial software package. Education Case Western Reserve University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Minors in Artificial Intelligence, Mathematics Case Western Reserve University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Skills Software Engineering Software Engineering Click and drag to reorder skills Scalability Scalability Click and drag to reorder skills Python Python Click and drag to reorder skills Machine Learning Machine Learning Click and drag to reorder skills View 6 more View 6 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Michael has 11 patents 11 Expand patents section Patents Extract Operator Filtering Structured Search Queries Based on Privacy Settings Methods and apparatus for ranking documents (2) Query rewriting with entity detection Systems and methods for improving the ranking of news articles Systems and methods for browsing historical content Graphic user interface for a display screen Ranking of documents based on analysis of related documents Methods and apparatus for ranking documents Methods and apparatus for clustering news content Michael has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Unicorn: A system for searching the social graph Interests Dan ArielyDan Ariely is a LinkedIn Influencer Co-Founder and Partner at Irrational Innovations 241,692 followers Timeful 302 followers Daniel PortilloDaniel Portillo is a LinkedIn Influencer Human Sorting Algorithm 74,044 followers Pulse 1,535,234 followers Facebook 1,533,769 followers Case Western Reserve University 63,575 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joseph has a account Joseph Zacchino Engineering Manager at Sanmina Sanmina SUNY FARMINGDALE Greater New York City Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Management of all facets of DC to microwave electronic manufacturing operations and enginerring using over 20 years of experience in clean room / solder production and chemical lab process environments. Functions have included management of engineering, drafting, planning, assembly and test personnel in diverse manufacturing environments. Facilitate communication between design engineering and operations. Also assist the functionality and implementation of manufacturing/service integrated IT systems. Specialties: Successful Team BuildingInformation Technology Including Database and Server AdministrationMaterial Science and ChemistryCertified IPC Trainer for J-STD-001DLean Manufacturing ImplementationTechnical PresentationsHigh Reliability RF Packaging and Thermal ApplicationsPC Board ManufacturingThin Film ProcessesStatistical Process Control See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Engineering Manager Company Name Sanmina Dates Employed Aug 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 10 mos Location Holtsville, NY Working within a core team environment, support new product development by providing service history and lessons learned on similar past products to design out product weakness. Provide best practices to facilitate product repair and support. Work with other Service teams and JDM teams to create a cost effective repair strategy. Oversee design, validatation and implementation of repair and refurbishment. Insure each Service Center and Support Center is fully prepared with training, documentation service material and test equipment needed to fully support customer returns or support questions.Provide leadership to a Failure Analysis Team to perform root cause failure analysis on all “Out of Box” failures, “Early Life” failures and any analysis requested by the customer. Analyze failure trends and escalate appropriately when needed. Report failure analysis results with recommendations to customer support teams and R&D organizations.Provide support for current production in the form of technician training, tester maintenance / repair and continuous process improvement.Act as the primary customer contact for all technical issues/information. Process Engineering Manager Company Name Aeroflex Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Plainview NY Management of a cross disciplined SMT/hybrid micro electronics process engineering team through all facets of technology development and yield efficiency improvements Interface with operations and design engineering to implement design changes on all product lines Developed GUI to monitor yields and defect tracking to improve product reliability and throughput Company representative at JEDEC conferences assuring compliance to changes and updates imposed on military and space level specification standards Customer interface for critical design reviews and failure analysis discussions Manufacturing Engineering Manager Company Name Aeroflex Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Aug 2013 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Plainview, NY Corporate Operations Engineer Company Name Modular Devices Inc Dates Employed May 2010 – Nov 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 7 mos Location Shirley,NY Providing leadership in the development and implementation of plans to optimize existing manufacturing processes and systems within parameters of achieving targeted yields and labor efficiency standards. Production Manager / Manufacturing Engineer Company Name MITEQ Inc Dates Employed Aug 2002 – Apr 2010 Employment Duration 7 yrs 9 mos Management of 40 drafting, planning, assembly and test personnel in a high mix low volume manufacturing environment. Function included manufacturing engineering and IT development. Accomplishments include:Increased departmental shipments > 85% 2002 - 2007Developed and implemented a successful GUI for company ERP system 2002 - 2007Coordinated departmental / product line merges between 2008-2009 Increased Shipments of merged departments > 85% 2008 - 2009 See more positions Education SUNY FARMINGDALE Degree Name BS Field Of Study Manufacturing Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2008 AAS SUNY FARMINGDALE Degree Name AAS Field Of Study Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1999 Deer Park High School Dates attended or expected graduation 1983 – 1986 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Manufacturing See 93 endorsements for Manufacturing 93 Manufacturing Endorsed by Murphy Dawood 11,000+ Connections and 10 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Joseph’s colleagues at Cobham AvComm (Aeroflex) a Cobham Company Click and drag to reorder skills Lean Manufacturing See 91 endorsements for Lean Manufacturing 91 Lean Manufacturing Endorsed by Stan Stone CFPIM and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Joseph’s colleagues at Sanmina Click and drag to reorder skills Engineering See 54 endorsements for Engineering 54 Engineering Endorsed by Murphy Dawood 11,000+ Connections, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 10 of Joseph’s colleagues at Cobham AvComm (Aeroflex) a Cobham Company Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (7) Given (10) Vincent W Dell'Aquila Senior Project Architect at New York Design Architects, LLP January 19, 2012, Vincent W worked with Joseph but at different companies Joseph is a true professional and an innovator in his field. I have known Joseph for over thirty years and I do not hesitate to say any organization would benefit tremendously from his ambition, talent, decision making ability, mentorship and most of all leadership. I welcome the opportunity to answer any questions regarding Joseph and provide further details. Thank you, Vince Dell'Aquila, R.A. Paul Bastedo Test Supervisor at L-3 Narda - MITEQ January 7, 2013, Paul reported directly to Joseph It was an honor to work for Joe at our time at MITEQ. He was always supportive and professional. View 5 more recommendations View 5 more recommendations recommendations Michael L Experienced Production Control Planner at Aeroflex/Cobham Motion Controls March 6, 2014, Joseph managed Michael directly Hiring Michael into his planning role at MITEQ was one of the best decisions I made for my company at the time. He possesses every skill required to accomplish success in his role and has innate IT skills that go beyond the requirements of the job. Michael has a passion for computers and the role they play in the function of the company. I am lucky enough to be working with him once more at Aeroflex and looking forward to collaborating with him as we help our company continue to compete in our ever competitive industry. Barry Zang Sr RF Microwave Test Technician January 1, 2013, Barry worked with Joseph in the same group Barry and I had worked together for 17 years on projects that ranged from simple RF designs all the way to complex high rel RF products. Regardless of the scope and detail required to do the job correctly, Barry’s approach would always be methodical, structured and accurate. As a Manufacturing Engineer I would appreciate Barry’s involvement due to his acknowledgement and inclusion of the finer points that would make processes run smoother. Barry has an excellent mix of scientific theory coupled with practical know how and is adept in communicating the intentions of his designs to his coworkers. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Joseph has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Italian Interests Zebra Technologies 70,510 followers Sanmina 76,031 followers Lockheed Martin 520,508 followers Pulse 1,535,234 followers L3 180,276 followers POWRMOD 26 followers See all See all following
More Actions Dave has a account Dave Howe Semi-tame geek at ANS Group plc,doing cloudy stuff; professional "JOAT"​ and penguin farmer... ANS Group plc Polytechnic of Wales Manchester, United Kingdom 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent General purpose Geek. Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Dave’s Activity 567 followers UKFast announces record year as turnover hits £40m Dave liked Richard’s photo Dave liked I really wanna cry if I get one more email from a security vendor regarding wannacry. I appreciate all of the vendors that have great products and solutions, but this is worse than the RSA conference invites. :-) Dave replied to a comment Ever not been paid by a client for a placement? Yeah? So have I. Here's what happened when said client faxed me by mistake, some time afterwards. https://goo.gl/9npQwZ Dave liked Better late than never. Dave commented Keep Britain in the Single Market Dave commented See all activity Experience Software and Hardware Engineer Company Name ANS Group plc Dates Employed Mar 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Manchester, England Development, Fault resolution and deployment assistance for the Rapid Cloud automation platform. Nagios/Icinga/BI Developer Company Name ANS Group plc Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Mar 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location Manchester, England ANS are refocussing on a managed services / cloud provision solution, and core to this is the newly minted monitoring platform; based on nagios/icinga as the scheduling and messaging engine, this largely consists of custom monitors written by David to monitor the wide range of cisco, citrix, microsoft, netapp, oracle and so forth in both the ANS hosted flexpod environment and customer LANs. Senior Support Technician Company Name ANS Group plc Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Dec 2013 Employment Duration 7 yrs 10 mos As part of the third line support team, David undertakes a wide range ofremote and on-site support tasks while maintaining and improving his skillsets in a numberof areas such as Linux and Cisco technologies. In addition to diagnosis and repair ofsystem/subsystem failures, Example tasks would be:· Install and configure rackmount hardware (servers, SAN modules or networking)· Install and configure operating systems and clusters· Install, configure and tune webservers, databases, email servers etc· Design and implement custom network services in MFC/C++· Design and implement custom SCOM management packs· Design and implement a distributed, Nagios based monitoring solution for multiplecustomer environments in ANS's “cloud”.· Implement web microsites and product landing pages While initially employed as part of a team emphasizing flexibility and breadth ofskillset, ANS are experiencing rapid change as they grow rapidly into a more specializedservice provider; for that reason, David's role has changed many times and will no doubtchange again. Senior Systems Engineer Company Name Sharp Electronics (UK) ltd Dates Employed Jan 1999 – Aug 2005 Employment Duration 6 yrs 8 mos Administer, support and maintain servers in a mixed novell/windows/unix environment; oversee network administration using ciscos and hp procurve networking equipment and security using checkpoint and cisco firewalling.a part of the Information Technology support team, David's duties included support for a wide variety of servers and server processes plus acting as second line support for the internal user Helpdesk team.His duties included· Installation and support of Solaris servers / Checkpoint FW-1 / VPN1· Installation and support of Linux and Unix servers· Installation and support for all versions of windows· Installation and support for Oracle, MS SQL and MySQL· Installation and administration of Exchange / unix mail (Sendmail etc)· Web development (Apache, IIS, iplanet, perl, PHP, VBScript)· Project lead for various projects (such as modification of VNC to use Novell Edirectoryfor user lookup, Crystal to access SAP databases from a web front end, VPN over ADSL linkfor branch offices)· Configuration, installation and support of network equipment / services· End user support in a variety of packages (office, crystal, many others)· Developer support for SAP/R3 unix development· Maintenance and support of server hardware Programmer and Support Technician Company Name Tecsun Computer Services Dates Employed Aug 1994 – Dec 1998 Employment Duration 4 yrs 5 mos · Writing of custom import/export routines to interface Prophecy to other unix basedpackages (eg, BACS export)· Construction and support of windows based CRM databases with a variety of backends· Support and bespoke expansions to windows+oracle accountancy package· Support of HPUX, Novell and Windows installations· Installation and Support of various databases including oracle and ingress· Installation and support of citrix Winframe and Metaframe TS products See more positions Education Polytechnic of Wales Field Of Study Computing Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1990 Information Technology (Degree) Sunderland Polytechnic Dates attended or expected graduation 1987 – 1988 Computing and mathematics (Joint Scheme in Science) (Degree) Wearside college Dates attended or expected graduation 1985 – 1987 BTEC OND See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Servers See 44 endorsements for Servers 44 Servers Endorsed by 13 of Dave’s colleagues at ANS Group Click and drag to reorder skills VPN See 42 endorsements for VPN 42 VPN Marnix Petrarca CEH and 41 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Cisco Technologies See 42 endorsements for Cisco Technologies 42 Cisco Technologies Marnix Petrarca CEH and 41 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 40 more View 40 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Leigh Harrison Managing Director at Gestalt Networks January 22, 2014, Dave worked with Leigh in different groups During his time at ANS, I had to interact with Leigh before, during and after installations at customer sites in order to better support the customer base we mutually serviced. Leigh has a depth of technical understanding that made working with him a pleasure and his customer-facing skills led to him receiving many commendations from customers in their 360 feedback - I would happily work with him again in the future. Shaine Fisher Sticky Kiwi Limited | Social Commerce at Sticky Kiwi April 22, 2011, Shaine worked with Dave in the same group Shane was an extremely productive and skilled Microsoft specialist, popular with clients and staff alike. His skill and banter are sorely missed on the team. Accomplishments Dave has 4 certifications 4 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Linux Engineer (10) Cisco CCNA (Routing & Switching) Cisco CCNA (Security) Cisco CCNA (Voice) Interests Pulse 1,535,234 followers North of England Excellence 210 followers Kali Linux Experts 1,411 members CompTIA Cybersecurity Analyst (CSA+) Study Group 172 members Ethical Hacker 18,560 members Linux Expert 104,444 members See all See all following
More Actions Venkata Gowtham has a account Venkata Gowtham Devarapalli Vehicle ATC Integration Lead Engineer at Bombardier Transportation Gurgaon, Haryana, India 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Background: Railway/Automobile Industry experience with Electrical/Electronics/Software/RF Engineering skills. Actively looking for job and open to work in any industry. Willing to relocate as well. Highlights Experience Vehicle ATC Integration Lead Engineer Company Name Bombardier Transportation Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos * Two year assignment to work on Delhi Line-7 CBTC (Communication Based Train Control ATO/UTO - i.e. Fully Automated & driver less system) project - India* Interface with Onboard & ITC (Installation Test & Commission) team to ensure knowledge transfer and operational rules of newly developed CBTC On-board ATC (Automatic Train Control) system.* Involved in Vehicle ATC System integration design review meetings with DMRC (Delhi Metro Rail Corporation) customer and also with HRC Rolling stock contractor.* Assist in other CBTC related projects like Purple Line – Bangkok and Klang Valley Mass Rapid Transit (KVMRT).* Gained more experience on CBTC system along with field experience. Hardware Engineer Company Name Bombardier Transportation Dates Employed Nov 2013 – Jul 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Großraum Pittsburgh und Umgebung Part of Design & Development of the Onboard ATC (Automatic Train Control) hardware modules that used in CITYFLO 650 CBTC System (Communication Based Train Control).Also involved in Development of Vehicle ATC simulator. Engineer 1 Company Name LHP Software (LHPU) Dates Employed Sep 2013 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 2 mos “SAE International” certificate of Mastery on Control Systems – Diesel Engine • J1939 CAN Communications, Embedded Control Systems, MATLAB Simulink, Controls Theory and Application, Hardware-In-the-Loop (HIL) system, Moto Tune ECU Calibration Tool.• Diesel Engine and Controls Project – (Speed Governing; Controls Model; System Diagrams; Wiring; Code Generation; CAN), Throttle Control & Engine Management System Project. Electronics Design Engineer Company Name GE Transportation Dates Employed May 2012 – Jun 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 2 mos Location Erie und Umgebung, Pennsylvania  Responsible for the network design, implementation and maintenance in locomotive communication and control systems.  Understand, derive and integrate electrical and mechanical requirements from locomotive subsystem design specifications into a complete locomotive design.  Participate in design reviews.  Use of configuration management tools for documentation change control.  Responsible for network integration and testing activities ensuring quality specifications are met. System study (i.e. Off-Highway Vehicle’s & Locomotive’s Electronics modules) Research for new electronics components to replace obsolete.  Projects: Wireless Communication Module (i.e. Ethernet, WIFI, GPS, GSM, CDMA), Traction Motor Control, Engine Control Unit, Locomotive simulator etc. Electronics Engineer Company Name SpinningDesigns.Inc Dates Employed Feb 2012 – May 2012 Employment Duration 4 mos  PCB design and test electronics devices  Micro-controller based circuits, Relays, LED & RGB drivers etc. Electronics Components study for BOM generation. See more positions Education University of Bridgeport Degree Name MS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Grade 3.68 Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Activities and Societies: * Done industrial related projects in Low power & Analog VLSI, Nano Electronics, RF CMOS VLSI and Speech Signal Processing courses. COURSE WORK:- Low power VLSI, RF CMOS VLSI, Analog VLSI, VLSI Testing, Nanotechnologies, Analog Communication, Modern Wireless Communication Systems, Speech Signal Processing.MASTER THESIS:- My research is based on Quantum-dot Cellular Automata (QCA). QCA technology belongs to nano-electronics and is a potential successor for CMOS transistor technology. Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, India Degree Name B.Tech Field Of Study Electronics & Communication Engineering Grade 3.61 Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 COURSE WORK:- Computer Networks & Architecture, Power Electronics, Control Systems, Microprocessors, Microcontrollers, VHDL, Digital Signal Processing, Cellular and Mobile Communication, Satellite Communications.FINAL YEAR GRADUATION PROJECT:- Development of an Embedded Security System for ATM using GSM. This project was elected as BEST AND INNOVATIVE PROJECT OF 2009 in the College. Featured Skills & Endorsements Matlab See 11 endorsements for Matlab 11 Matlab Endorsed by 3 of Venkata Gowtham’s colleagues at University of Bridgeport Click and drag to reorder skills Pspice See 7 endorsements for Pspice 7 Pspice Kireeti Gudipati and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C See 7 endorsements for C 7 C Endorsed by 2 of Venkata Gowtham’s colleagues at University of Bridgeport Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (2) Given (0) Mary Jane Dubner Associate Dean - University of Bridgeport IDEAL Admissions September 16, 2011, Mary Jane was a client of Venkata Gowtham’s Venkata Gowtham approaches his work projects with much dedication and professionalism. He is extremely knowledgeable in creating and designing recruitment databases to support marketing and strategic planning. His initiative, adaptability and flexibility shine throughout the projects. He is punctual and holds a great attitude that support and reflect his high performance. He is reliable, responsible and works well with others. Venkata’s unwavering devotion to his work exemplifies his strong work ethics. He would be an asset to any employer and I recommend him for any endeavor he chooses to pursue.Mary Jane DubnerAssociate Dean - IDEAL AdmissionsUniversity of BridgeportBridgeport, CT Navarun Gupta Chair and Associate Professor at University of Bridgeport September 26, 2011, Navarun was Venkata Gowtham’s teacher Gowtham is a pleasant and well natured student who is easy to work with. He completes his tasks on time, and with precision. Academically, Gowtham scored within the top 20% of my class. I taughts him several graduate level engineering courses. Gowtham is gifted mathematically, and also is good in programming and problem solving skills. He was also a graduate assistant in our department, and his supervisor has good things to say about him. Gowtham also taught middle school students in Bridgeport some classes in computer skills and his received good reviews from the students and other teachers. Overall, Gowtham is a good candidate for any job and I recommend him without hesitation. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Venkata Gowtham has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification “SAE International” certificate of Mastery on Control Systems – Diesel Engine Interests Pulse 1,535,235 followers Careers: Getting Started 4,327,441 followers GE Healthcare 524,143 followers Alstom 284,961 followers MobileComm Professionals, Inc 5,448 followers Carlos GhosnCarlos Ghosn is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman and CEO, Renault-Nissan Alliance 844,255 followers See all See all following
More Actions Usha has a account Usha Kesavaraman Hardware Verification Engineer at Qualcomm Qualcomm San Francisco Bay Area 3 3 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Verification Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Staff Engineer Company Name Sun Microsystems Inc. Dates Employed 2000 – 2007 Employment Duration 7 yrs Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Qualcomm 284,155 followers Pulse 1,535,235 followers
More Actions Carlos has a account Carlos Mireles Outage Manager/Engineer & Global Product Support Engineer at HCL/Nokia HCL America / Nokia DeVry University Phoenix, AZ Phoenix, Arizona Area 242 242 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A proactive, resourceful, and detailed-oriented Senior Engineer in the telecommunications industry offering years of experience in systems integration, system test, complex network maintenance and outage recovery. Presently seeking a new and challenging opportunity in the technology industry. History of serving on major projects successfully executing application rollouts, expansions, platform migrations, and upgrades, as well as delivering senior level support. Solid reputation of delivering high impact results through the effective combination of technical expertise, acute attention to detail, and exceptional communication skills. Technical:LTE eNB, UMTS, RF, RNC, NodeB, GSM, Call Server, Media-Gateway, SGSN/GGSN, HLR, IP Networks, VoIP, ATM, Access Networks, Fixed Networks, Triple Play, IMS, MTA, GR 303 Gateway, Line/Access Gateways, Fax, VMS, PBX, Unified Communicator, Call Center, Hunt Group, IVR, Auto Attendant, Cisco Call Manager, 911, SIP, MGCP, H.323, ISDN, POTS, DNS, FTP, SFTP, TFTP, Firewalls, Access Lists, ALG’s, SBC’s, SGW’s, LAN/WAN, Switching, Routing, Wifi, CMTS, Cable Modem, Backup Solutions, Element Manager WMS, Web Servers, OEM Client/Server, Apache, Tomcat, Unix, Linux, Solaris, VxWorks, Java, Microsoft Windows, C++, MS/dos, Visual Basic, Oracle, MySQL, VMware, XML, SOAP, TL1, SharePoint, Java, Citrix, HA (High Availability), load balancers, QXDM, Wireshark, TCPDump, Spectrum Analyzers See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Outage Manager / Engineer & GPS Engineer Company Name HCL America / Nokia Dates Employed Aug 2014 – Jan 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Provided senior level technical customer support for telecom reported issues. Identified solutions, resolved complex issues, and restored outage conditions to meet SLA contracts. Prioritized restoration efforts and managed resources based upon criteria, location, size of outage, and duration. Managed crews who assisted with restoration and provided teams with estimation of restoration times. UMTS/LTE Wireless Engineer Company Name Alcatel-Lucent Dates Employed Apr 2006 – Aug 2014 Employment Duration 8 yrs 5 mos Location Phoenix, Arizona Area - Wireless Engineer working on end to end solutions on UMTS & LTE networks - Work with R&D to identify application issues and drive solutions by following our internal support practices business guidelines- Establish communication with 3rd party business partners addressing problems related to software and hardware. -Identify trends, analyze system performance/capacity, and monitor system behavior via Key Performance Indicators VoIP Support Engineer/System Test/Field Service Engineer Company Name Lucent Technologies Dates Employed Jul 2003 – Apr 2006 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos - Support and assisting with various VoIP implementations / solutions for customers including Verizon, Sprint, AT&T, Department of Justice, Cingular, Qwest, Alltell, and Sun Microsystems. - Provide onsite support for reported problems and various upgrades/patches to ensure optimum performance. Perform onsite installation for new site sites. - Onsite visits reviewing customer’s network topology LAN/WAN validating the infrastructure for VoIP deployments. Provide recommendations as needed in preparation for expansion, disaster recovery, and redundancy configurations- Perform and execute Acceptance Test Plans in both lab and production environments. Run and conduct test plans to ensure quality product loads to meet customers’ expectations- Evaluate tools for network performance, voice quality assessments, and network managements systems for various customers Technical Support Engineer Company Name AGCS Dates Employed Dec 2000 – Apr 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos - Provide the Technical Service Support operation with high level of customer satisfaction on VoIP GR303 Gateways and DSL equipment- Provide internal customer support for the release of new CI and GA products. Ensure support is required to meet Turnover and Standardization dates established by development groups. - Define and create design requests per customer needs and propose them to Product Management. Create and follow through on open Enhancements requests on behalf of the customer providing timely manner updates. Education DeVry University Phoenix, AZ Degree Name BS Field Of Study EET Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements VoIP See 16 endorsements for VoIP 16 VoIP Endorsed by 3 of Carlos’ colleagues at Nokia Click and drag to reorder skills Wireless See 13 endorsements for Wireless 13 Wireless Buller, Jason and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills LTE See 10 endorsements for LTE 10 LTE Endorsed by 8 of Carlos’ colleagues at Nokia Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (8) Given (1) Andrés Susarret HCL America January 11, 2017, Andrés managed Carlos directly Carlos and I have been working together for the past several years and he's a great person to work with. First of all, when he gets involved in a conversation over a difficult customer issue and the customer is on the call and people are panicking, he is a definite presence: he knows how to assert his ideas to help center the conversation and help the group work toward a path to a resolution. He expresses himself very well in all circumstances. In his role in technical support, he also brought to bear a wealth of knowledge on voice and data networks and could make short work of any technically challenging issue. He worked well with everyone on the team and jumped in and helped wherever anyone could benefit from his help. I saw him as one of the potential leaders in the team in the succession plan. I would enjoy the opportunity to work with Carlos again if it comes again. Indu Narayanan Systems Engineer at Nokia -Distinguished Member of Technical Staff (DMTS) January 21, 2009, Indu worked with Carlos in different groups Carlos is a very enthusiastic and energetic individual. I got an opportunity to work with him when I had to use the lab he was in charge of. He was very helpful and got everything setup with a very short turnaround. He is very intelligent, he knows his field of work very well. I highly recommend him. View 6 more recommendations View 6 more recommendations recommendations Ivan Molina IT Director of Network Architecture at First Data Corporation February 18, 2009, Carlos worked with Ivan in different groups Working with Ivan has always been enjoyable for me as I have learned a great deal from him. We have worked on complex reported issues together as a team to resolve customer reported issues during various VoIP projects. I've always been impressed with the his quick responses, exceptional communication skills, and extremely technical ability to resolve issues. I strongly recommend Ivan to any organization as he is a great team player and very technical. Ivan is a team player, mentor, and very accountable to get the job done! Accomplishments Carlos has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Spanish Carlos has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Nokia CNF, CNA, & CNP Certification Interests Merrill Lynch 393,795 followers Polycom 76,636 followers CommScope 45,450 followers Voice Over IP (VoIP) 14,495 members T-Mobile 219,916 followers HCL Technologies 689,544 followers See all See all following
More Actions Sean has a account Sean Lorimer Hardware Engineer at Ciena General Dynamics Mission Systems - Canada Carleton University Ottawa, Canada Area 181 181 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name General Dynamics Mission Systems - Canada Dates Employed Aug 2016 – Present Employment Duration 10 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area Hardware Engineer Company Name Ciena Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Jul 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area Hardware Engineer Company Name General Dynamics Canada Dates Employed Sep 2005 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 8 yrs 2 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area Hardware Designer Company Name GasTOPS Dates Employed Aug 2002 – Sep 2005 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Ottawa, Canada Area Power Supply and System Design Assistant Company Name Astec Advanced Power Systems Dates Employed Sep 2000 – Sep 2001 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Kanata Education Carleton University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2002 University of Colorado Boulder Degree Name Professional Certificate in Power Electronics Field Of Study Power Electronics Featured Skills & Endorsements Electronics Hardware Design See 23 endorsements for Electronics Hardware Design 23 Electronics Hardware Design Steve Rodger and 22 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 16 endorsements for Embedded Systems 16 Embedded Systems Barry Brown, P.Eng. and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 16 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 16 Hardware Architecture Gord Roller and 15 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) John Thomas Consultant - Display Technology June 28, 2013, John managed Sean directly I selected Sean partly because he was capable of changing his racing car from carburettor to fuel injection - a significant engineering accomplishment. In addition, he was clearly keenly interested in analogue and power electronics, sufficient to undertake post-graduatel level training to enhance his design capabilities in this area.Over several years, I felt confident in handing over broad and widely ranging assignments that required acquisition of new skills to Sean. He asked sensible questions, indicating that he was preparing himself for the assignments that required a broader knowledge set, such as display performance measurement. He never let me down and also contributed to my own understanding of various problems.Despite my wish to convert Sean to a display specialist, he has adhered to his initial wish to undertake power electronics design. We paired him with an older expert in this discipline and over several years it has become clear that Sean is now a self-starter in this specialist engineering area. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Ciena 57,618 followers University of Colorado Boulder 211,762 followers Carleton University 109,536 followers DEFENSE AND AEROSPACE CONNECTIONS 88,084 members POWER SUPPLY DESIGN CENTER 7,892 members Carleton University 113,777 followers See all See all following
More Actions Usha has a account Usha Kesavaraman Hardware Verification Engineer at Qualcomm Qualcomm San Francisco Bay Area 3 3 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Verification Engineer Company Name Qualcomm Staff Engineer Company Name Sun Microsystems Inc. Dates Employed 2000 – 2007 Employment Duration 7 yrs Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Qualcomm 284,155 followers Pulse 1,535,235 followers
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Mogk Manager - Hardware Quality Assurance at Thales Rail Signalling Systems Thales Rail Signalling Systems Toronto, Canada Area 254 254 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Manager - Hardware Quality Assurance Company Name Thales Rail Signalling Systems Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 4 mos Senior Hardware Engineer / Hardware Operations Company Name Thales Rail Signalling Systems Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Mar 2011 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Hardware Engineering Manager Company Name Tricom Technologies Inc. Dates Employed Jan 2002 – Feb 2009 Employment Duration 7 yrs 2 mos Senior Mechanical Designer Company Name Atlantis Systems International Dates Employed 1990 – 2002 Employment Duration 12 yrs Process Analyst - Industrial & Manufacturing Engineer Company Name Haworth Dates Employed Jan 1986 – Jan 1990 Employment Duration 4 yrs 1 mo Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (3) You haven’t received any recommendations Edwin Correa, CPCC Sr. Human Resources Business Partner June 21, 2016, Michael worked with Edwin in different groups I have had the pleasure of working with Edwin since coming to join us at Thales. I have found him to be extremely professional and very helpful in assisting me to meet my departmental resourcing needs. Always supportive and willing to go the extra mile. Truly an individual who cares about people and helping to advance them along their career path. I have full confidence in his ability to produce and provide quality services to any organization or individual who chooses to works with him. Jamie Jabier Mechanical Designer at Aversan Inc. November 1, 2010, Michael managed Jamie directly I can highly recommend Jamie on both a personal and professional level. A top notch designer with excellent conceptualization skills. He brings to the table not only the design authority, but also a thorough understanding of all processes required to design and manufacture custom hardware and integrated systems. A keen ability to work well in a team environment or on his own, Jamie is to be considered an excellent asset to any company who is in a position to challenge him. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Accomplishments Interests CAE 66,966 followers Atlantis Systems International 773 followers Pulse 1,535,235 followers Thales 248,949 followers
More Actions Oliver has a account Oliver John ___ Eltex Elektrostatik GmbH Management Center Innsbruck Weil am Rhein, Baden-Württemberg, Germany 60 60 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Produktionsleiter Company Name Eltex Elektrostatik GmbH Dates Employed Jul 2014 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Projektmanager Company Name Eltex Elektrostatik GmbH Dates Employed Sep 2009 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Weil am Rhein Junior Research Assistent Company Name University of Basel Dates Employed Mar 2009 – Aug 2009 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Basel DBIS - Research Group Education Management Center Innsbruck Degree Name Master of Science in Engineering (M.Sc.) Field Of Study Industrial Engineering and Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 Management Center Innsbruck Degree Name Bachelor of Science in Engineering (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Mechatronics & Mechanical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 UNSW Australia Degree Name Study abroad Field Of Study Mechatronik, Robotik und Automatisierungstechnik Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements C++ See 2 endorsements for C++ 2 C++ Michael Hohensinner and 1 connection have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Microsoft Office See 1 endorsement for Microsoft Office 1 Microsoft Office Raphael Farfeleder, PMP has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Mechanical Engineering See 1 endorsement for Mechanical Engineering 1 Mechanical Engineering Raphael Farfeleder, PMP has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests MCI Management Center Innsbruck 5,759 followers UNSW 218,323 followers Eltex Elektrostatik GmbH 11 followers Pulse 1,535,235 followers UNSW 204,732 followers Magna International 144,174 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Perkins Principal RF Engineer at Arris Pace Americas Sacramento, California Area 284 284 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Specialties: Antenna design , High - power , high linearity power amplifiier design to 7.5 GHzCircuit design including LNA. filters , and hybrids / couplers. System design for SISO and MIMO radios. Power amplifier design and optimization. RF power control loops and closed - loop power control design . RF power amplifier characterization for dense - constellation digital modulation up to and including 256 QAM.Optimization of circuits and systems for high throughput communication.Experience through 24 GHz See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Michael’s Articles 286 followers Pace RF Engineering working on 1024 QAM optimization Michael Perkins on LinkedIn Publish dateNovember 9, 2015 See 1 more article New Antenna designs From Pace Michael Perkins on LinkedIn Publish dateSeptember 17, 2015 Experience Principal RF Design Engineer Company Name Pace Americas Dates Employed Jan 2011 – Present Employment Duration 6 yrs 5 mos Circuit and system design for high throughput 802.11N and 802.11ac designs. Advanced design at 24 GHz for MIMO communications systems . Optimization for power amplifiers including linearity optimization and accurate power control loops to maximize output power while providing adequate linearity for complex digital modulations upto and including 256 QAM.Optimization of closed loop power control for RF Power . Antenna and system design for 802.11 G,N, .11ac . Antenna evaluation in 3 meter 3D test system. RF Architect/ Principal RF Design Engineer Company Name Pace Americas Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Present Employment Duration 9 yrs 5 mos Location Nevada City RF and System design on 2.4 and 5 GHz WLAN MIMO designs. Design and evaluation of antennas and RF front ends for 802.11 N and .11ac designs.RF power amplifier design and optimization for dense digital modulation constellations including 256 QAM Principal RF Engineer Company Name Qualcomm/ Airgo Networks Dates Employed Jul 2003 – Jan 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 7 mos RF design on MIMO A/B/G/N transceivers Director of Applications Engineering Company Name Theta Microelectronics Dates Employed Jan 2001 – Jun 2003 Employment Duration 2 yrs 6 mos Location San Jose, CA Director of RF Application Engineering for a Single MMIC A and G band 802.11 WLAN IC Principal RF Design Engineer Company Name Sharewave Dates Employed 1996 – 2001 Employment Duration 5 yrs Complete Wireless system and circuit design , including antennas See more positions Featured Skills & Endorsements RF See 34 endorsements for RF 34 RF Paul Ferrara and 33 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Antennas See 22 endorsements for Antennas 22 Antennas Endorsed by Nelson Young, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Michael’s colleagues at ShareWave Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Wireless See 17 endorsements for Wireless 17 Wireless Paul Ferrara and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 47 more View 47 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Power Amplifier Design Issue 1,089 members Qualcomm 284,155 followers RF Power Amplifiers 10,674 members Transceiver SoC Architecture & Digitally-enhanced RF/analog circuit techniques 1,400 members RF and Microwave Community 37,862 members Radio Microwave, Satellite & Optical Communications 12,097 members See all See all following
More Actions Harvey has a account Harvey Palmer Test Operations Lead with deciBel Research Inc. deciBel Research, Inc. Computer Training Center Huntsville, Alabama Area 204 204 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I have a wide variety of experience in DoD and Missile Defense covering electronics hardware design, electrical engineering, software engineering and development, systems engineering, Unix and Linux system administration, and business administration. I am a motivated and fast learning team player who enjoys the success of a job well done. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Harvey’s Activity 204 followers “Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right.” Henry Ford Harvey commented Encouragement from my son! What a blessing! I'm glad he's got my math skills because we both lack art skills! lol Harvey commented See all activity Experience Test Engineer Company Name deciBel Research, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Location Huntsville, Alabama Test Event Lead, Test Operations Lead and team member for BMDS sensors supporting MDA test execution. I use my experience to support management of requirements, test planning, integration, execution, and analysis of BMDS testing. I also support, and participate in a team of operators and analysts to provide end-to-end coverage of BMDS sensor participation in MDA test events. Software Development Company Name H. Palmer Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Huntsville, Alabama Objective C software development for Apple iPad applications. Using Xcode 4 and Interface Builder to generate the operator interface and the Xcode compiler for creating iPad applications using a Macbook with OSX Lion to create applications for iOS 6.1. Registered as a developer with Apple iOS Developer program. Systems Analyst IV Company Name COLSA Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Huntsville, Alabama Systems Analyst and program support engineer. AMX central controller software programmer and touch panel developer. Conference room and meeting facility control systems (lights, video displays, video projectors, video and audio switch matrix, projector screens, etc)Provide hardware and software support to the Government facilities that use equipment to simulate events that conduct Ballistic Missile Defense System functional and performance testing. Principal Engineer Company Name Teledyne Brown Engineering Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Teledyne Brown Engineering Systems Engineering, Hardware and Software Design: Was design engineer over product hardware and software development on Navy project. Software written in C for hardware microcontroller and C++ for interface status and control laptop computer. Hardware design to MIL Spec hardening. Also performed duties involving systems administration for Red Hat Linux and Solaris 10 operating systems, hardware configuration and updating, and software installation and configuration to government IA security standards. Principal Engineer Company Name Teledyne Solutions, Inc Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Lead Systems Engineer for Distributed Ground Test (DGT) with Missile Defense Agency (MDA) Systems Engineering Test Execution (DEV) group based in Huntsville, AL. Provided DGT test execution leadership and test analysis quick look data and briefings to MDA leadership. Travelled to Colorado Springs, CO to participate in Ballistic Missile Defense Systems (BMDS) overall system test events. Supported Integrated Ground Test and Flight Test Systems Engineering activities to provide a comprehansive assessment of requirements development and systems test analysis. Travelled to Washington D.C. to participate in System Test Quick Look Briefing to the General and MDA SES leadership for DGT tests. See more positions Education Computer Training Center Field Of Study Security+ Certification Class Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 The University of Alabama in Huntsville Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 The recently accredited MBA program at UA Huntsville was a very good experience for me. The teachers had years of on the job experience from which to formulate examples for their classroom lectures, rather than only textbook information that we could read for ourselves. The mix of Baccalaureate backgrounds of the participating students in the program provided a very good opportunity for discussion from many different points of view. I would definitely recommend this program to anyone who desires an MBA degree. The University of Alabama in Huntsville Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Systems Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2005 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Systems Engineering See 24 endorsements for Systems Engineering 24 Systems Engineering Tom Shipley and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 20 endorsements for Testing 20 Testing Tim Taylor and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Integration See 20 endorsements for Integration 20 Integration Tom Shipley and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jim Diehl Senior Manager at Torch Technologies, Inc. June 3, 2010, Jim managed Harvey directly Harvey is an excellent engineer and provided outstanding service to our Government customer. His attention to detail and test background proved invaluable to the customer, who noted Harvey's excellent service in several communications. I highly recommend Harvey. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The University of Alabama in Huntsville 28,268 followers Pulse 1,535,237 followers University of North Alabama 22,715 followers UAH Alumni Association 3,241 members University of North Alabama 21,522 followers Electrical & Computer Engineers | Big Data, Cloud, Mobile, Web, IoT, Wearable, ... 34,553 members See all See all following
More Actions Joe has a account Joe Dao Hardware Design at Google Google University of Toronto San Francisco Bay Area 265 265 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos CAD manager Company Name NetLogic Microsystems Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos CAD manager Company Name Aeluros Dates Employed Nov 2001 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 6 yrs Engineering manager Company Name Silicon Graphics Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Oct 2001 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Member of Technical Staff Company Name Toshiba Corporation Dates Employed Oct 1991 – Dec 1996 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos CAD development, Semiconductor Research and Development Center, Kawasaki, Japan Education University of Toronto Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 University of Pennsylvania Degree Name B Sc Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests University of Pennsylvania 205,589 followers NetLogic Microsystems 7,490 followers University of Toronto 370,907 followers University of Toronto 341,682 followers Pulse 1,535,237 followers Google 4,871,582 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Wayne Telecommunications Professional Greater Denver Area 101 101 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Customer Support: Provide support to customers to solve problems and enhance their use of products and services. Maintain and build solid customer relationships by applying my broad range of experience.I have over 28 years of experience as a telecom professional including:-Telecom and data hardware (PBX, VoIP, routers)-Software Applications (unified communications, call center/ACD, voice messaging, SIP)-Local and Long Distance network services (LAN, WAN, billing, redundancy)-Management experience in Sales, Operations, Customer Support)-Product analysis, design, pricing and support-Vendor relationship supportSpecialties: Sales engineering, technical support, team player, maximizing infrastructure, creative solutions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Telecommunications See 18 endorsements for Telecommunications 18 Telecommunications Kelsey Murphy (Mackley) and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills VoIP See 13 endorsements for VoIP 13 VoIP Scott West and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Managed Services See 9 endorsements for Managed Services 9 Managed Services Eric Simpson and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Angela Cupps Apogee Project Management LLC August 9, 2010, Angela worked with Mike in the same group Angela is a dedicated, highly competent asset to the sales team. She is excellent at translating techology so customers (and sales people) can understand it. Angela is a "subject matter expert" for customers during and after the sale. She is also quite capable of managing a project from beginning through completion...and can be counted on to "do whatever it takes". Susan Misgen Telecommunications-Technology Consultant September 1, 2009, Mike worked with Susan in different groups Susan is the consumate telecommunications professional. She brings integrity, professionalism, knowledge, experience, and resources in a customer centric/partnership approach to resolving customer's communication challenges. Accomplishments Interests Fulton Communications 849 followers Pulse 1,535,237 followers Mitel Connections 3,355 members Mitel 33,451 followers Technology 20,769,603 followers Telecoms Professionals: IoT, LTE, M2M, OTT, Internet of Things, Mobile, Telecom 662,885 members See all See all following
More Actions Phillip has a account Phillip Sawbridge FPGA, Embedded and System design Google McGill University San Francisco Bay Area 192 192 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Senior digital design/system/test engineer with 15+ years of experience in telecom, aerospace and image/video processing industries.Significant experience in the development and testing of high-density ASIC’s and FPGA’s with sophisticated IP cores in embedded systems & SOC’s for various mixed-signal applications with specialization in modems, DSP and networking.Extensive background in system-level engineering, spanning system analysis, specification, architecture and lab integration as well as detailed DSP algorithm development.Independent with strong problem-solving skills and proven experience delivering on different aspects of large, complex systems and experience in various technical leadership positions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Hardware Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos StreetView Electrical Engineer Company Name Adecco @ Google Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Jan 2016 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Mountain View, California Senior FPGA Designer Company Name Fidus Systems Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Apr 2015 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Milpitas,CA FPGA Design Specialist Company Name Ultra Electronics, TCS Dates Employed Dec 2008 – Apr 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 5 mos Location Montreal,Quebec,Canada Senior Modem Designer Company Name Harris / Harris Stratex / Aviat Dates Employed Aug 2006 – Dec 2008 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Montreal,Quebec,Canada See more positions Education McGill University Degree Name M. Eng (INCOMPLETE) Field Of Study Digital Communications, signal processing and estimation theory Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Concordia University Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering Field Of Study Telecommunications Dates attended or expected graduation 1994 – 1998 Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 17 endorsements for FPGA 17 FPGA Andy Norton and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 16 endorsements for Embedded Systems 16 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Andy Norton, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Phillip’s colleagues at Google Click and drag to reorder skills Digital Signal Processors See 9 endorsements for Digital Signal Processors 9 Digital Signal Processors Craig Segal and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 20 more View 20 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests McGill University 215,916 followers Pulse 1,535,236 followers McGill University 235,115 followers Ultra Electronics, TCS 898 followers CHJ & Associates 489 followers Fidus Systems 1,138 followers See all See all following
More Actions Harvey has a account Harvey Palmer Test Operations Lead with deciBel Research Inc. deciBel Research, Inc. Computer Training Center Huntsville, Alabama Area 204 204 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I have a wide variety of experience in DoD and Missile Defense covering electronics hardware design, electrical engineering, software engineering and development, systems engineering, Unix and Linux system administration, and business administration. I am a motivated and fast learning team player who enjoys the success of a job well done. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Harvey’s Activity 204 followers “Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right.” Henry Ford Harvey commented Encouragement from my son! What a blessing! I'm glad he's got my math skills because we both lack art skills! lol Harvey commented See all activity Experience Test Engineer Company Name deciBel Research, Inc. Dates Employed Mar 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Location Huntsville, Alabama Test Event Lead, Test Operations Lead and team member for BMDS sensors supporting MDA test execution. I use my experience to support management of requirements, test planning, integration, execution, and analysis of BMDS testing. I also support, and participate in a team of operators and analysts to provide end-to-end coverage of BMDS sensor participation in MDA test events. Software Development Company Name H. Palmer Dates Employed Nov 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Huntsville, Alabama Objective C software development for Apple iPad applications. Using Xcode 4 and Interface Builder to generate the operator interface and the Xcode compiler for creating iPad applications using a Macbook with OSX Lion to create applications for iOS 6.1. Registered as a developer with Apple iOS Developer program. Systems Analyst IV Company Name COLSA Dates Employed Aug 2011 – Mar 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr 8 mos Location Huntsville, Alabama Systems Analyst and program support engineer. AMX central controller software programmer and touch panel developer. Conference room and meeting facility control systems (lights, video displays, video projectors, video and audio switch matrix, projector screens, etc)Provide hardware and software support to the Government facilities that use equipment to simulate events that conduct Ballistic Missile Defense System functional and performance testing. Principal Engineer Company Name Teledyne Brown Engineering Dates Employed Oct 2009 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location Teledyne Brown Engineering Systems Engineering, Hardware and Software Design: Was design engineer over product hardware and software development on Navy project. Software written in C for hardware microcontroller and C++ for interface status and control laptop computer. Hardware design to MIL Spec hardening. Also performed duties involving systems administration for Red Hat Linux and Solaris 10 operating systems, hardware configuration and updating, and software installation and configuration to government IA security standards. Principal Engineer Company Name Teledyne Solutions, Inc Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Lead Systems Engineer for Distributed Ground Test (DGT) with Missile Defense Agency (MDA) Systems Engineering Test Execution (DEV) group based in Huntsville, AL. Provided DGT test execution leadership and test analysis quick look data and briefings to MDA leadership. Travelled to Colorado Springs, CO to participate in Ballistic Missile Defense Systems (BMDS) overall system test events. Supported Integrated Ground Test and Flight Test Systems Engineering activities to provide a comprehansive assessment of requirements development and systems test analysis. Travelled to Washington D.C. to participate in System Test Quick Look Briefing to the General and MDA SES leadership for DGT tests. See more positions Education Computer Training Center Field Of Study Security+ Certification Class Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2010 The University of Alabama in Huntsville Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 2006 – 2008 The recently accredited MBA program at UA Huntsville was a very good experience for me. The teachers had years of on the job experience from which to formulate examples for their classroom lectures, rather than only textbook information that we could read for ourselves. The mix of Baccalaureate backgrounds of the participating students in the program provided a very good opportunity for discussion from many different points of view. I would definitely recommend this program to anyone who desires an MBA degree. The University of Alabama in Huntsville Degree Name Certificate Field Of Study Systems Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2005 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Systems Engineering See 24 endorsements for Systems Engineering 24 Systems Engineering Tom Shipley and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 20 endorsements for Testing 20 Testing Tim Taylor and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Integration See 20 endorsements for Integration 20 Integration Tom Shipley and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 41 more View 41 more skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Jim Diehl Senior Manager at Torch Technologies, Inc. June 3, 2010, Jim managed Harvey directly Harvey is an excellent engineer and provided outstanding service to our Government customer. His attention to detail and test background proved invaluable to the customer, who noted Harvey's excellent service in several communications. I highly recommend Harvey. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests The University of Alabama in Huntsville 30,790 followers The University of Alabama in Huntsville 28,268 followers Electrical & Computer Engineers | Big Data, Cloud, Mobile, Web, IoT, Wearable, ... 34,553 members University of North Alabama 21,522 followers Pulse 1,535,236 followers SYSTEMS ENGINEERS 17,219 members See all See all following
More Actions Mike has a account Mike Wayne Telecommunications Professional Greater Denver Area 101 101 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Customer Support: Provide support to customers to solve problems and enhance their use of products and services. Maintain and build solid customer relationships by applying my broad range of experience.I have over 28 years of experience as a telecom professional including:-Telecom and data hardware (PBX, VoIP, routers)-Software Applications (unified communications, call center/ACD, voice messaging, SIP)-Local and Long Distance network services (LAN, WAN, billing, redundancy)-Management experience in Sales, Operations, Customer Support)-Product analysis, design, pricing and support-Vendor relationship supportSpecialties: Sales engineering, technical support, team player, maximizing infrastructure, creative solutions. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Telecommunications See 18 endorsements for Telecommunications 18 Telecommunications Kelsey Murphy (Mackley) and 17 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills VoIP See 13 endorsements for VoIP 13 VoIP Scott West and 12 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Managed Services See 9 endorsements for Managed Services 9 Managed Services Eric Simpson and 8 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (2) You haven’t received any recommendations Angela Cupps Apogee Project Management LLC August 9, 2010, Angela worked with Mike in the same group Angela is a dedicated, highly competent asset to the sales team. She is excellent at translating techology so customers (and sales people) can understand it. Angela is a "subject matter expert" for customers during and after the sale. She is also quite capable of managing a project from beginning through completion...and can be counted on to "do whatever it takes". Susan Misgen Telecommunications-Technology Consultant September 1, 2009, Mike worked with Susan in different groups Susan is the consumate telecommunications professional. She brings integrity, professionalism, knowledge, experience, and resources in a customer centric/partnership approach to resolving customer's communication challenges. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,236 followers INACTIVE-1703030558-LIU Brooklyn 29,477 followers Mitel 33,451 followers Mitel Connections 3,355 members Inter-Tel Alumni 725 members Fulton Communications 849 followers See all See all following
More Actions Joe has a account Joe Dao Hardware Design at Google Google University of Toronto San Francisco Bay Area 265 265 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Hardware Design Engineer Company Name Google Dates Employed Sep 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 9 mos CAD manager Company Name NetLogic Microsystems Dates Employed Oct 2007 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos CAD manager Company Name Aeluros Dates Employed Nov 2001 – Oct 2007 Employment Duration 6 yrs Engineering manager Company Name Silicon Graphics Dates Employed Jan 1997 – Oct 2001 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Member of Technical Staff Company Name Toshiba Corporation Dates Employed Oct 1991 – Dec 1996 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos CAD development, Semiconductor Research and Development Center, Kawasaki, Japan Education University of Toronto Dates attended or expected graduation 1989 – 1991 University of Pennsylvania Degree Name B Sc Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests NetLogic Microsystems 7,490 followers Pulse 1,535,236 followers University of Toronto 341,682 followers Google 4,871,582 followers University of Pennsylvania 222,498 followers University of Pennsylvania 205,589 followers See all See all following
More Actions Tim has a account Tim Hausman IT Supervisor at Kaiser Permanente IT Kaiser Permanente IT Devry University, Pomona Greater Los Angeles Area 30 30 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience PC Remote Support Services Lead Company Name Kaiser Permanente IT Dates Employed Mar 2006 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 3 mos Hardware Engineer Company Name Unisys Corporation Dates Employed 2001 – 2004 Employment Duration 3 yrs Education Devry University, Pomona Degree Name BS Field Of Study Computer Information Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2001 Activities and Societies: Associated Student Body President Sigma Beta Delta President Advocate Featured Skills & Endorsements Technical Support See 7 endorsements for Technical Support 7 Technical Support Endorsed by Michael Diaz, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 7 of Tim’s colleagues at Kaiser Permanente Click and drag to reorder skills Lotus Notes See 5 endorsements for Lotus Notes 5 Lotus Notes Endorsed by Jeff Picco, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Tim’s colleagues at Kaiser Permanente Click and drag to reorder skills BMC Remedy See 3 endorsements for BMC Remedy 3 BMC Remedy Endorsed by 3 of Tim’s colleagues at Kaiser Permanente Click and drag to reorder skills View 3 more View 3 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Margaret Smith PMP at October 25, 2009, Tim worked with Margaret in different groups This letter is my personal recommendation for Margaret Smith. Until just recently, I have worked daily with Margaret for several years. I found her to be consistently pleasant, tackling all assignments with dedication and a smile. Besides being a joy to work with, Margaret is a take-charge person who is able to present creative ideas and communicate the benefits. Though she was an asset to the Messaging group, Margaret was also extraordinarily helpful in other areas of the company. In addition to writing effective communications letters to Kaiser Permanente employees, Margaret assumed a leadership role in Bi-Monthly Subject Matter Expert Calls, handling technical questions from field technicians all over the United States. She was often sought out by others and is well know within KPIT.I highly recommend Margaret for employment. She is a team player and would make a great asset to any organization. Accomplishments Interests Kaiser Permanente 322,515 followers Pulse 1,535,236 followers
More Actions Scott has a account Scott Wong Senior Director, Engineering Credit Karma University of California, Berkeley San Francisco Bay Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I build large infrastructure operations that power mid to large sized technology companies. Over the past 19 years, I have helped hypergrowth companies transition their product from small to massive operational scale. I specialize in responsibly expanding operations in hardware development, capacity budget forecasting, vendor negotiations/purchasing, forward/reverse supply chain design, manufacturing, customer relationship building, asset management, and program management. My efforts have influenced company metrics in delivery lead times, cost effectiveness, and reliability robustness of infrastructure. I’m formerly the Sr. Director at Twitter responsible for Twitter’s compute and storage hardware capacity deployed into data centers. My team comprised of leaders in hardware engineering, capacity planning, system engineering, vendor negotiations, supply chain architecture, and manufacturing engineering disciplines. Previously, I was at Google as an Operations Manager helping to scale infrastructure engineering and operations in program management, supply chain architecture, vendor negotiations, asset management, and infrastructure planning. At Sun Microsystems, I got my operations, manufacturing, engineering, and product development roots working across enterprise SPARC servers, storage, and x86 systems. I directly vendor-managed multiple products, from complete platforms to individual commodities (PCB, memory, power, enclosures, displays). My passion revolves around building deeply motivated and highly successful teams. My teams are analytical in decision making, clear in communicating, and consistent in delivering innovative business results. I’ve led teams that have brokered supplier relationships with some of the most influential technology companies in the world, planned, built, and deployed hundreds of thousands of products (servers) powering to hundreds of millions of users, and directly managed annual budgets in the hundreds of millions of dollars. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Director, Engineering Company Name Credit Karma Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area My current responsibilities spans across infrastructure engineering, DBA, technical sourcing, program management, and business intelligence. Senior Director, Hardware and Capacity Engineering Company Name Twitter Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Jun 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location San Francisco Bay Area Directed a team of hardware, system, supply chain, capacity, and automation engineers responsible for 1) the design, qualification, sourcing, and deployment of hardware platforms into data centers and 2) the global compute and storage deployment process from customer request, predictive capacity modeling, purchasing, manufacturing, logistics, configuration, and decommission. I drove the transition from a fleet of traditional OEM (Dell, HP) to ODM (custom original design manufacturer) hardware platforms resulting in a > 40% total cost of ownership reduction, < 1% reliability of failure rate, and 75% reduction in lead time from ordering to provision. I worked across the entire engineering organization to construct, deliver, and maintain capacity plans capable of sustaining record traffic events including the 2014 World Cup, various Super Bowls, Japan New Year’s, and 2012 Presidential Election, while helping to increase overall fleet system utilization (i.e. helped rid Twitter’s fail whale). I designed and negotiated the supply chains with strategic vendors to populate data centers with the first hundred thousand servers. My team also worked directly with finance on capex/opex budget forecasting and showback systems. Previously held multiple roles as:Manager, Hardware and Supply Chain Team. I built the hardware engineering and supplier management team to design and deploy custom compute and storage server racks. The team released the first custom hardware platform (storage) for the hadoop service reducing TCO by > 35%. Hardware LeadI led negotiation and deployment on initial compute and storage hardware into the 1st data center with reduced costs by > 50%. I helped to build the first Asset Mgt system for data center assets. Manager, Infrastructure Engineering Company Name Google Dates Employed Jul 2005 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 5 yrs 3 mos Location Mountain View, Ca I was responsible for building new operational capabilities across the server, networking, and data center organizations with a team of seven senior program managers. I proposed, gained approval, and built a tens of millions of dollars annual revenue business to remanufacture, recycle, and resell over hundred thousand decommissioned compute and storage servers. In support of the program, I helped design and implement a data security erasure protection technology system for over a million hard drives sold/reused. The overall program contributed to Google’s company level, environmentally-conscious strategy and spawned a new business. In addition, I helped the demand planning by aggregating infrastructure processes and systems. My team deployed an integrated inventory and asset management solution across hundreds of locations around the globePreviously held role as:Supplier ManagerI architected the server supply chain and manufacturing capability for the first Google Asian data center that delivered 10Ks servers within three months at a 40% cost reduction. I drove the supply chain for planning and delivery of servers to power hundreds of millions of users across global data centers. Senior Operations Program Manager Company Name Sun Microsystems Dates Employed Jun 1997 – Jun 2005 Employment Duration 8 yrs 1 mo Location Newark, Ca I piloted, deployed, and implemented the first company wide hosted eSourcing platform for purchasing commodities to manufacture. The program was responsible for sourcing over $500M through the eSourcing channel realizing 10% incremental savings in the first year. Previously held multiple roles as:Supplier Manager I directly vendor-managed multiple products, from complete platforms to individual commodities (PCB, memory, power, enclosures, displays). I owned the supplier selection, delivery lead time, and total costs for three product lines. I helped transition Sun from a completely internally manufactured model, to the first outsourced manufactured system at Asian ODMs with the x86 product line.Capacity Planner I was responsible for planning product build plans in the factory for servers, storage and PCBs. I delivered a weekly material forecast averaging 99% accuracy and implemented both a build to stock and build to order supply chain models. I was the group lead to test and develop processes to support the Oracle factory planning implementation. Education University of California, Berkeley Degree Name Bachelor's degree Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1996 Activities and Societies: California Gymnastics Team Featured Skills & Endorsements Data Center See 60 endorsements for Data Center 60 Data Center Endorsed by Scott Hobin and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 22 of Scott’s colleagues at Twitter Click and drag to reorder skills Project Management See 45 endorsements for Project Management 45 Project Management Endorsed by 2 of Scott’s colleagues at Credit Karma Click and drag to reorder skills Cloud Computing See 31 endorsements for Cloud Computing 31 Cloud Computing Endorsed by John Walpole and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Scott’s colleagues at Twitter Click and drag to reorder skills View 30 more View 30 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (9) Diana Li Building Efficient, Scalable Data Centers, Labs & IT Infrastructure August 12, 2015, Scott was a client of Diana’s Scott is analytical, very sharp, and a fierce negotiator. Frank Ruiz Principal SRE at Box Inc. June 19, 2014, Frank reported directly to Scott Scott is a rarity, and is on the shortest list of managers that I have worked for that are coaches, mentors, teachers, and friends. His investment in his team creates a sickening amount of loyalty. All he has to do is ask, and what he needs is done without question. I worked with Scott for almost three years at Twitter, and I got to see his evolution from Manager to Sr. Director in an abnormally short amount of time. This is a testament to his approach and his abilities. I am extremely amazed by Scott's patience, tact, and extreme care for his team. It doesn't get any better than Scott, and I feel extremely lucky to have reported to him. Scott is more than exceptional and I recommend him highly for any organization. Any company that lands Scott should consider themselves lucky. Period. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Diepvu Le Senior Software Engineer II at Uber January 13, 2016, Scott managed Diepvu directly Vu led the hardware quality team in my organization. He is dedicated to deliver business results, technically strong, and a team player. Vu helped build stronger quality processes/systems while keeping our fleet running. Chris Suttles Linux Systems Engineer at Facebook September 29, 2015, Scott managed Chris directly Chris was a system engineer on my hardware development team. I appreciated his ability to quickly solve/debug hardware system related issues. His passion for automation consistently was very helpful for other members of the team. View 7 more recommendations View 7 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Scott has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization APICS Interests Twitter 493,114 followers Credit Karma 6,691 followers Pulse 1,535,236 followers University of California, Berkeley 521,275 followers University of California, Berkeley 498,458 followers Capacity Planning & Performance Management 6,838 members
More Actions Niroj has a account Niroj Chaulagain Elektroniikka-insinööri. Helsinki Area, Finland 8 8 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Olen Metropolia Ammattikorkeakoulun elektroniikan insinööri. Päätoimittajani ovat tehoelektroniikka, anturit, suurtaajuus ja sähkömagneettinen yhteensopivuus. Highlights Experience Huoltoteknikko Company Name Electro Medical Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 5 mos Sairaaloiden elektroniikkalaitteiden ehkäisevä kunnossapito, kalibrointi, korjaus ja dokumentointi. Education Metropolia Ammattikorkeakoulu - Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences Degree Name Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) Field Of Study Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 2012 – 2017 Activities and Societies: Seminaarit, Urheilu Tehoelektroniikan päämiehet, sähkömagneettinen yhteensopivuus, suurtaajuus ja anturit. Media (1) This position has 1 media Final Report Final Report This media is a document Saint Xavier's College Degree Name Korkeakoulututkinto Field Of Study Tiede Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 +2 tieteessä :- Fysiikka, kemia, matematiikka ja biologia. Volunteer Experience Volunteer in Nepal Earthquake relief programme Company Name Nepal Healthcare Equipment Development Foundation (NHEDF) Dates volunteered Jul 2015 – Nov 2015 Volunteer duration 5 mos Skills Embedded Systems Embedded Systems Click and drag to reorder skills PADS Layout PADS Layout Click and drag to reorder skills PADS Logic PADS Logic Click and drag to reorder skills CAD CAD Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Niroj has 28 courses 28 Expand courses section Courses AC Circuits Analog Electronics Biology Chemistry DC Circuits Differential and Integral Calculus Digital Electronics Digital Signal Processing EMC Measurements Electrical Safety at Work Niroj has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English Finnish Hindi Nepali Niroj has 1 project 1 Expand projects section Project Solar Electric Heating System For Small Houses Interests J.T. O'DonnellJ.T. O&#39;Donnell is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder & CEO - WorkItDaily.com | HR | Recruiting | Employment | Speaker | Trainer | Career Coach | Job Search 1,808,014 followers Julie MeyerJulie Meyer is a LinkedIn Influencer Founder at EntrepreneurCountry Global 195,501 followers Technology 20,769,622 followers Metropolia Ammattikorkeakoulu - Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences 20,407 followers IOTA GROUP 18,056 followers ILL - Institut Laue Langevin 2,180 followers See all See all following
More Actions Conrad has a account Conrad Dante Hardware Design Engineer at LEIA 3D LEIA 3D University of Idaho Saint Petersburg, Florida 223 223 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I design hardware that makes new imaging experiences come to life.My work has focused on designing hardware and firmware that shows off new ideas in displays, optics and illumination. I am currently designing FPGA-based systems for 4k mobile displays that will show off 2d and 3d imaging in our hands. Automotive displays are also being developed.Previous video and imaging applications include: large displays with LEDs, LCOS and MEMs displays, 4k 3d laser projectors, wide-field of view heads up displays (HUDs), portable biometric scanners and eye trackers.Skill Summary:• programmable FPGA & ASIC design – coding in VHDL, Verilog, tcl in support of: • illumination - LASER, LED, UHP lamp • optics - LCoS, MEMs, active gratings, display calibration • motors, sensors• video design front to back - architecture, design, debug, calibrate, tune, release• instrumentation - Labview, custom firmware• high-bandwidth applications & architectures• signal processing – filters, dilation, edge det, matlab models• data interfaces – PCIe, DDR3, SDI, HDMI, MIPI• serial interfaces – USB, SPI, I2C, Ethernet• debugging - scope, chipscope, sdk See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Conrad’s Activity 222 followers NASA Returns First RED Camera From Orbit, Demos First Live 4K Video From Space Conrad liked See all activity Experience Hardware Design Engineer Company Name LEIA 3D Dates Employed Apr 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Driver for mobile holographic displays. Consultant Company Name Dante Engineering Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Present Employment Duration 10 yrs Location Santa Clara, CA; St Petersburg FL 2015 - video processing for Imperx camera company2014 - image processing applications for Digilens and Google-X2008-2014 - electro-optics design for a broad range of imaging apps for Digilens, Inc.2012-2013 - 4K 3D professional laser cinema projection for Red Digital Cinema.2007-2012 - design hw/fw/sw for various imaging products, MEMs lamp & led projectors, head-mounted displays, HUDs, autostereo portable 3D platforms, a biometric scanner, 50/100 GHz optical switches, 3D printing machine. Hardware Development Engineer Company Name Apple Dates Employed Dec 2013 – Jul 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos Location Cupertino, CA Electronics design in support of advanced imaging solutions. Principal Electronics Engineer Company Name RED Digital Cinema Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Hollywood, CA Architecture and design of all electronics to drive a 4K laser projector for pro cinema market (and unique 3D applications for gaming, education, medical and aerospace inspection). Successful generation of 4K x 3D video using two 1920x1080 LCOS. I did the FPGA design, mechanical controls, embedded firmware, calibration and tuning of video (contrast, spatial uniformity, color accuracy, etc). Media (1) This position has 1 media Red 3D laser projector Red 3D laser projector This media is an image Consultant - HW/SW Architecture and Design Company Name Finisar Corporation (NASDAQ: FNSR) Dates Employed Jun 2007 – Aug 2011 Employment Duration 4 yrs 3 mos Location Sydney, Australia Consultant - architecture and design of FPGAs and circuits to control multi-GB optical switches for long-term high-reliability telecoms apps. See more positions Education University of Idaho Field Of Study Business Administration and Management, General Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1998 Management classes University of South Florida Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1988 Physics and engineering classes gave me foundation. Labs forged friendships and opened my creativity in school. My best experiences were learning on the job:- building portable green lasers for USF physics team- DJ at WUSF for 2.5 years- programmer at USF employment office- EE intern - circuit analysis & programmer for Design Analysis Consultants- fixing TVs and HiFis at Ampli-Tek Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 29 endorsements for FPGA 29 FPGA Armand Niederberger and 28 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills ASIC See 22 endorsements for ASIC 22 ASIC Adam Levinthal and 21 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Electronics See 22 endorsements for Electronics 22 Electronics Endorsed by Iain Waugh and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Conrad’s colleagues at Apple Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Conrad has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Conrad has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Duolingo French Fluency: Intermediate (Estimated) Interests 3D TV 695 members Blackmagic Design 9,330 followers University of Idaho 54,482 followers mCube, Inc. 1,135 followers Entropic Communications 4,432 followers RED Digital Cinema 10,743 followers See all See all following
More Actions Varun has a account 3rd degree connection3rd Varun Pandit Program Manager Minnetronix, Inc. University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 373 373 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Experienced Embedded Software Engineer and recently turned Program Manager who uses extensive knowledge of embedded systems to lead teams that develop life supporting and sustaining medical devices. Proven leader of software teams employs Agile to plan and adapt to everyday challenges and changing project needs. Also known for maintaining excellent customer relationships and excels at communicating in a variety of business settings. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Program Manager Company Name Minnetronix, Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Lead project teams to manage and meet customer expectations for on-time and on-budget product execution.Interact with customers day-to-day to manage the customer’s project. Lead internal project teams, including the management of product development team activities, the program schedule, budget, scope and the overall design to program objectives.Work with the Sales Team and Systems Engineering to help develop estimates and proposals for new business opportunities as well as proposals and addendums for follow-on work with existing customers. Senior Software Engineer Company Name Minnetronix, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2014 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Lead software teams that develop software for Class I, II and III medical devices. Create architecture and design for complex software systems comprising of one or more embedded processors. Drive towards progress by contributing through others. • Lead software engineer on projects that developed a sleep therapy device, a foot drop stimulator and a cryotherapy device. • Analyzed product specification and customer expectations to create internal system and sub-system requirements. • Created and executed project plans using the “Agile” methodology to manage software teams of up to 10 engineers across multiple device components. • Created application level communication protocol using Bluetooth 4.0. • Provided technical inputs to make strategic decisions in selection of processors for various projects. • Managed creation of a medical iOS application using FDA guidelines. Software Engineer II / Software Engineer / Software Engineer Intern Company Name Minnetronix, Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2009 – Jun 2014 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Design, implement and test embedded software for Class I, II and III medical devices that follow the standard operating procedures (SOPs) and guidelines set by the FDA and the company. Drive towards progress through independent self-contributions. • Lead software integration engineer on team that developed a dialysis machine. • Designed and implemented MISRA-C: 2004 compliant software.• Worked on software systems that used SafeRTOS and FreeRTOS. • Developed a RS-232 (serial) based communications protocol for inter processor communication.• Created and conducted training sessions in JIRA and Subversion. • Developed Flash prototypes in Adobe Flex / Flash Builder to aid in the design of user interfaces.• Performed root cause analysis to determine failures in software that arose during verification testing or in the field. • Created cyber-security guidelines from the company based on existing FDA cyber-security guidelines. Student Tech / Research Assistant Company Name University of Minnesota Extension Dates Employed Jan 2008 – Sep 2009 Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Create and maintain Family Development Program Page websites. Provide technology and IT support to the Family Development Program team. Part-time, on-campus employment. • Updated and maintained websites to maintain visual consistency across UMN, Extension, and Family Development to preserve visual identity and style guidelines.• Redesigned the existing Family Development portal and advised on other electronic methods to improve internal Family Development communication.• Provided Desktop/Administrative Support and researched into new technologies to support the Family Development area Education University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management Degree Name Master of Business Administration (MBA) Dates attended or expected graduation 2016 – 2019 University of St. Thomas Degree Name Mini Masters Field Of Study Project Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2013 Course concentrated on the 12 “must know” topics in project management as determined by the Project Management Institute’s Body of Knowledge. Covered topics related to Project Requirements, Scope, Costing, Risk Management, Systems Thinking, etc. University of Minnesota-Twin Cities Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Electrical Engineering, Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2009 Relevant Coursework: Real Time Embedded Systems, Advanced Computer Architecture, Recent Advances in Computer Architecture, Computer Systems Performance Measurement and Evaluation, Introduction to Parallel Computing: Architecture, Algorithms, and Programming, Parallel Computer OrganizationMasters project - Insight into parallelization of the Levenberg-Marquardt backpropagation algorithm to train Neural Network; to look at different methods to parallelize the algorithm so that it can efficiently use multi-core CPUs so it can be extended to larger neural networks.Coursework project - Implemented a low-level motor control algorithm and a real-time scheduler on custom hardware with the AVR AtMega128 microcontroller See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 26 endorsements for Embedded Systems 26 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Rick Pike, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Varun’s colleagues at Minnetronix, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Software See 24 endorsements for Embedded Software 24 Embedded Software Endorsed by 13 of Varun’s colleagues at Minnetronix, Inc. Endorsed by 6 people who know Embedded Software Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 14 endorsements for Testing 14 Testing Endorsed by 7 of Varun’s colleagues at Minnetronix, Inc. Click and drag to reorder skills View 16 more View 16 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Varun has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses Cybersecurity Bootcamp Introduction to Mobile App Design and Dev Introduction to Xcode Varun has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages English Hindi Marathi Varun has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Technical Excellence Award Nominee Varun has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Applying Agile Software Principles to the Medical Device Life Cycle Interests University of St. Thomas 68,563 followers University of Minnesota-Twin Cities 287,391 followers Real-Time Embedded Engineering 54,401 members Linear Eye, LLC 26 followers Vishwakarma Institute Of Technology 10,339 followers Knowles Intelligent Audio 11,165 followers See all See all following
More Actions Peter has a account Peter Fordham Software Engineer at Arista Networks, Inc. Arista Networks, Inc. Imperial College London Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada 387 387 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A highly motivated software designer and engineer with 13 years post graduation commercial experience designing and implementing high performance, reliable and maintainable software systems backed by significant academic experience from a world leading university. Able to gather and analyse requirements and produce specifications quickly and effectively from disparate sources. Proven ability to deliver high quality designs and solutions on time and above expectations. Experienced in all stages of the product life-cycle including quality assurance and extended maintenance. Excellent leadership, team working, customer facing and communication skills backed by real world experience and training.Specialities: ARM, C/C++, Linux/Android Kernel, Compilers, TrustZone, Boot, System Security, Networking See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Software Engineer Company Name Arista Networks, Inc. Dates Employed Oct 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 8 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Senior Staff Software Engineer Company Name Broadcom Dates Employed Sep 2010 – Oct 2013 Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Embedded system security, boot and Linux/Android Kernel & driver development. Software Engineer Company Name Microsoft Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Worked on re-targeting the Phoenix compiler framework for ARM. Development Consultant Company Name Teligent Dates Employed Sep 2007 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Maidstone, UK I worked on a contract basis on a number of projects: a Linux device driver for a hardware watchdog, a distributed multi-threaded resource monitoring daemon and a call logging middle-ware component. Senior Compiler Engineer Company Name ARM Dates Employed Sep 2002 – Feb 2007 Employment Duration 4 yrs 6 mos Location Cambridge, United Kingdom As part of the team my responsibilities included the continuing development of the ARM RealView Compilation Tools towards the goals of improved performance, code-density and reliability for existing and new architectures. See more positions Education Imperial College London Degree Name ISE, MEng. Field Of Study Computer Science, Electronic Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Final Year Project – “Transparent Run-time Cross-Component Loop Fusion”, supervised by Dr Paul H J KellySubjects studied include: Mathematics, Circuit Analysis, Communications Theory, Optical Communications, Analog Electronics, Digital Electronics, Digital Integrated Circuit Design, Signals And Linear Systems, Control Systems, Digital Filters & Digital Signal Processing, Software Engineering, Computer Architecture, Operating Systems, Human Computer Interaction, Database Architecture, Multimedia Systems, Graphics, Compilers, Parallel Architectures, Parallel Algorithms, Network Security, Quantum Computing, Management, Managerial Economics, Politics, National Economics Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 25 endorsements for Embedded Systems 25 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Paul Kimelman and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Peter’s colleagues at Arista Networks Click and drag to reorder skills ARM See 20 endorsements for ARM 20 ARM Brendan Moran and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Device Drivers See 19 endorsements for Device Drivers 19 Device Drivers Endorsed by Darwin Rambo and 1 other who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 13 of Peter’s colleagues at Broadcom Limited Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (4) Given (1) Benedetto Proietti MemFusion author February 8, 2010, Peter worked with Benedetto in the same group I worked with Peter on several projects while in the Windows Mobile C/C++ Compiler for ARM team. His knowledge of the ARM architecture and micro-architecture is amazingly deep, as is his expertise with code generation. It's been a pleasure to work with someone that can quickly become comfortable with new technologies, not to mention the quality of his work. I don't remember having seen a single bug in any of his code. I would, without any doubt, entrust him with critical projects and tasks. Chris Adeniyi-Jones Principal Research Engineer at ARM October 15, 2009, Peter worked with Chris in the same group I greatly enjoyed working with Pete at ARM. He has both the analytical skills and the ability to think creatively required for solving complex software engineering problems. He performed at a consistently high-level as an individual contributor and as part of a small team. View 2 more recommendations View 2 more recommendations recommendations Benedetto Proietti MemFusion author July 6, 2012, Peter worked with Benedetto in different groups I greatly enjoyed working with Benedetto at Microsoft. His help and advice with becoming familiar with a new and complicated code-base was invaluable. This facilitated getting the job done far more efficiently than otherwise would have been possible. His review comments were always timely, accurate and insightful which ensured the high standard of software engineering within the product wasn’t compromised. Accomplishments Interests Agile Vancouver 1,418 members Embedded Systems Group 56,272 members Linaro 1,274 members CyberCoders Tech 75,493 members Embedded Systems Professionals 36,447 members Broadcom Limited 136,310 followers See all See all following
More Actions Thomas has a account Thomas Glanville Product Manager / Project Manager / Engineering Management IMAX Rochester Institute of Technology Kitchener, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Senior Systems Engineer with multidiscipline experience in Hardware and Software Development, Project Management, People Leadership, Engineering Management, Operations Management, Sales, Application Engineering, Service Support and Product Management. Proven record of delivering on commitments and exceeding expectations.Amateur triathlete and guitarist See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Thomas’ Activity 764 followers Man Fined $500 for Crime of Writing 'I Am An Engineer' in an Email to the Government Thomas shared this See all activity Experience Electronics Systems Engineer (Contract) Company Name IMAX Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Ontario, Canada - Electronics System Architecture of PCB, FPGA and software systems- Supplier Management - Electronics System Requirements - Statement of Work - RFP http://www.imax.com/content/google-and-imax-partner-develop-groundbreaking-virtual-reality-camera Senior Hardware Engineer (Contract) Company Name Dejero Labs Dates Employed May 2016 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Waterloo, Ontario System design and integration for a mobile network connectivity producthttp://go.dejero.com/gateway- Component selection and qualification- System Qualification- Cable design- Supplier management Sr Tech Lead, Camera Platform Systems Company Name BlackBerry Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Waterloo, Canada Technical and people leader of various camera systems functions at BlackBerry.- Image Quality tuning leader for all BlackBerry phones- Vendor management of Image Signal Processor vendors- Project Management for camera platform systems for BlackBerry phones- Responsible for camera manufacturing test procedures Camera Systems Developer Company Name BlackBerry Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Waterloo, Ontario, Canada - Developed test fixtures to evaluate new camera candidates for future RIM products and characterize current camera performance. - Component Qualification Project Manager for custom image signal processor for the BlackBerry Z10 phone- Custom circuit board design- Visual C++ software development- Multi-team collaboration- Documentation and user training- Detailed knowledge of MIPI, CSI-2 and SMIA for mobile camera Application Engineer Company Name Eastman Kodak Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Rochester, New York Area - Product Manager for Digital Cinema Products: Define product requirements and roadmap for Digital Cinema products.- Application Engineer: Provide technical support for sales teams in all regions (US&C, EAMER, GAR)- Support Service with installation, training, service and process documentation.- Help create RFQ and RFP for Digital Cinema See more positions Education Rochester Institute of Technology Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Tau Beta Pi - Engineering Honor Society Rochester Institute of Technology Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Tau Beta Pi Monroe Community College Degree Name AS Field Of Study Engineering Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1990 Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 40 endorsements for FPGA 40 FPGA Endorsed by Ionut Mirel, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Thomas’ colleagues at BlackBerry Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 40 endorsements for Testing 40 Testing Endorsed by Mike Milliner and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Thomas’ colleagues at BlackBerry Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware See 25 endorsements for Hardware 25 Hardware Jeremy Ladan and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (10) Given (18) Erika Nita Lotufo, PMP, CSM Sr Project Manager at eSentire Inc. February 23, 2016, Erika Nita worked with Thomas in different groups Tom was the Camera hardware team lead when we worked together to launch BlackBerry 10 devices. Tom was always aware of what competitors were doing and had the comparisons to BlackBerry devices ready and handy. His analysis were very objective, having extensive hours of test and research to support his findings. This helped Product Management several times when prioritizing the roadmap.Tom was also good at identifying problems and very open to discuss solutions and improvements. He was not afraid to speak up when there were issues that needed to be escalated. Tom also showed very good negotiation and communication skills when dealing with vendors for resolution of issues and prioritization of change requests. He would be an asset to any organization. Karo Oki NPI Engineering Specialist February 8, 2016, Thomas worked with Karo in the same group I worked with Thomas on the Camera Development Team and could attest to nothing but excellence from the technical and soft skills he brought to the team. As an intern at Blackberry, Tom created a conducive environment that enhanced my interest and productivity in the tasks I was assigned at the company through his various friendly and professional pieces of advices. Amidst his extroverted personality, he maintained a humble character infused with his passionate love for his work. In a nutshell, Tom was a leader whose extreme personal humility blended paradoxically with intense professional will. He quickly earned my respect over my duration of work at the company. His unique blend of skill, passion, teamwork and character makes him a valuable asset on any team! View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Erika Nita Lotufo, PMP, CSM Sr Project Manager at eSentire Inc. February 22, 2016, Thomas worked with Erika Nita in different groups I worked with Erika in the BlackBerry camera organization. Erika was thorough and kept the team on task and focused on the high priority software features to add the best value to our product. I found Erika especially helpful in effectively navigating business management to make sure the team had proper management support and awareness for many critical issues that happen in new product development. She knew how to properly escalate concerns to get the best results. I also found Erika to be a patient mentor. She invested a substantial amount of time training people in the hardware organization how to use software bug tracking tools, such as JIRA. She also provided critical training and mentoring in Agile so our organization could more effectively interface with the software organization. Patrick Carroll Software Test Specialist II at BlackBerry February 8, 2016, Thomas worked with Patrick in different groups I worked with Pat in the camera organization. He is a great software test specialist and is able to discover and reproduce corner cases that nobody else in the organization can find. In addition to finding and reproducing problems, Pat constantly lobbies to get issues prioritized and fixed so that the highest quality product will ship. Because of his hard work, thoroughness and special talents he brings to the organization, we were able to deliver a phone that tied the DxO Mark score for the IP6+ with a very small and agile team. View 16 more recommendations View 16 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Thomas has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Outstanding Transfer Scholarship Thomas has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Thomas has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Behavior synthesis for high speed 3D color interpolation using VHDL Interests Teledyne Optech 2,314 followers PCM Technologies 319 followers Dejero 2,948 followers Moondog Labs 40 followers Kodak Alaris 14,992 followers Codex Global 836 followers See all See all following
More Actions Mahboob has a account Mahboob Alam Computer Hardware Engineer at Accuster Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Accuster Technologies Pvt. Ltd. South West Delhi, Delhi, India 7 7 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Computer Hardware Engineer Company Name Accuster Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Dates Employed Mar 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,239 followers Banking & Finance 11,212,129 followers RecruitingBlogs.com 355,995 followers India 46,702,612 followers Azeem AzharAzeem Azhar is a LinkedIn Influencer exponential tech | startups | product 132,114 followers Big Ideas & Innovation 21,855,397 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jeries has a account Jeries Sh Electrical Engineering | Analog & Digital board design | Medical Devices | Semiconductors Sensomedical Labs Technion - Israel Institute of Technology Israel 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Excellent analytical and problem solving skills along with attention to details• Strong communication, time management, and presentation skills• Quick self-starter – ability to independently drive tasks to completion and effectively collaborate with multiple teams in a dynamic environment• High-speed, EMC/EMI design methods and regulatory• MCU design and programming• Certifications and Standards (ISO-9001, ISO-13485, IPC60601-3)• Field Engineering - customer support, service and clinical trials See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience HW Engineer Company Name Sensomedical Labs Dates Employed 2016 – 2016 Employment Duration less than a year • Development of implantable low-power neurophysiologic stimulators• Test and debug new prototypes (advanced lab equipment) High-Speed Digital Board Designer Company Name SolidRun Ltd. Dates Employed 2015 – 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr • Development of SoC-based modules for IoT applications• SoC integration (Freescale i.MX6, Marvell Armada-38x, Intel Braswell)• Familiarity with high-speed interfaces (microprocessors & microcontrollers, PCIe, USB, Ethernet, PHYs, SATA, HDMI, LVDS, MIPI, CSI-DSI)• Transfer design files from R&D to production• Test and debug new products and production line issues• Managing sub-contractors activity Analog Board Designer Company Name Alpha Omega Dates Employed 2013 – 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs • Development of micro-electrode recording systems to record/stimulate brain cells electrical activity• Noise filtering, high-resolution data conversions and mixed-signal design• Build production files (Schematics, Gerbers, BOMs and test procedures)• Test and debug first batches (lab equipments, advanced oscilloscopes and wave generators, signal tracking) MOS Device Engineer (student job) Company Name TowerJazz Dates Employed 2011 – 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr • Knowledge with silicon fabrication processes and VLSI design fundamentals (CMOS, low-power devices, physical design (DRC/LVS/ERC), floor planning, place and route, time and power optimization• Post-Silicon electrical testing and full characterization (lab equipments, high-frequency oscilloscopes and wave generators, micro-probes and advanced Kelvin measurements) Education Technion - Israel Institute of Technology Degree Name Engineer’s Degree Field Of Study Micro-electronics and Control Systems Dates attended or expected graduation 2007 – 2012 Skills Analog Design Analog Design Click and drag to reorder skills High-speed Digital Design High-speed Digital Design Click and drag to reorder skills PCB & Layout Design PCB & Layout Design Click and drag to reorder skills Medical Devices Medical Devices Click and drag to reorder skills View 27 more View 27 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jeries has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Certified Specialist in IPC-610 - Acceptability of Electronic Assembly Project Managemnt - System resources and Gantts Jeries has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course QA: Manual and Automation (OOP, SQL, Python scripting) Interests Jean-Pascal TricoireJean-Pascal Tricoire is a LinkedIn Influencer Chairman & CEO at Schneider Electric 74,208 followers Intel Corporation 879,920 followers Mellanox Technologies 22,725 followers Amazon 2,206,640 followers CEVA, Inc. 5,040 followers Broadcom Limited 136,310 followers See all See all following
More Actions Nathan has a account Nathan Miller Computer Hardware Engineer at Intel Corporation Intel Corporation Oregon State University Greater Seattle Area 71 71 connections Highlights Experience Computer Hardware Engineer Company Name Intel Corporation Dates Employed May 2012 – Present Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Seattle, WA - Microarchitecture design on a high speed, high bandwidth ASIC- Technical Lead for a group of three logic designers working on a common submodule within an ASIC design.- Group Lead for a group of 10 to 15 engineers across multiple disciplines (including logic design, validation, physical design, and firmware) and multiple worldwide geographies.- Mentor multiple young engineers in various disciplines with a focus on logic design and microarchitecture. Computer Hardware Engineer Company Name Cray Inc. Dates Employed Jun 2004 – May 2012 Employment Duration 8 yrs Location Seattle, WA Education Oregon State University Degree Name MS Field Of Study Electrical and Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2004 California Lutheran University Degree Name BS Field Of Study Mathematics and Physics Dates attended or expected graduation 1998 – 2002 Featured Skills & Endorsements Computer Architecture See 8 endorsements for Computer Architecture 8 Computer Architecture Endorsed by 3 of Nathan’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Verilog See 8 endorsements for Verilog 8 Verilog Endorsed by 4 of Nathan’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware Architecture See 6 endorsements for Hardware Architecture 6 Hardware Architecture Endorsed by Zac Wheeler, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Nathan’s colleagues at Intel Corporation Click and drag to reorder skills View 21 more View 21 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Nathan has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Lagrangian chaos and multiphase process in vortex flows Lagrangian chaos: Transport, coupling and phase separation Interests Oregon State University 133,759 followers California Lutheran University 22,504 followers Oregon State University 127,566 followers Intel Corporation 879,920 followers Pulse 1,535,238 followers Cray Inc. 10,901 followers See all See all following
More Actions Thomas has a account Thomas Glanville Product Manager / Project Manager / Engineering Management IMAX Rochester Institute of Technology Kitchener, Canada Area 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Senior Systems Engineer with multidiscipline experience in Hardware and Software Development, Project Management, People Leadership, Engineering Management, Operations Management, Sales, Application Engineering, Service Support and Product Management. Proven record of delivering on commitments and exceeding expectations.Amateur triathlete and guitarist See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Thomas’ Activity 764 followers Man Fined $500 for Crime of Writing 'I Am An Engineer' in an Email to the Government Thomas shared this See all activity Experience Electronics Systems Engineer (Contract) Company Name IMAX Dates Employed Dec 2016 – Present Employment Duration 6 mos Location Ontario, Canada - Electronics System Architecture of PCB, FPGA and software systems- Supplier Management - Electronics System Requirements - Statement of Work - RFP http://www.imax.com/content/google-and-imax-partner-develop-groundbreaking-virtual-reality-camera Senior Hardware Engineer (Contract) Company Name Dejero Labs Dates Employed May 2016 – Nov 2016 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Waterloo, Ontario System design and integration for a mobile network connectivity producthttp://go.dejero.com/gateway- Component selection and qualification- System Qualification- Cable design- Supplier management Sr Tech Lead, Camera Platform Systems Company Name BlackBerry Dates Employed Jan 2013 – Nov 2015 Employment Duration 2 yrs 11 mos Location Waterloo, Canada Technical and people leader of various camera systems functions at BlackBerry.- Image Quality tuning leader for all BlackBerry phones- Vendor management of Image Signal Processor vendors- Project Management for camera platform systems for BlackBerry phones- Responsible for camera manufacturing test procedures Camera Systems Developer Company Name BlackBerry Dates Employed Nov 2010 – Jan 2013 Employment Duration 2 yrs 3 mos Location Waterloo, Ontario, Canada - Developed test fixtures to evaluate new camera candidates for future RIM products and characterize current camera performance. - Component Qualification Project Manager for custom image signal processor for the BlackBerry Z10 phone- Custom circuit board design- Visual C++ software development- Multi-team collaboration- Documentation and user training- Detailed knowledge of MIPI, CSI-2 and SMIA for mobile camera Application Engineer Company Name Eastman Kodak Dates Employed Jul 2007 – Nov 2010 Employment Duration 3 yrs 5 mos Location Rochester, New York Area - Product Manager for Digital Cinema Products: Define product requirements and roadmap for Digital Cinema products.- Application Engineer: Provide technical support for sales teams in all regions (US&C, EAMER, GAR)- Support Service with installation, training, service and process documentation.- Help create RFQ and RFP for Digital Cinema See more positions Education Rochester Institute of Technology Degree Name Master of Science Field Of Study Computer Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1995 – 1999 Activities and Societies: Tau Beta Pi - Engineering Honor Society Rochester Institute of Technology Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1990 – 1993 Activities and Societies: Tau Beta Pi Monroe Community College Degree Name AS Field Of Study Engineering Science Dates attended or expected graduation 1988 – 1990 Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 40 endorsements for FPGA 40 FPGA Endorsed by Ionut Mirel, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Thomas’ colleagues at BlackBerry Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 40 endorsements for Testing 40 Testing Endorsed by Mike Milliner and 3 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 19 of Thomas’ colleagues at BlackBerry Click and drag to reorder skills Hardware See 25 endorsements for Hardware 25 Hardware Jeremy Ladan and 24 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 32 more View 32 more skills Recommendations Received (10) Given (18) Erika Nita Lotufo, PMP, CSM Sr Project Manager at eSentire Inc. February 23, 2016, Erika Nita worked with Thomas in different groups Tom was the Camera hardware team lead when we worked together to launch BlackBerry 10 devices. Tom was always aware of what competitors were doing and had the comparisons to BlackBerry devices ready and handy. His analysis were very objective, having extensive hours of test and research to support his findings. This helped Product Management several times when prioritizing the roadmap.Tom was also good at identifying problems and very open to discuss solutions and improvements. He was not afraid to speak up when there were issues that needed to be escalated. Tom also showed very good negotiation and communication skills when dealing with vendors for resolution of issues and prioritization of change requests. He would be an asset to any organization. Karo Oki NPI Engineering Specialist February 8, 2016, Thomas worked with Karo in the same group I worked with Thomas on the Camera Development Team and could attest to nothing but excellence from the technical and soft skills he brought to the team. As an intern at Blackberry, Tom created a conducive environment that enhanced my interest and productivity in the tasks I was assigned at the company through his various friendly and professional pieces of advices. Amidst his extroverted personality, he maintained a humble character infused with his passionate love for his work. In a nutshell, Tom was a leader whose extreme personal humility blended paradoxically with intense professional will. He quickly earned my respect over my duration of work at the company. His unique blend of skill, passion, teamwork and character makes him a valuable asset on any team! View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Erika Nita Lotufo, PMP, CSM Sr Project Manager at eSentire Inc. February 22, 2016, Thomas worked with Erika Nita in different groups I worked with Erika in the BlackBerry camera organization. Erika was thorough and kept the team on task and focused on the high priority software features to add the best value to our product. I found Erika especially helpful in effectively navigating business management to make sure the team had proper management support and awareness for many critical issues that happen in new product development. She knew how to properly escalate concerns to get the best results. I also found Erika to be a patient mentor. She invested a substantial amount of time training people in the hardware organization how to use software bug tracking tools, such as JIRA. She also provided critical training and mentoring in Agile so our organization could more effectively interface with the software organization. Patrick Carroll Software Test Specialist II at BlackBerry February 8, 2016, Thomas worked with Patrick in different groups I worked with Pat in the camera organization. He is a great software test specialist and is able to discover and reproduce corner cases that nobody else in the organization can find. In addition to finding and reproducing problems, Pat constantly lobbies to get issues prioritized and fixed so that the highest quality product will ship. Because of his hard work, thoroughness and special talents he brings to the organization, we were able to deliver a phone that tied the DxO Mark score for the IP6+ with a very small and agile team. View 16 more recommendations View 16 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Thomas has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Outstanding Transfer Scholarship Thomas has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Thomas has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Behavior synthesis for high speed 3D color interpolation using VHDL Interests The Project Manager Network - #1 Group for Project Managers 1,003,297 members PCM Technologies 319 followers Avnan Electro Inc. 3,302 followers Monroe Community College 38,761 followers BlackBerry 261,523 followers Teledyne Optech 2,314 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jenny has a account Jenny Yu Physics Undergraduate Teaching Assistant at The University of British Columbia UBC Rocket, Rocket Engineering Design Team The University of British Columbia Vancouver, Canada Area 119 119 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Payload, Team Lead Company Name UBC Rocket, Rocket Engineering Design Team Dates Employed Sep 2016 – Present Employment Duration 9 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Attitude Determination and Control Systems, Team Lead Company Name UBC Orbit, Satellite Engineering Design Team Dates Employed Sep 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 9 mos Location Vancouver, Canada Area Physics Undergraduate Teaching Assistant Company Name The University of British Columbia Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Apr 2017 Employment Duration 4 mos Location Department of Physics and Astronomy Education The University of British Columbia Degree Name Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Field Of Study Physics and Computer Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2013 – 2018 Chancellor's Scholar Designation Featured Skills & Endorsements Technical Project Leadership See 3 endorsements for Technical Project Leadership 3 Technical Project Leadership Daniel Schultz and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Teamwork See 7 endorsements for Teamwork 7 Teamwork Bryan Pawlina and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills MATLAB See 3 endorsements for MATLAB 3 MATLAB Bryan Pawlina and 2 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 2 more View 2 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jenny has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Level 1 - STK Certified Certification of Proficiency in Amateur Radio (Basic with Honours) Jenny has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Mandarin Jenny has 1 organization 1 Expand organizations section Organization Canadian Association of Physicists Interests DLR 15,536 followers Canadian Space Agency | Agence spatiale canadienne 2,736 followers NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration 349,519 followers European Space Agency - ESA 70,446 followers TRIUMF 2,968 followers Canadian Armed Forces | Forces armées canadiennes 33,310 followers See all See all following
More Actions Vitali has a account Vitali Beliak Senior software engineer specializing in .NET, SQL Server, and software architecture Canada 12 12 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,238 followers
More Actions Mark has a account Mark JARVIS MSc MIET Senior Project Engineer at BAE Systems BAE Systems UCL Rochester, Kent, United Kingdom 81 81 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I am an MSc qualified Hardware/Systems Engineer and who operates as a Senior Hardware engineer; who has spent many years working in the company Innovation team originating System/hardware/software designs for use in future Avionics and Mission Management and Navigation platforms. I have spent many years performing more of a Systems role working in conceptual designs for multiple Control Systems such as; - Eurofighter FCC- F35 Active Sticks System- Submarine Control System- UAV Passive Navigations SystemsIn these positions I have been responsible for a lead role in the systems design of the architectures, working from the generation of suitable solutions to the selection and recommendation of the optimum one. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Mark’s Activity 81 followers Why are military bridges so important? We set out our vision for the next generation Modular Bridging System in our latest blog. Click on the link to find out more and watch our bridging animation http://bit.ly/2q03t6f Mark liked 2017 cyber threat landscape in 3 minutes Mark liked Symposium: Hybrid-electric and Electric Aircraft – research dissemination Mark liked Delighted to report a successful return to flight of the Airlander 10 on Wed 10 May. We flew for 3 hours and achieved all our objectives, particularly around the Auxiliary Landing System deployment. We look forward to the Flight Test Programme over the next few months. Mark liked Guidance for customers regarding May 12th Ransomware attack Mark liked Swedish air force interested in Boeing-Saab trainer jet, but probably not other T-X options Mark liked See all activity Experience Senior Project Engineer Company Name BAE Systems Dates Employed Sep 1979 – Present Employment Duration 37 yrs 9 mos Location Rochester, United Kingdom Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name BAE Systems Dates Employed Aug 1979 – Present Employment Duration 37 yrs 10 mos Location Rochester, United Kingdom Education UCL Degree Name Master of Science (MSc) Field Of Study Systems Engineering Management Grade Pass Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2006 Featured Skills & Endorsements Avionics Design See 1 endorsement for Avionics Design 1 Avionics Design David Purvis has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Aerospace See 1 endorsement for Aerospace 1 Aerospace David Purvis has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Avionics See 1 endorsement for Avionics 1 Avionics David Purvis has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 35 more View 35 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (1) You haven’t received any recommendations Richard Bennett Head of Hardware Engineering at BAE Systems October 27, 2016, Mark reported directly to Richard Richard is a great leader who listens to all things I have shared with, both technical and personal and offers helpful advice. Accomplishments Mark has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English French Interests Marillyn HewsonMarillyn Hewson is a LinkedIn Influencer Lockheed Martin, Chairman, President and CEO 311,582 followers Cranfield University 48,392 followers Jacques AttaliJacques Attali is a LinkedIn Influencer Président de la Fondation Positive Planet 921,320 followers Defense & Aerospace 154,301 members Leonardo 61,220 followers Unmanned Systems Network (uas,uav,ugv,uuv) 22,188 members See all See all following
More Actions Farzan has a account Farzan Kashanchi Dipl. Ing. Elektrotechnik / engineer MSC electronics at OneSubsea OneSubsea Technical University of Hanover/Germany Hannover Area, Germany 129 129 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Since 07/2012 CAMERON/OneSubsea in Celle, Germany Instrumentation Engineer Scope of duties:• Monitoring preparation of manufacturing drawings, manufacturing, packaging, shipping, installation and commissioning of equipment at supplier plants.• Writing specifications for subsea-equipment taking into account the industrial standards and client specifications.• Writing operating manuals and testing instructions for the usage of subsea-equipment.• Execution of calculations in terms of electrical and mechanical properties of the subsea sensors.• Reviewing and approving the drawings and documentation from the suppliers taking into account the electrical and mechanical properties.• Testing the equipment in the laboratory and generating technical documentation out of the results obtained.• Execution of SAP Key User tasks.• Investigation of failure causes of the subsea sensors used in actual projects.• Supporting the costing and sales department• Supporting the aftermarket to analyze failure possibilities of equipment installed subsea.• Traveling to the suppliers to support the development of their products.• Traveling to the clients for clarifications of technical issues.• Working out presentations for clients to describe the functionality and purpose of the technical equipment we sell.05/2012 – 07/2012 OSB AG Technical Office in Hanover, Germany• Electrical Engineer08/2008 – 04/2012 Weatherford Oil Tool GmbH in Langenhagen Germany as electrical engineer in research and developement. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Farzan’s Activity 129 followers Steve Jobs' last words....Inspiring me Farzan liked See all activity Experience Dipl. Ing. Elektrotechnik / engineer MSC electronics Company Name OneSubsea Dates Employed Jul 2012 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 11 mos Instrumentation Engineer Subsea Equipment Dipl. Ing. d. Elektrotechnik / Project Engineer Company Name OSB AG Dates Employed May 2012 – Jul 2012 Employment Duration 3 mos Location Hannover Area, Germany Electrical Engineering Project Engineer electronics and programming Company Name Weatherford Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Apr 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Langenhagen, GERMANY Project Engineer in R+D Education Technical University of Hanover/Germany Degree Name Dipl.Ing. Elektrotechnik Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering/Microelectronics Dates attended or expected graduation 2000 – 2007 Featured Skills & Endorsements Engineering See 8 endorsements for Engineering 8 Engineering Alexandr Volf and 7 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Oil & Gas See 7 endorsements for Oil & Gas 7 Oil & Gas Alexandr Volf and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Project Engineering See 6 endorsements for Project Engineering 6 Project Engineering Alexandr Volf and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 7 more View 7 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Farzan has 4 languages 4 Expand languages section Languages English French German Persian Farzan has 3 courses 3 Expand courses section Courses CAN Workshop Introduction of Explosion Protection (ATEX) Printed Circuit Board Design with EAGLE Farzan has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication Simulation of migration effects in nanoscaled copper metallizations Interests Pulse 1,535,238 followers Economy 15,707,771 followers OneSubsea 22,392 followers Entrepreneurship 16,576,552 followers The Upstream Engineer 6,934 members Beth ComstockBeth Comstock is a LinkedIn Influencer Vice Chair at GE 563,100 followers See all See all following
More Actions Ron has a account Ron Byland Sr ASIC Validation/Emulation Engineer at Cirrus Logic Cirrus Logic Rochester Institute of Technology Austin, Texas 305 305 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent  Demonstrated ability to lead developments through all phases from conception to production and to cross over discipline boundaries between project management, all levels of hardware design, software, compact mechanical design and lab test Driven team player with a constant focus on success See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr ASIC Validation/Emulation Engineer Company Name Cirrus Logic Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Sr Staff Hardware Engineer Company Name Samsung Research America Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Richardson, Tx • Designer for complex wireless emulation system, first-pass successo 3 XILINX Virtex-7 690 FPGAs, 20 layers, 16”x18”, four requiredo High speed (700MSPS) logic, DACs, ADCs, clock gen, PLLs, MGT linkso Architecture, schematics, RTL, simulation, synthesis, embedded code and test • Integration and debug of all RTL implementing wireless algorithms• Designed octal clock recovery board running at 1.5GHz, first-pass success• Low-level design and schematics for baseband to IF modulator board running at 2.2GHz, first-pass success• Schedule and resource management• Integration, debug and repair of 1.8GHz IF - 28GHz RF radios• Interfaces: XAUI, 10Gbps Ethernet, DDR3, USB, FMC, UHD Video, CXP, SPI, I2C, SMB• Embedded processors: MicroBlaze, MSP430 Principle Hardware Engineer Company Name DRS Technologies RSTA Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area • Principle hardware design engineer working at various capacities (individual contributor, project engineer, functional manager for 9 engineers/technicians)• Architectural, PCB and FPGA design of high-tech night vision goggles for the DoD• Principally involved with a night vision weapon sight from conception to production, first-pass success and superior performance• Experience with handheld, battery powered systems over extended temperature range• System and cable design/test for EMI/susceptibility compliance • Interfaces: USB, VGA, LPDDR/mDDR, FLASH, micro-displays, Fibre Channel, CameraLink• Embedded processors: Nios, MSP430 Sr. Hardware Design Engineer Company Name WiQuest Communications Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Allen, Tx • Third technical employee of this fab-less semiconductor company working on Ultra-Wideband Networking ASICs• Outfitted a test lab from scratch to fully functional in 4 weeks, on a limited budget• Designed 2 generations of custom ASIC emulation platforms, both with first pass successo Generation #1 (4 XILINX Virtex 2 FPGAs, 24 MGates, 24 layers, 24”x24”, two required)o Generation #2 (5 XILINX Virtex 5 FPGAs, 60 MGates, 20 layers, 20”x15”, one required)• Partitioning, simulation, synthesis, place/route of ASIC RTL onto emulation platform for 3 generations of Ultra Wideband (802.15.3a), wireless USB, and video ASICs • Responsible for initial bring-up and functional testing of all RTL using emulation platform. This was the final check for RTL quality before all ASICs were taped-out. All Wiquest ASICs had first pass success for digital logic which can, in part, be attributed to this final screening.• Lead project engineer for Silicon bring-up, initial debug and characterization for all WiQuest ASICs upon returning from fabrication. • Interfaces: PCMCIA, SDIO, USB, PCI Express, Display Port, VGA, DVI, SPI, I2C, JTAG, Ethernet, SPDIF audio• Embedded processors: Tensilca 32 bit CPU Sr. ASIC Design Engineer Company Name Texas Instruments Dates Employed Feb 2000 – Oct 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Raleigh, NC • Co-founder of remote design center for Alantro Communications, a successful California- based wireless networking start-up that was purchased by Texas Instruments• Successfully worked with global multi-site team to develop 3 generations of 802.11 a/b/g wireless LAN chips that were the foundation of TI’s 802.11 Wireless LAN business • Project planning and site development• ASIC design, synthesis, emulation, simulation and test• Designed 3 generations of PCB designs for ASIC emulation with FPGAs, all with first-pass success• Radio integration and test• Lead 4 member emulation/silicon test team that achieved first pass success on every ASIC • Responsible for debug, integration and test of all hardware and interfaces developed on all TI WLAN chips developed world-wide during this period• Directly involved with driver, firmware, hardware integration as well as diagnostic software• Interfaces: PCI/CB/PCMCIA/CF+, SDIO, USB, Vylnq• Embedded processors: ARM7, XSCALE, OMAP, MIPS See more positions Education Rochester Institute of Technology Degree Name BS Field Of Study CE Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 36 endorsements for FPGA 36 FPGA Thomas Henige and 35 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 32 endorsements for Embedded Systems 32 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Michael Scurry and 6 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ron’s colleagues at DRS Technologies RSTA Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Software See 25 endorsements for Embedded Software 25 Embedded Software Endorsed by 3 of Ron’s colleagues at WiQuest Communications Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (10) Mark Bolla Owner/Consultant at The Bolla Group April 24, 2013, Ron worked with Mark in the same group I worked with Ron on quite a few direct and adjacent projects. Ron is one of the most thorough and analytical engineers that I have ever worked with. Given a problem or design, Ron will make sure that every aspect and corner case is investigated. And whenever I had a design review, I would make sure that he was one of the first engineers invited. He is a valuable asset to any design team. Brian Doherty Vice President of Engineering at Pharos Security October 24, 2008, Brian was senior to Ron but didn’t manage directly Ron's work here at WiQuest has really been exemplary. His work both in VLSI design and in the setup and maintenance of our FPGA platforms has been absolutely essential to WiQuest's business. In addition, his soft spoken non-confrontational manner helps everyone avoid conflict and fosters cooperation to solve problems. I would work with Ron again anytime. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Brent Rauscher Senior Software Manager May 1, 2013, Brent worked with Ron in the same group When Brent and I worked together, he was the lead firmware engineer and I was the lead EE. I found Brent to be a very experienced firmware engineer. His high level design is spot-on and his coding is clean. He also knows enough about other adjacent discliplines to make these interfaces go smoothly. It is obvious from working with Brent that he has managed other engineers before, and I think he would be good in that capacity. Brent also has a good sense of humor and is fun to work with. I think he would be an excellent addition to any team. Mark Bolla Owner/Consultant at The Bolla Group April 24, 2013, Mark worked with Ron in the same group Mark is a very well rounded electrical engineer. I suspect he could do anything that anyone throws at him. One of Mark's best attributes is that he is fun to work with. Mark enjoys what he does and it shows. The teams that Mark works on, enjoy themselves more due to his involvement. Don't underestimate the value of this when it comes to moral and efficiency. Happy people do better work. Guys like Mark do good work themselves AND influence the people around them. This makes Mark even more of an asset. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,238 followers Rochester Institute of Technology 125,048 followers Rochester Institute of Technology 119,833 followers Reaction, Inc 870 followers Cirrus Logic 22,504 followers DRS Technologies RSTA 492 followers
More Actions Ron has a account Ron Byland Sr ASIC Validation/Emulation Engineer at Cirrus Logic Cirrus Logic Rochester Institute of Technology Austin, Texas 305 305 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent  Demonstrated ability to lead developments through all phases from conception to production and to cross over discipline boundaries between project management, all levels of hardware design, software, compact mechanical design and lab test Driven team player with a constant focus on success See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Sr ASIC Validation/Emulation Engineer Company Name Cirrus Logic Dates Employed Feb 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 4 mos Sr Staff Hardware Engineer Company Name Samsung Research America Dates Employed Jul 2013 – Feb 2016 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Richardson, Tx • Designer for complex wireless emulation system, first-pass successo 3 XILINX Virtex-7 690 FPGAs, 20 layers, 16”x18”, four requiredo High speed (700MSPS) logic, DACs, ADCs, clock gen, PLLs, MGT linkso Architecture, schematics, RTL, simulation, synthesis, embedded code and test • Integration and debug of all RTL implementing wireless algorithms• Designed octal clock recovery board running at 1.5GHz, first-pass success• Low-level design and schematics for baseband to IF modulator board running at 2.2GHz, first-pass success• Schedule and resource management• Integration, debug and repair of 1.8GHz IF - 28GHz RF radios• Interfaces: XAUI, 10Gbps Ethernet, DDR3, USB, FMC, UHD Video, CXP, SPI, I2C, SMB• Embedded processors: MicroBlaze, MSP430 Principle Hardware Engineer Company Name DRS Technologies RSTA Dates Employed Jan 2009 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 4 yrs 7 mos Location Dallas/Fort Worth Area • Principle hardware design engineer working at various capacities (individual contributor, project engineer, functional manager for 9 engineers/technicians)• Architectural, PCB and FPGA design of high-tech night vision goggles for the DoD• Principally involved with a night vision weapon sight from conception to production, first-pass success and superior performance• Experience with handheld, battery powered systems over extended temperature range• System and cable design/test for EMI/susceptibility compliance • Interfaces: USB, VGA, LPDDR/mDDR, FLASH, micro-displays, Fibre Channel, CameraLink• Embedded processors: Nios, MSP430 Sr. Hardware Design Engineer Company Name WiQuest Communications Dates Employed Jan 2004 – Oct 2008 Employment Duration 4 yrs 10 mos Location Allen, Tx • Third technical employee of this fab-less semiconductor company working on Ultra-Wideband Networking ASICs• Outfitted a test lab from scratch to fully functional in 4 weeks, on a limited budget• Designed 2 generations of custom ASIC emulation platforms, both with first pass successo Generation #1 (4 XILINX Virtex 2 FPGAs, 24 MGates, 24 layers, 24”x24”, two required)o Generation #2 (5 XILINX Virtex 5 FPGAs, 60 MGates, 20 layers, 20”x15”, one required)• Partitioning, simulation, synthesis, place/route of ASIC RTL onto emulation platform for 3 generations of Ultra Wideband (802.15.3a), wireless USB, and video ASICs • Responsible for initial bring-up and functional testing of all RTL using emulation platform. This was the final check for RTL quality before all ASICs were taped-out. All Wiquest ASICs had first pass success for digital logic which can, in part, be attributed to this final screening.• Lead project engineer for Silicon bring-up, initial debug and characterization for all WiQuest ASICs upon returning from fabrication. • Interfaces: PCMCIA, SDIO, USB, PCI Express, Display Port, VGA, DVI, SPI, I2C, JTAG, Ethernet, SPDIF audio• Embedded processors: Tensilca 32 bit CPU Sr. ASIC Design Engineer Company Name Texas Instruments Dates Employed Feb 2000 – Oct 2003 Employment Duration 3 yrs 9 mos Location Raleigh, NC • Co-founder of remote design center for Alantro Communications, a successful California- based wireless networking start-up that was purchased by Texas Instruments• Successfully worked with global multi-site team to develop 3 generations of 802.11 a/b/g wireless LAN chips that were the foundation of TI’s 802.11 Wireless LAN business • Project planning and site development• ASIC design, synthesis, emulation, simulation and test• Designed 3 generations of PCB designs for ASIC emulation with FPGAs, all with first-pass success• Radio integration and test• Lead 4 member emulation/silicon test team that achieved first pass success on every ASIC • Responsible for debug, integration and test of all hardware and interfaces developed on all TI WLAN chips developed world-wide during this period• Directly involved with driver, firmware, hardware integration as well as diagnostic software• Interfaces: PCI/CB/PCMCIA/CF+, SDIO, USB, Vylnq• Embedded processors: ARM7, XSCALE, OMAP, MIPS See more positions Education Rochester Institute of Technology Degree Name BS Field Of Study CE Dates attended or expected graduation 1979 – 1985 Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 36 endorsements for FPGA 36 FPGA Thomas Henige and 35 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 32 endorsements for Embedded Systems 32 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Carlos Perez-Nafarrate and 4 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 2 of Ron’s colleagues at DRS Technologies RSTA Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Software See 25 endorsements for Embedded Software 25 Embedded Software Endorsed by 3 of Ron’s colleagues at WiQuest Communications Click and drag to reorder skills View 29 more View 29 more skills Recommendations Received (3) Given (10) Mark Bolla Owner/Consultant at The Bolla Group April 24, 2013, Ron worked with Mark in the same group I worked with Ron on quite a few direct and adjacent projects. Ron is one of the most thorough and analytical engineers that I have ever worked with. Given a problem or design, Ron will make sure that every aspect and corner case is investigated. And whenever I had a design review, I would make sure that he was one of the first engineers invited. He is a valuable asset to any design team. Brian Doherty Vice President of Engineering at Pharos Security October 24, 2008, Brian was senior to Ron but didn’t manage directly Ron's work here at WiQuest has really been exemplary. His work both in VLSI design and in the setup and maintenance of our FPGA platforms has been absolutely essential to WiQuest's business. In addition, his soft spoken non-confrontational manner helps everyone avoid conflict and fosters cooperation to solve problems. I would work with Ron again anytime. View 1 more recommendation View 1 more recommendation recommendations Brent Rauscher Senior Software Manager May 1, 2013, Brent worked with Ron in the same group When Brent and I worked together, he was the lead firmware engineer and I was the lead EE. I found Brent to be a very experienced firmware engineer. His high level design is spot-on and his coding is clean. He also knows enough about other adjacent discliplines to make these interfaces go smoothly. It is obvious from working with Brent that he has managed other engineers before, and I think he would be good in that capacity. Brent also has a good sense of humor and is fun to work with. I think he would be an excellent addition to any team. Mark Bolla Owner/Consultant at The Bolla Group April 24, 2013, Mark worked with Ron in the same group Mark is a very well rounded electrical engineer. I suspect he could do anything that anyone throws at him. One of Mark's best attributes is that he is fun to work with. Mark enjoys what he does and it shows. The teams that Mark works on, enjoy themselves more due to his involvement. Don't underestimate the value of this when it comes to moral and efficiency. Happy people do better work. Guys like Mark do good work themselves AND influence the people around them. This makes Mark even more of an asset. View 8 more recommendations View 8 more recommendations recommendations Accomplishments Interests Rochester Institute of Technology 125,048 followers Pulse 1,535,237 followers Reaction, Inc 870 followers DRS Technologies RSTA 492 followers Cirrus Logic 22,504 followers Rochester Institute of Technology 119,833 followers
More Actions Paul has a account Paul Marsh, PhD Personal Growth Facilitator, using outdoor adventure for personal growth and development Paul Marsh, Personal Growth Facilitator Indiana University Bloomington Arcata, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I create and facilitate outdoor experiences that inspire growth. My work helps people to develop and realize their potential in both personal and professional settings.I have over 35 years of experience in the outdoor and personal growth industries. My work has been in both the non-profit and for-profit sectors. I am an outdoor adventure facilitator, guide, leader, and manager. My experience range: Fortune 100 sales and marketing – summer camp management – wilderness adventure guiding and instruction – university professor. I have an education and experience in business management, outdoor recreation resource management, leadership, experiential education, social psychology, and personal fulfillment. My research supports my expertise and includes 1) the development of self-esteem in youth, and 2) spiritual awareness that results from adventures in the wilderness. See moreSee more of undefined summary Experience Leadership, Coaching & Consulting Company Name Paul Marsh, Personal Growth Facilitator Dates Employed Aug 2013 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 10 mos Location Adventuring from Arcata, California Personal and professional coaching and leadership development using outdoor adventure and team challenges. Experiences in nature are used to enhance personal coaching for human development, motivation, and spiritual awareness. Team building and challenge courses facilitation enhance coaching for leadership training and development.What:•Individual life coaching & adventures•Small group coaching & adventures•Consulting and curriculum development services for youth & young adult development organizations•Leadership Development experiences for individuals, large and small groups: – Team Building – Staff TrainingWho:• young adults seeking fulfillment in their lives and careers• adults ready for, or making a life transition• youth, development of positive life skills • Youth and young adult identity development• corporate team building and training for large and small groups Assistant Professor in Recreation Administration & Outdoor Adventure Specialist - Retired Company Name Humboldt State University Dates Employed Aug 2008 – Jul 2013 Employment Duration 5 yrs Location Arcata, CA Learning facilitator (aka teacher/instructor/Professor).Developed the Outdoor Adventure Recreation & Leadership option in the Recreation Administration program, College of Professional Studies. Media (1) This position has 1 media Facilitating a Winter Adventure Leadership Course Facilitating a Winter Adventure Leadership Course This media is a video Visiting Assistant Professor, Outdoor Leadership Company Name Springfield College Dates Employed Aug 2007 – May 2008 Employment Duration 10 mos Location Springfield, MA Outdoor leadership program specialist in the Department of Sport Management and Recreation. Facilitator & Consultant, Owner Company Name Camp Leadership Training and Consulting Dates Employed Dec 2002 – May 2004 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location Three Rivers, MI & Alta, WY Training, team building, consulting, and research in summer camps and youth development organizations. General Manager Company Name Park Shore Marina Dates Employed Jul 2002 – Dec 2002 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Cassopolis, MI Operations, Sales, Marketing, and Budget management for 7 businesses: slippage rental, winter storage, mechanic & repair services, dock and lift installations, parts sales, new boat sales, general store & fuel dock. See more positions Education Indiana University Bloomington Degree Name Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Field Of Study Leisure Behavior Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2007 Personal growth facilitation, leadership, experiential education, adventure recreation, spirituality and wilderness Indiana University Bloomington Degree Name Master of Science (MS) Field Of Study Outdoor Recreation Resource Management Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 1999 Summer camp management and outdoor adventure leadership The University of Western Ontario Degree Name Bachelor of Arts (BA) Field Of Study Honors Business Administration Dates attended or expected graduation 1984 – 1986 Volunteer Experience Board of Managers Company Name YMCA Camp Eberhart Dates volunteered Jan 1998 – Dec 2004 Volunteer duration 7 yrs Cause Children Advisory board for a 200 acre children's camp serving over 5000 youth and young adults per year. Volunteer Ski Patroller Company Name National Ski Patrol Dates volunteered 1977 – 2002 Volunteer duration 25 yrs Accomplishments Paul has 2 certifications 2 Expand certifications section Certifications Outdoor Emergency Care Technician Healthcare Provider CPR Paul has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Examining backcountry adventure as a spiritual experience. What does camp do for kids?: A meta-analysis of the influence of the organized camping experience on the self constructs of youth.
More Actions Jing has a account Jing Zhu Founder of Jingsourcing.com jingsourcing.com East China University of Science and Technology Jinhua City, Zhejiang, China 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent I grown up in a Chinese family with all family members doing trading or manufacturing business. Although my major was Communication Engineering in University, I helped clients from different countries to source suppliers in China that time.With years sourcing experience, I found Jingsourcing.com in 2015, and built a team to help foreign importers find suppliers in China. By working with us, they will save both time and cost on importing from China.I also started writing blog articles in Jingsourcing.com since 2015, to share experience about how to import from China. My blog got 10,000 subscribed in a year. http://jingsourcing.com/sourcing-blog/Contact me via Email: zhujing@jingsourcing.com See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Jing’s Articles 2,650 followers Industrial Clusters in Zhejiang Province, China Jing Zhu on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 28, 2016 See 9 more articles How to Import Small Quantity from China: Guide for Business Starter Jing Zhu on LinkedIn Publish dateJanuary 5, 2016 Experience Founder Company Name jingsourcing.com Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Yiwu, Zhejiang, China -Founder of Jingsourcing.com, which dedicated to source products in China for small business.-Offer sourcing consultation service for foreign customers who want to develop products in China.-Supply products for foreign customers who doing retail and wholesale business. Hardware Engineer Intern Company Name Data I/O Dates Employed Apr 2012 – Sep 2012 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Shanghai City, China Education East China University of Science and Technology Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Signal and Information Processing Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2014 Featured Skills & Endorsements Supplier Sourcing See 11 endorsements for Supplier Sourcing 11 Supplier Sourcing Endorsed by 2 of Jing’s colleagues at Jingsourcing.com Click and drag to reorder skills Business Analysis See 9 endorsements for Business Analysis 9 Business Analysis Endorsed by 2 of Jing’s colleagues at Jingsourcing.com Click and drag to reorder skills E-commerce SEO See 7 endorsements for E-commerce SEO 7 E-commerce SEO Endorsed by 2 of Jing’s colleagues at Jingsourcing.com Click and drag to reorder skills View 22 more View 22 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jing has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Cantonese Chinese English Interests Husqvarna (China) Machinery Manufacturing Co., Ltd 307 followers eCommerce Platforms (ATG, Hybris, IBM WCS, Demandware, Intershop, others) 25,962 members Products We Sourced for Customers 23 followers China Entrepreneur Community 1,774 members KLM Royal Dutch Airlines 409,426 followers KitNipBox 152 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jerrod has a account Jerrod English Electrical Engineer Stf. at Lockheed Martin, Missiles & Fire Control Lockheed Martin, Missiles & Fire Control The University of Texas at Arlington Dallas/Fort Worth Area 189 189 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent - 13 years of experience with the development of RF/Microwave, radar, and communication systems.- 7 years of technical leadership experience.- Active Clearance: Top Secret.- M.S. in Electrical Engineering with 4.0 GPA.- System and circuit level experience covering a wide range of frequencies including VHF, UHF, L-Band, S-Band, C-Band, Ku-Band, and Ka-Band.- Project management experience with cross-functional teams.- Well versed in RF PCB Design/Layout.- Thorough Documentation Skills.- Excellent computer skills including Agilent ADS, Microwave Office (AWR), CST Studio Suite (3D- EM), Cadence/OrCAD/PSpice, Matlab, Labview, Mentor Graphics, and other circuit design, layout, and simulation software.- Extensive use of test equipment in both frequency and time domains including network analyzers, spectrum analyzers, power meters, oscilloscopes, signal generators, and other common electrical measurement equipment. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Electrical Engineer Stf. Company Name Lockheed Martin, Missiles & Fire Control Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Location Grand Prairie, TX Research and Development Hardware Engineer IV - Lead ALCOR/MMW Receiver Engineer Company Name Kwajalein Range Services Dates Employed May 2012 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Kwajalein Atoll, RMI C-Band/ Ka-Band Radars Electrical Engineer Sr. Company Name Lockheed Martin, Missiles & Fire Control Dates Employed May 2009 – May 2012 Employment Duration 3 yrs 1 mo Location Grand Prairie, TX X-Band/ Ku-Band Seeker Design System Analysis Hardware Engineer III - Lead TRADEX Microwave/Receiver Engineer Company Name Kwajalein Range Services Dates Employed Jan 2007 – Oct 2009 Employment Duration 2 yrs 10 mos Location Kwajalein Atoll, RMI L-Band/ S-Band Radars Sr. RF Design Engineer Company Name Motorola Dates Employed May 2000 – Jan 2007 Employment Duration 6 yrs 9 mos Location Fort Worth, TX Cellular infrastructure development Education The University of Texas at Arlington Degree Name Master's Degree Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Grade GPA 4.0 Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2014 Texas A&M University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Grade Summa Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2001 Activities and Societies: IEEE, Eta Kappa Nu, Tau Beta Pi, Phi Eta Sigma Featured Skills & Endorsements RF See 19 endorsements for RF 19 RF Mike Pearson and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Wireless See 10 endorsements for Wireless 10 Wireless Jim Bennett and 9 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Testing See 8 endorsements for Testing 8 Testing Endorsed by Mark Young, PMP, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 5 of Jerrod’s colleagues at Motorola Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Texas A&M University 341,393 followers Texas A&M University 355,834 followers The University of Texas at Arlington 146,161 followers Pulse 1,535,240 followers The University of Texas at Arlington 151,868 followers
More Actions Shefali has a account Shefali Nagpal Laud R&D Section Manager at HP Inc. HP Stanford University Graduate School of Business Vancouver, Washington 458 458 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent An accomplished business manager and innovative thinker with over 16 years of demonstrated leadership in a broad range of roles in technology and services industry in product and business development.Skills include:1. Research and Development for Hardware, Firmware and Software2. Experience Design and Design thinking3. Pre Sales, Customer assurance experience4. Managing large teams of 100+5. Global Team Leadership6. Strategy & Planning7. Portfolio & Roadmap Management8. Setting up organizations and building new technologies See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Follow Follow {:entityName} Shefali’s Activity 461 followers Many of you have shared your concerns with me about the cost of ink and the fact that you are always running out of ink at very inconvenient times when using your printers. Well, finally, here is some good news from HP. We have come up with a solution to address this concern. We tried it out at home and it is really quite useful. Kids can just print useful things without the worry of using up all the ink and getting stranded. I got a 1 month free trial for this which I can share, so feel free to try it out and see for yourself if it works for you. o HP Instant Ink – it saves you up to 50% on ink and you will never run out of ink again. o Use this link for 1 month free subscription https://lnkd.in/gjeHrcQ #HPInstantInk #NeverRunOut Shefali shared this See all activity Experience R&D Section Manager Company Name HP Dates Employed Apr 2014 – Present Employment Duration 3 yrs 2 mos Location Vancouver, Washington, USA Provides direction, leadership and support of multiple engineering teams (with 80+ people) developing innovative HP office printing products. Responsible to deliver a portfolio of products and solutions that meet the business objectives and needs of the HP OfficeJet Pro X, HP Pagewide products for SMB and Enterprise and Large Format businesses. Execute to meet program goals in terms of quality, schedule, financials, and New Product Introduction (NPI) processes. Efforts span product conception & functionality assessments through design, development and introduction. Lead Firmware, Embedded software , software solutions and Digital ASIC section to serve the needs of the R&D lab and cross-IPS labs. Drive value-driven innovations to deliver effective customer solutions. Collaborate in cross- organizational , cross - geographies and business development efforts, and represent the broader interests of the business in future technology/platform/asset forums. Establish linkages and working relationships with internal technology partners to share and leverage knowledge and processes. Direct activities, oversees schedules, budgets & resource capacities, while ensuring cross company communications to facilitate program completion. Works with business and engineering management to identify and improve process and program efficiencies. Work can involve both internal and external partners such as manufacturing and solution development organizations. Meet financial commitments, and build a high performance culture and continuously improve on employee engagement. Directly Manage a group of Program Managers, People Managers and Master Engineers . R&D Section Manager Company Name HP Dates Employed Mar 2012 – Mar 2014 Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location Singapore Lead the OfficeJet Pro (OJP) R&D teams to deliver a portfolio of products that meet the target customer segment needs and business objectives in terms of Products Design, NPI quality, financials, schedule and cost. Additionally, Partnering with Marketing, co-lead the Category Business Management Team (cBMT) to grow the OJ/OJP business segment, create a competitive, profitable and executable vintage chart. As an asset provider, lead the EE & Fax Asset teams and project coordinator teams to generate a comprehensive roadmap and deliver for the extended portfolio.Directly Manage a group of Program Managers and People Managers. Customer Education Competency Manager Company Name HP Dates Employed Feb 2011 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Setup the Customer Education Competency by managing and and providing strategic guidance to a group of High Performing experienced Global Employees located in 6 different cities spanning Asia and North America working as a strong remote team to create and execute the Documentation, assisted and unassisted help strategy for portfolio of Consumer and SMB Printing products and solutions for world wide market Design Strategist and Planner Company Name HP Dates Employed Jan 2010 – Feb 2012 Employment Duration 2 yrs 2 mos Experiential Design Manager Company Name HP Dates Employed Mar 2008 – Jan 2010 Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Setup an Experiential Design Team and Managed a team of Industrial Designers, Human Factors Engineers, User Interface designers, technical writers and product documentation managers for HP's Officejet and OfficejetPro class of printing products. See more positions Education Stanford University Graduate School of Business Degree Name Building Innovative Leaders Dates attended or expected graduation 2014 – 2015 Nanyang Technological University Degree Name Masters Field Of Study Communication Software and Networks Dates attended or expected graduation 2001 – 2004 Nanyang Technological University Degree Name Bachelors Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 2000 Featured Skills & Endorsements Product Management See 23 endorsements for Product Management 23 Product Management Endorsed by 8 of Shefali’s colleagues at HP Click and drag to reorder skills Management See 19 endorsements for Management 19 Management Endorsed by 6 of Shefali’s colleagues at HP Click and drag to reorder skills User Interface Design See 17 endorsements for User Interface Design 17 User Interface Design Endorsed by 5 of Shefali’s colleagues at HP Click and drag to reorder skills View 19 more View 19 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Shefali has 3 languages 3 Expand languages section Languages Bengali English Hindi Interests Nanyang Technological University 149,442 followers Technology 20,769,732 followers Stanford University Graduate School of Business 73,418 followers Hewlett Packard Enterprise 2,454,324 followers CNET 632,383 followers Stanford University Graduate School of Business 137,686 followers See all See all following
More Actions Asheem has a account Asheem Linaval Hardware Engineer @ ████████ San Francisco Bay Area 211 211 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent ████ ██████ and ███ ██████ █████ ███ ████ ███ █████ ██ ███ ████. ███ █████ were ███ █████████ and ████ █████ ████████. Highlights Featured Skills & Endorsements Python See 7 endorsements for Python 7 Python Rachel Ralston and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Matlab See 7 endorsements for Matlab 7 Matlab Rachel Ralston and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills PCB layout design See 7 endorsements for PCB layout design 7 PCB layout design Jason Mukai and 6 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 14 more View 14 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments
More Actions Qi has a account Qi (Emma) Liu Software Engineer at Uber Uber Stanford University San Francisco Bay Area 191 191 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Senior Software Engineer Company Name Uber Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Location San Francisco Bay Area Work on dispatch service in dispatch core team Senior Software Engineer Company Name Oracle Dates Employed Apr 2011 – May 2015 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location Santa Clara, California -Developed the core software that boot straps the next generation SPARC servers and systems. The SPARC CPU is multi-core, multi-strand, high performance processor which constitutes the multi-node SPARC systems.-Developed multi-strand parallel initialization code to speed up execution time. Applied various advanced algorithms and memory management techniques to boost system performance, improve system fault tolerance.-Worked on the firmware for CPU core/strand, caches, clocking, coherency setup. Implemented memory subsystem(memory link, memory buffer ASIC, DARM, DDR bus) initialization, high speed data links tuning, CPU trap/fatal handler, system fault management and platform configuration policies.-Successfully released firmware code for three generations of high-end server products and familiar with computer architecture of complex server systems. Software Engineer Company Name Apple Dates Employed Jun 2010 – Sep 2010 Employment Duration 4 mos Location cupertino -Developed automated chamber test software in C language for active/passive power measurement on iPhones. The software has a GUI interface for users to setup different testing configurations. It controls various test equipments through GPIB interface.-Integrated most currently available antenna testing capabilities, automated and accelerated those measurement with full-3D continuous data sampling. The performance improvement was 5x compared to commercial testing softwares. Education Stanford University Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Electrical and Electronics Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2009 – 2011 Shanghai Jiao Tong University Degree Name Bachelor of Science Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Featured Skills & Endorsements Distributed Systems Distributed Systems No endorsements yet Click and drag to reorder skills Java See 6 endorsements for Java 6 Java Endorsed by Yang (Bruce) Li, who is highly skilled at this Endorsed by 3 of Qi’s colleagues at Oracle Click and drag to reorder skills C See 7 endorsements for C 7 C Endorsed by 6 of Qi’s colleagues at Oracle Click and drag to reorder skills View 18 more View 18 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Qi has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English chinese Qi has 2 projects 2 Expand projects section Projects Natural Language Processing Computer Vision Project Qi has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Machine Learning Interests Oracle 2,119,844 followers Uber 601,371 followers Stanford University 373,238 followers 上海交通大学 107,663 followers Pulse 1,535,241 followers Shanghai Jiao Tong University 114,456 followers See all See all following
More Actions Robbi has a account Robbi Thompson Senior Software Engineer at LifeHealth, LLC LifeHealth, LLC University of Minnesota, Institute of Technology Saint Paul, Minnesota 30 30 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent An experienced embedded software/firmware engineer with significant digital hardware design background who has developed systems ranging from small microprocessor-based designs to multiprocessor, DSP-based systems. Takes a pragmatic approach to design and software/hardware tradeoffs, has excellent diagnostic and troubleshooting skills and communicates well. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Software Engineer Company Name LifeHealth, LLC Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Responsibilities include: Embedded software/firmware development for LifeHealth's existing and next generation portable blood analyzers; Generating system and software requirements; Creating software unit tests. Embedded Software/Firmware Engineer Company Name Aerotek Dates Employed Sep 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos As a consultant through Aerotek, worked as part of the client's development team to generate and test embedded software for several Freescale (now NXP) Kinetis ARM Cortex M-4 based systems. The systems used Freescale's MQX RTOS in conjunction with Keil's development environment. Senior Staff Engineer Company Name Accriva Diagnostics / ITC Dates Employed Sep 2003 – May 2014 Employment Duration 10 yrs 9 mos Location Roseville, MN Developed embedded software/firmware for a number of prototype and production blood analyzers. Also made significant contributions to the hardware designs for several of these analyzers. Additional duties included participating in peer code reviews, software unit testing, hardware troubleshooting, requirements review, manufacturing support and tool evaluation and configuration. Principal Software Engineer Company Name Diametrics Medical Inc. Dates Employed Nov 1994 – Sep 2003 Employment Duration 8 yrs 11 mos Location Roseville, MN Provided software and hardware solutions for several projects including: Several generations of IRMA point-of-care blood analyzer software, supporting several new disposable cartridges, additional user input functions, modem and LAN communications, and production support to replace obsolete or difficult to get parts and subsystems; The Portal Blood Analyzer (with Philips Medical) which packaged IRMA functionality in a unit used with Philip's patient monitoring systems; and the IRMA Lifescan Glucose Module which integrated a Johnson & Johnson Lifescan glucose meter as an add-on module to IRMA. Consultant Company Name Doradus Corporation Dates Employed Jul 1987 – Nov 1994 Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos As part of this small consulting firm, provided embedded software and hardware solutions for a wide variety of customer projects including the 3M 3100 Modular Infusion System and the Graco Inc. Electronic Fluid Commander. See more positions Education University of Minnesota, Institute of Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1981 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Software See 1 endorsement for Embedded Software 1 Embedded Software Anne Mickelson has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 1 endorsement for Embedded Systems 1 Embedded Systems Anne Mickelson has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C See 1 endorsement for C 1 C Anne Mickelson has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Robbi has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Association of Computing Machinery IEEE Computer Society Interests IEEE Computer Society Members 43,181 members International Technidyne Corporation 854 followers Pulse 1,535,241 followers Accriva Diagnostics 2,425 followers Minnetronix, Inc. 2,831 followers Development Resource Group 105 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jordi has a account Jordi Parramon Director, Medical Devices Verily-Google Life Sciences Verily - Google Life Sciences Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona South San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Engineering leader with 18+ years of industry experience developing class III neuromodulation devices with experience at both start-up and large company environment. • Innovative: Authored or co-authored 50+ granted US patents and many pending patents in neuromod field, mostly pushing technology limits in miniaturizaiton, low-power and functionality.• Team builder: Built motivated and creative engineering teams, including off-shoring and captive.• Management: Twelve years total management experience, with recent orgs 80+.• Deep understanding of Spinal Cord and Deep Brain Stimulation technologies and business.• Experience with clincial research, Sr Mgmt - strategy, KOL/customer interfacing, External research partnerships, Class III manufacturing, regulatory strategy, etc. • Member of number of internal boards including strategic planning, IP, awards, medical and scientific advisory, etc.. • Extensive NBD exposure. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Medical Devices Company Name Verily - Google Life Sciences Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location United States Director Of R&D, Electronics Company Name Boston Scientific Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location Valencia, CA Four functional areas: Hardware systems, Firmware, ASIC design and Automatic Test Equipment.• Managing 80+ org overseeing Implants and Externals product and technology development; major product launches include Spectra, Novi and Montage for SCS and Vercise-PC for DBS, accounting for aprox $500M/year revenue.• Active participant of IP board, strategic planning, Medical Advisory Board and significant NBD involvement. Director of R&D, Implant HW and ASIC Company Name Boston Scientific Neuromodulation Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Valencia, CA Leading implant electronics design team • Managing 10+ org overseeing IC design plus Implant Electronics, focus on Spectra –world’s first 32 contact neurostim platform - including custom ASIC. Spectra had a $100M incremental revenue first year launch.• Technical talent development, IP portfolio, contributor to division strategic planning and technology roadmap Manager of R&D, Integrated Circuit design Company Name Boston Scientific Neuromodulation Dates Employed Oct 2004 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Valencia, CA Manager and technical lead the team developing custom mixed-mode ASICs for neuromod. Principal R&D Engineer, Integrated Circuit design Company Name Advanced Bionics Corporation Dates Employed Mar 2002 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Valencia, CA Lead IC designer on 2nd-gen bion IC and IPG. Architect of next-gen Spinal Cord Stimulator ASIC. See more positions Education Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Grade Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2002 Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona Degree Name MS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1997 Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1995 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements ASIC See 35 endorsements for ASIC 35 ASIC Juan Carlos Montero Molina and 34 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Matthew Haller CTO at RxSight April 16, 2009, Matthew managed Jordi directly Jordi worked for me for 9 years. He is truly an outstanding employee. His work ethic, talent, judgement, insight, innovation and attention to detail are all tremendous. After 5 years of working for me, I promoted Jordi to manager level. As a manager, he did an outstanding job restructuring his department and leading his people. He is an excellent recruiter and motivator. I give Jordi my highest possible recommendation. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jordi has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Misc info Jordi has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication A micropower low-Noise neural recording front-End circuit for epileptic seizure detection Interests Brain Industry 2,556 members Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona 129,173 followers Medical Device Networkers 133,563 members Medical Devices Startups 53,915 members Pulse 1,535,241 followers Boston Scientific 218,222 followers See all See all following
More Actions Gleb has a account Gleb Devyatkin PHP, JavaScript, MySQL, Redis, Linux, HTML, CSS, API, Node.JS, DIY hardware. 10 years experience. Auckland, New Zealand. OYLA Youth Science Magazine Edenz College Auckland, New Zealand 148 148 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Interesting in web developer job position in Auckland, New Zealand. Student visa holder and could work up to 20 hours per week and full-time with benefits after 16/06/2017, also could change my visa to work visa in 1-2 weeks for a suitable role. Prefer projects with research and challenges. Someone told you that your tasks are impossible? I will done it. Really, just send me email.Feel free to contact with me by email: sovgvd@gmail.comHighly qualified IT professional with more than 10 years of excellent web development experience.Sharp critical thinking skills, problem analysis and resolution.Enthusiastic and self-motivated, can make almost any kind of web project from the beginning to the release with a good designer or as a part of the team. Good skills in "reading another's code"​, studying and googling.Web-development experience and more: PHP, OOP, MVC, Chrome extensions, cross platform applications, MySQL, Redis, JavaScript, HTML5, Cloud computing, Internet security, research, CSS, Node.js, Python, C, MSSQL, IIS. Also other related web technologies and open source. GNU/Linux expert user (Ubuntu/Debian, CentOS).And also: photo and video operator and post-production (4K, professional sound), aerial photography, hardware engineer, DIY, and more and more. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Web Application Developer Company Name OYLA Youth Science Magazine Dates Employed Mar 2017 – Present Employment Duration 3 mos Location Auckland, New Zealand - viewer, based on JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, jQuery Booklet, AJAX, - converter PDF to set of tiles in low RAM and storage environment (pdftoppm, imagemagick, php-gd),- access rights and administration panel (jQuery, Bootstrap, PHP, MySQL)- install and configuration software: Nginx, php-fpm, MySQL, Redis, pdftoppm, imagemagick, php gd, Let's Encrypt SSL, etcContinue upgrade and improve system after first release. Media (1) This position has 1 media OYLA Science digital magazine OYLA Science digital magazine This media is an image Senior PHP/Web Developer Company Name ServerClub Inc. Dates Employed Apr 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Location United States, Russia GNU/Linux, PHP, JS, MySQL, reports software, legacy code support and upgrade- Joined this dedicated server hosting company with clients in the Europe, USA and Russia to write server-side and client-side code for web-based applications, create robust applications and develop prototypes quickly. - Scale internal architecture to improve performance and enhance ability to handle new users. - Design and implement scalable and reliable technologies across the platform. - Make changes across databases and optimize server and client code on web platforms. - Work with internal and external clients in tackling issues, identifying root causes and providing technical and infrastructure solutions. - Perform code optimization and software tuning to significantly improve performance and stability of projects. - Develop Software-as-a-Service B2B application for clients in the Europe, USA, Russia and Malaysia. - Reach zabbix based monitoring for clients. - 2015 year - new look, new design, new UX, new features. Integration with internet banking. Media (1) This position has 1 media New look, new UI, new UX New look, new UI, new UX This media is an image Web/Software Developer Company Name Internet security Dates Employed Jul 2015 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 11 mos Location United States, Russia, Europe Web site, payment systems integration, 3rd-party billing integration and improve for client required features. Private networking with encryption for various devices width point to security and easy-to-use. New technology research and integration. Solution Consultant. Cross platform applications.Technology: LAMP, Nginx, PHP-FPM, Node.JS, Redis, MySQL, Cloud, virtualization, Debian, Ubuntu, jQuery, Bootstrap, browser plugins extensions, Electron framework. Node.JS developer Company Name NDA, sorry Dates Employed Apr 2016 – Sep 2016 Employment Duration 6 mos Location Россия Node.js, node-canvas, instant messanger bot API, network, cloud computing, multithread, WebSocket. data collection, reverse engineering, Linux, Debian, Ubuntu. Optimization. Bash, Trading and Markets API. Senior JS/PHP developer Company Name NDA, sorry Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Jun 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos Location United States, Russian Federation Data collection, algorithms prediction, reverse engineering and statistics analysis.JS, PHP, C++. Bash, Virtualization, Financial, Trading and Markets API, MySQL, Linux, Debian, CentOS, Network, Distributed computing See more positions Education Edenz College Degree Name Software development level 7 Field Of Study Robotics, IoT, Web, Mobile and Desktop developing, Cloud computing Dates attended or expected graduation 2017 Media (1) This position has 1 media Self driving obstacle avoidance car demo Self driving obstacle avoidance car demo This media is a video International University of Nature, Society and Man "Dubna" Degree Name Master's degree Field Of Study Computer Systems Analysis Dates attended or expected graduation 2008 – 2011 International University of Nature, Society and Man "Dubna" Degree Name Bachelor's degree Field Of Study Information Technology Dates attended or expected graduation 2004 – 2008 Activities and Societies: Design and code firsr version of university branch web site from scratch, including forum and tech support. studying a lot of unnecessary things and some very useful lessons Media (1) This position has 1 media Dubna university (Dmitrov branch) web-site Dubna university (Dmitrov branch) web-site This media is an image Volunteer Experience PC upgrades Company Name Orevo secondary school Dates volunteered Oct 2009 – Mar 2010 Volunteer duration 6 mos Cause Children Almost all PCs was upgraded by good friends. Featured Skills & Endorsements PHP See 6 endorsements for PHP 6 PHP Eugene Selivanov and 5 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills MySQL See 5 endorsements for MySQL 5 MySQL Eugene Selivanov and 4 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Linux See 4 endorsements for Linux 4 Linux Eugene Selivanov and 3 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 37 more View 37 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Gleb has 24 projects 24 Expand projects section Projects MegaPirateNG Aerial photo ROI viewer microajax nekaka.com Aerial Photography Kiosk information system Wayfinding kiosk system Book like information system about cultural life of the Russian regions Things review demo 3D canvas (2d) engine for building map and guide - early demo Gleb has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages English Русский Gleb has 2 publications 2 Expand publications section Publications Лайфхаки для Икара (Lifehack for Icarus) - Как спроектировать собственный квадрокоптер (How to design your own quadcopter) A lot of IT and UAV articles Gleb has 1 course 1 Expand courses section Course NZIST - General English Gleb has 1 patent 1 Expand patents section Patent Multi-functional information system for sensor-based kiosks (KioskBase) Gleb has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score General IELTS Interests The Entertainment Media Group 46 followers iOnline Pty Ltd 213 followers The Hub.Careers Network (#1 in Jobs, Recruiters, HR, Managers, Finance, Marketing & Technology) 512,125 members Itag Media 78 followers Международный Университет Природы, Общества и Человека «Дубна» 1,411 followers SLI Systems 2,851 followers See all See all following
More Actions Robbi has a account Robbi Thompson Senior Software Engineer at LifeHealth, LLC LifeHealth, LLC University of Minnesota, Institute of Technology Saint Paul, Minnesota 30 30 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent An experienced embedded software/firmware engineer with significant digital hardware design background who has developed systems ranging from small microprocessor-based designs to multiprocessor, DSP-based systems. Takes a pragmatic approach to design and software/hardware tradeoffs, has excellent diagnostic and troubleshooting skills and communicates well. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Software Engineer Company Name LifeHealth, LLC Dates Employed May 2015 – Present Employment Duration 2 yrs 1 mo Responsibilities include: Embedded software/firmware development for LifeHealth's existing and next generation portable blood analyzers; Generating system and software requirements; Creating software unit tests. Embedded Software/Firmware Engineer Company Name Aerotek Dates Employed Sep 2014 – May 2015 Employment Duration 9 mos As a consultant through Aerotek, worked as part of the client's development team to generate and test embedded software for several Freescale (now NXP) Kinetis ARM Cortex M-4 based systems. The systems used Freescale's MQX RTOS in conjunction with Keil's development environment. Senior Staff Engineer Company Name Accriva Diagnostics / ITC Dates Employed Sep 2003 – May 2014 Employment Duration 10 yrs 9 mos Location Roseville, MN Developed embedded software/firmware for a number of prototype and production blood analyzers. Also made significant contributions to the hardware designs for several of these analyzers. Additional duties included participating in peer code reviews, software unit testing, hardware troubleshooting, requirements review, manufacturing support and tool evaluation and configuration. Principal Software Engineer Company Name Diametrics Medical Inc. Dates Employed Nov 1994 – Sep 2003 Employment Duration 8 yrs 11 mos Location Roseville, MN Provided software and hardware solutions for several projects including: Several generations of IRMA point-of-care blood analyzer software, supporting several new disposable cartridges, additional user input functions, modem and LAN communications, and production support to replace obsolete or difficult to get parts and subsystems; The Portal Blood Analyzer (with Philips Medical) which packaged IRMA functionality in a unit used with Philip's patient monitoring systems; and the IRMA Lifescan Glucose Module which integrated a Johnson & Johnson Lifescan glucose meter as an add-on module to IRMA. Consultant Company Name Doradus Corporation Dates Employed Jul 1987 – Nov 1994 Employment Duration 7 yrs 5 mos As part of this small consulting firm, provided embedded software and hardware solutions for a wide variety of customer projects including the 3M 3100 Modular Infusion System and the Graco Inc. Electronic Fluid Commander. See more positions Education University of Minnesota, Institute of Technology Degree Name Bachelor of Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1977 – 1981 Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Software See 1 endorsement for Embedded Software 1 Embedded Software Anne Mickelson has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 1 endorsement for Embedded Systems 1 Embedded Systems Anne Mickelson has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills C See 1 endorsement for C 1 C Anne Mickelson has given an endorsement for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 9 more View 9 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Robbi has 2 organizations 2 Expand organizations section Organizations Association of Computing Machinery IEEE Computer Society Interests International Technidyne Corporation 854 followers Embedded Systems Design 34,462 members Minnetronix, Inc. 2,831 followers IEEE Computer Society Members 43,181 members Aerotek 181,361 followers University of Minnesota-Twin Cities 283,301 followers See all See all following
More Actions Jordi has a account Jordi Parramon Director, Medical Devices Verily-Google Life Sciences Verily - Google Life Sciences Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona South San Francisco, California 500+ 500+ connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • Engineering leader with 18+ years of industry experience developing class III neuromodulation devices with experience at both start-up and large company environment. • Innovative: Authored or co-authored 50+ granted US patents and many pending patents in neuromod field, mostly pushing technology limits in miniaturizaiton, low-power and functionality.• Team builder: Built motivated and creative engineering teams, including off-shoring and captive.• Management: Twelve years total management experience, with recent orgs 80+.• Deep understanding of Spinal Cord and Deep Brain Stimulation technologies and business.• Experience with clincial research, Sr Mgmt - strategy, KOL/customer interfacing, External research partnerships, Class III manufacturing, regulatory strategy, etc. • Member of number of internal boards including strategic planning, IP, awards, medical and scientific advisory, etc.. • Extensive NBD exposure. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Director, Medical Devices Company Name Verily - Google Life Sciences Dates Employed Apr 2017 – Present Employment Duration 2 mos Location United States Director Of R&D, Electronics Company Name Boston Scientific Dates Employed Oct 2011 – Mar 2017 Employment Duration 5 yrs 6 mos Location Valencia, CA Four functional areas: Hardware systems, Firmware, ASIC design and Automatic Test Equipment.• Managing 80+ org overseeing Implants and Externals product and technology development; major product launches include Spectra, Novi and Montage for SCS and Vercise-PC for DBS, accounting for aprox $500M/year revenue.• Active participant of IP board, strategic planning, Medical Advisory Board and significant NBD involvement. Director of R&D, Implant HW and ASIC Company Name Boston Scientific Neuromodulation Dates Employed Dec 2007 – Oct 2011 Employment Duration 3 yrs 11 mos Location Valencia, CA Leading implant electronics design team • Managing 10+ org overseeing IC design plus Implant Electronics, focus on Spectra –world’s first 32 contact neurostim platform - including custom ASIC. Spectra had a $100M incremental revenue first year launch.• Technical talent development, IP portfolio, contributor to division strategic planning and technology roadmap Manager of R&D, Integrated Circuit design Company Name Boston Scientific Neuromodulation Dates Employed Oct 2004 – Dec 2007 Employment Duration 3 yrs 3 mos Location Valencia, CA Manager and technical lead the team developing custom mixed-mode ASICs for neuromod. Principal R&D Engineer, Integrated Circuit design Company Name Advanced Bionics Corporation Dates Employed Mar 2002 – Oct 2004 Employment Duration 2 yrs 8 mos Location Valencia, CA Lead IC designer on 2nd-gen bion IC and IPG. Architect of next-gen Spinal Cord Stimulator ASIC. See more positions Education Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona Degree Name PhD Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Grade Cum Laude Dates attended or expected graduation 1997 – 2002 Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona Degree Name MS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1996 – 1997 Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electrical Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 1992 – 1995 See more education Featured Skills & Endorsements ASIC See 35 endorsements for ASIC 35 ASIC Juan Carlos Montero Molina and 34 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Recommendations Received (1) Given (0) Matthew Haller CTO at RxSight April 16, 2009, Matthew managed Jordi directly Jordi worked for me for 9 years. He is truly an outstanding employee. His work ethic, talent, judgement, insight, innovation and attention to detail are all tremendous. After 5 years of working for me, I promoted Jordi to manager level. As a manager, he did an outstanding job restructuring his department and leading his people. He is an excellent recruiter and motivator. I give Jordi my highest possible recommendation. hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Jordi has 1 honor 1 Expand honors & awards section Honor & Award Misc info Jordi has 1 publication 1 Expand publications section Publication A micropower low-Noise neural recording front-End circuit for epileptic seizure detection Interests Brain Industry 2,556 members Medical Device Opportunity 201,545 members Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona 129,173 followers Pulse 1,535,242 followers Boston Scientific 218,222 followers Medical Devices Startups 53,915 members See all See all following
More Actions Yin has a account Yin Yu Experienced Embedded System Engineer at Medtronic Medtronic University of Saint Thomas Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area 339 339 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent A results-driven, customer-focused, detail-oriented, technical sophisticated Software/Firmware Engineer with extensive medical device and commercial industry experiences; strong in design and integration problem solving skills; experience covers the full life cycle of software design process, including requirement, design, implementation, validation and verification.Specialties: Embedded real-time software/firmware engineering; Wireless communication; Model-based systems and software engineering; Quality Assurance See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Experienced Embedded System Engineer Company Name Medtronic Dates Employed 2013 – Present Employment Duration 4 yrs Location Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Embedded System Firmware Engineer Company Name Datacard Group Dates Employed Sep 2012 – 2013 Employment Duration 1 yr Principal Software Engineer (Contractor) Company Name CareFusion Dates Employed Feb 2012 – Aug 2012 Employment Duration 7 mos Location Plymouth, MN Sr. Software Engineer Company Name Boston Scientific (Formerly Guidant) Dates Employed 2006 – 2012 Employment Duration 6 yrs Location St. Paul, MN Design and testing embedded software for FDA Class III implantable medical devices. Software Engineer Company Name Guidant Corp. Dates Employed 2005 – 2006 Employment Duration 1 yr Location St. Paul, MN Designed and developed automatic test suits that verified the interface between the LATITUDE communicator and the LATITUDE Server. See more positions Education University of Saint Thomas Degree Name MS Field Of Study Software Engineering Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications Degree Name BS Field Of Study Applied Physics Featured Skills & Endorsements Embedded Systems See 53 endorsements for Embedded Systems 53 Embedded Systems Endorsed by Rob Wehrli and 7 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 9 of Yin’s colleagues at Medtronic Click and drag to reorder skills Software Engineering See 47 endorsements for Software Engineering 47 Software Engineering Endorsed by 5 of Yin’s colleagues at Boston Scientific Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Software See 41 endorsements for Embedded Software 41 Embedded Software Endorsed by Rob Wehrli and 2 others who are highly skilled at this Endorsed by 8 of Yin’s colleagues at Medtronic Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (6) Given (2) Eric Hendrickson Electrical Engineering Manager at CareFusion August 30, 2012, Eric was senior to Yin but didn’t manage directly Yin is an intelligent and accomplished software engineer. She has demonstrated strong programming skills and flexibility in her work. Yin has delivered on code modifications with short turnaround times in a stressful environment. She is easy to work with, participates well in team efforts, and is a good communicator. I would certainly recommend Yin to anyone looking for an embedded software engineer. Florin Iucha Software Engineer at GE Transportation January 31, 2012, Yin worked with Florin in the same group Yin is a talented engineer -- she has a very keen eye for detail and is very thorough when implementing or verifying a solution. Yin shows lots of perseverance but knows when she needs to raise the problem to a bigger group. Yin took on the maintenance of an obscure but critical piece of test infrastructure and the development of some really subtle integration tests. Yin also managed very well the sometimes difficult interaction with other development groups. View 4 more recommendations View 4 more recommendations recommendations James Knutsen Embedded Systems Development & Management : Low Power Wireless | IoT | Industrial | Medical January 11, 2012, James worked with Yin in the same group I have worked with Jim in firmware development of a medical implantable device at Guidant and Boston Scientific. Jim was the primary design engineer for the Heart Sounds data collection feature, which was a very complex real-time data collection algorithm. During the course of the design and implementation of this feature, Jim demonstrated his extensive knowledge of firmware engineering, physiology and CRM domain, as well as his strong problem solving and technical skill. After successfully implemented the feature, Jim continually support the research team during the clinical study, provided his expertise on data collection and analysis, to ensure the smooth of the clinical trials.Jim has comprehensive knowledge on embedded system in general. He is an excellent technical resource for any design team; he also has strong communication and interpersonal skills. I highly recommend Jim for his outstanding engineering capabilities and interpersonal skills. Barbara Ruf Director, Corporate Quality, Management Controls at Zimmer Biomet January 10, 2012, Yin reported directly to Barbara I had the privilege to work for Barbara when she was the manager of the firmware design team, and later she became my mentor after she moved to another department in Guidant (Boston Scientific). Barbara is a smart, sophisticated manager and mentor; I found her enthusiasm and dedication both inspiring and motivating. As the manager of a firmware design team, Barbara has worked hard to build authentic relationships with the team members. Her efforts had created a happier and more productive team. As a mentor, Barbara was respectable and knowledgeable. She was willing to share her successful career stories, while at the same time being a good listener, and always provided constructive feedback to help my career growth. Accomplishments Yin has 2 languages 2 Expand languages section Languages Chinese English Interests Medtronic 410,909 followers BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING 28,865 members Firmware / Embedded Software 23,768 members Biomedical Engineer Jobs 31,767 members Embedded Systems Professionals 36,447 members The Medical Alley Association 16,049 members See all See all following
More Actions Metin Gokhan has a account Metin Gokhan Unal Senior Hardware Engineer At Arm ARM Orta Doğu Teknik Üniversitesi / Middle East Technical University Nottingham, United Kingdom 371 371 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Computer Hardware, Embedded Systems, FPGA, Digital Design, Image/Video Processing, Video Interfaces, Military InterfacesSpecialties: Computer Architecture, Verilog HDL design, VHDL Design, C#, C/C++, Python, Assembly programming, MIL-STD-1553 See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Hardware Engineer Company Name ARM Dates Employed May 2016 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Loughborough Hardware Engineer Company Name Apical Limited Dates Employed May 2015 – May 2016 Employment Duration 1 yr 1 mo Location Leicester, United Kingdom Specialist Hardware Design Engineer Company Name SDT Space And Defence Technologies Dates Employed May 2010 – May 2015 Employment Duration 5 yrs 1 mo Location Ankara, Turkey FPGA Design with Verilog/VHDL. FPGA System Design, Microblaze/NiosII Embedded Programming, Picoblaze Assembly Programming, Automated Test Software Programming(C#), EMI/EMC Tests. Education Orta Doğu Teknik Üniversitesi / Middle East Technical University Degree Name M.S. Field Of Study Aerospace Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2011 – 2018 TOBB Ekonomi ve Teknoloji Üniversitesi Degree Name BS Field Of Study Electronic Engineering Dates attended or expected graduation 2005 – 2009 Activities and Societies: ETU-IEEE, Outdoors Sports Club, Nevşehir Fen Lisesi Degree Name Highschool Diploma Field Of Study Science Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 Featured Skills & Endorsements FPGA See 24 endorsements for FPGA 24 FPGA Sue Handley Jones and 23 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills VHDL See 17 endorsements for VHDL 17 VHDL Özcan Yurt and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Embedded Systems See 17 endorsements for Embedded Systems 17 Embedded Systems Can Demirkesen and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 28 more View 28 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Metin Gokhan has 5 courses 5 Expand courses section Courses Computer Architecture Embedded Systems Microprocessors Photonics Software Programming Metin Gokhan has 1 certification 1 Expand certifications section Certification Fundamentals of Digital Image and Video Processing Metin Gokhan has 1 language 1 Expand languages section Language English Metin Gokhan has 1 test score 1 Expand test scores section Test Score TOEFL IBT Interests Texas Instruments 231,542 followers Tawazun Precision Industries 2,839 followers TOBB Ekonomi ve Teknoloji Üniversitesi 7,063 followers FPGA - Field Programmable Gate Array 33,126 members Jeff HadenJeff Haden is a LinkedIn Influencer Ghostwriter, Speaker, Inc. Magazine Contributing Editor 895,417 followers SDT Space And Defence Technologies 1,575 followers See all See all following
More Actions Michael has a account Michael Johanson Owner Central States Communications Des Moines, Iowa 8 8 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent Highlights Experience Owner Company Name Central States Communications Featured Skills & Endorsements Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Interests Pulse 1,535,244 followers
Share an article, photo, or update Write an article Image Post Sort by: Top Sort relevance dropdown button Jobs recommended for you Open options for {:entityName} post Job Title Staff Accountant Company Name The Blau & Berg Company Job Location Greater New York City Area Posted Date NaNy Job Title Staff Accountant & Analyst Company Name HL Group Job Location New York, New York Posted Date NaNy See more See more job recommendations Popular course you may be interested in Open options for {:entityName} post QuickBooks Pro 2012 Essential Training Play video QuickBooks Pro 2012 Essential Training 40,146 views Covers core QuickBooks features, from recording bookkeeping transactions to reconciling accounts and managing company files. See more courses People you may know Dr. James R. Martin Professor Emeritus Connect Connect Kanishka Suryavanshi Senior at EY Connect Connect Aman Nalavade Product @ Google, MBA @ MIT Connect Connect See more See more people you may know Recommended for you Open options for Pulse’s post LinkedIn Top Companies 2017: Where the world wants to work now LinkedIn Top Companies 2017: Where the world wants to work now Daniel Roth on LinkedIn 3,038 Likes 3,038 Likes 142 Comments 142 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share 1 new connection made in your network Divyansh Chaturvedi is now connected with: Khanh Le MBA Student Connect Connect with Khanh Le Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post New York City is the world’s most expensive place to build New York City is the world’s most expensive place to build businessinsider.com 349 Likes 349 Likes 13 Comments 13 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post Shares of Ascena, Ann Taylor’s Parent, Plunge After Profit Warning Shares of Ascena, Ann Taylor’s Parent, Plunge After Profit Warning wsj.com 16 Likes 16 Likes 3 Comments 3 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post The next looming battle in the tech world will be based around digital assistants The next looming battle in the tech world will be based around digital assistants recode.net 40 Likes 40 Likes 4 Comments 4 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post Express Scripts targets workers’ comp market with myMatrixx buy - St. Louis Business Journal Express Scripts targets workers’ comp market with myMatrixx buy - St. Louis Business Journal bizjournals.com 188 Likes 188 Likes 2 Comments 2 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Accounting industry Open options for Pulse’s post The Recruiter Told Me 'Your Standards Are Too High' The Recruiter Told Me 'Your Standards Are Too High' forbes.com 331 Likes 331 Likes 31 Comments 31 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post Creepy Or Cool? Twitter Is Tracking Where You've Been, What You Like And Is Telling Advertisers Creepy Or Cool? Twitter Is Tracking Where You've Been, What You Like And Is Telling Advertisers forbes.com 28 Likes 28 Likes 5 Comments 5 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post Google IO 2017 keynote live blog Google IO 2017 keynote live blog live.theverge.com 30 Likes 30 Likes 1 Comment 1 Comment Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post Amazon Faces Tough Fight Against Walgreens And CVS If It Enters Pharmacy Business Amazon Faces Tough Fight Against Walgreens And CVS If It Enters Pharmacy Business forbes.com 29 Likes 29 Likes Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Accounting industry Open options for Pulse’s post Calling on society to unite against dementia Calling on society to unite against dementia virgin.com 67 Likes 67 Likes 3 Comments 3 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post Google is adding Kotlin as an official programming language for Android development Google is adding Kotlin as an official programming language for Android development theverge.com 133 Likes 133 Likes 7 Comments 7 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post Brokers Giving Away Best Trade Ideas Leads to Unexpected Paydays Brokers Giving Away Best Trade Ideas Leads to Unexpected Paydays bloomberg.com 3 Likes 3 Likes Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post New Threats Fuel Fears of Another Global Cyberattack New Threats Fuel Fears of Another Global Cyberattack wsj.com 174 Likes 174 Likes 11 Comments 11 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post E.U. Fines Facebook $122 Million Over Disclosures in WhatsApp Deal E.U. Fines Facebook $122 Million Over Disclosures in WhatsApp Deal nytimes.com 165 Likes 165 Likes 13 Comments 13 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post How do I rent my property on Airbnb? How do I rent my property on Airbnb? telegraph.co.uk 31 Likes 31 Likes Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post Shake Shack CEO on What Life Has Been Like as a Publicly Traded Company Shake Shack CEO on What Life Has Been Like as a Publicly Traded Company thestreet.com 20 Likes 20 Likes Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Divyansh Chaturvedi likes this Open options for Pulse’s post An Open Letter to This Year’s Graduating Seniors An Open Letter to This Year’s Graduating Seniors T. Boone Pickens on LinkedIn 1,853 Likes 1,853 Likes 118 Comments 118 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post R/GA Moves Deeper Into Its Hybrid Model With a New Director of Brand and Marketing Strategy R/GA Moves Deeper Into Its Hybrid Model With a New Director of Brand and Marketing Strategy adweek.com 20 Likes 20 Likes 1 Comment 1 Comment Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post The 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy The 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy geekwire.com 113 Likes 113 Likes 5 Comments 5 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post Google I/O exclusive: Google to launch Google for Jobs to help Americans find work Google I/O exclusive: Google to launch Google for Jobs to help Americans find work usatoday.com 600 Likes 600 Likes 10 Comments 10 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post Dow sheds 370 points on Trump fears Dow sheds 370 points on Trump fears cnbc.com 57 Likes 57 Likes 11 Comments 11 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post Zomato: 17 million user records stolen from restaurant app Zomato: 17 million user records stolen from restaurant app money.cnn.com 15 Likes 15 Likes Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post Google says it is ‘rethinking all our products’ for the AI age Google says it is ‘rethinking all our products’ for the AI age ft.com 16 Likes 16 Likes 2 Comments 2 Comments Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share Trending in the Greater New York City Area Open options for Pulse’s post Trump’s first full education budget: Deep cuts to public school programs in pursuit of school choice Trump’s first full education budget: Deep cuts to public school programs in pursuit of school choice washingtonpost.com Like Like Pulse’s post Comment Comment on Pulse’s post Share Pulse’s post Share
More Actions Chris has a account Chris Wilson Field Service Engineer at Bio-Rad Laboratories Bio-Rad Laboratories Southern Illinois University, Carbondale Greater San Diego Area 161 161 connections Connect Pending Invitation Sent • A highly focused individual with proven leadership and qualifications. • Effective in client relations and communications and creative problem solving. • Self-starter who can manage multiple tasks while balancing competing interests.• Work effectively in an independent or in a team environment and in high-pressure situations. • Very detail-oriented, organized, and accurate. See moreSee more of undefined summary Highlights Experience Senior Field Service Engineer Company Name Bio-Rad Laboratories Dates Employed Nov 2005 – Present Employment Duration 11 yrs 7 mos Location San Diego Perform installations, repairs, and training on instrumentation for University's biomedical and biotechnologies companies. Instrumentation including Chromatography, PCR, Proteomics, gene expression, SPR and more. Instrumentations include laser and mechanical alignments, fiber optics, fluidics controls, high sensitivity cameras and CCD's focusing an alignments, I am responsible for maintaining 30 different instruments in the high demand Southern California and Hawaii regions. Senior Field Service Engineer Company Name Bio-Rad Laboratories Dates Employed 2005 – 2014 Employment Duration 9 yrs Field Service Engineer Company Name Sorrento Networks Dates Employed Jun 2001 – Jul 2005 Employment Duration 4 yrs 2 mos Dense Wave Divisional Multiplexing Optical Networks. Electronics Technician Company Name Raytheon Dates Employed Feb 1999 – Jun 2001 Employment Duration 2 yrs 5 mos Missile control system, air traffic control systems, Satellite control systems. Education Southern Illinois University, Carbondale Degree Name Bachelor of Science (BS) Field Of Study Electronics Systems Management Dates attended or expected graduation 2002 – 2005 US Navy Degree Name Technical Field Of Study Electronics Dates attended or expected graduation 1991 – 2001 Featured Skills & Endorsements Medical Devices See 20 endorsements for Medical Devices 20 Medical Devices Denise Hoppess and 19 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Biotechnology See 19 endorsements for Biotechnology 19 Biotechnology Denise Hoppess and 18 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills Life Sciences See 17 endorsements for Life Sciences 17 Life Sciences Lawrence Miles and 16 connections have given endorsements for this skill Click and drag to reorder skills View 15 more View 15 more skills Recommendations Received (0) Given (0) You haven’t received any recommendations hasn’t given any recommendations yet. Accomplishments Chris has 4 courses 4 Expand courses section Courses A&P licenced Avionics/Electronics school Certified Journeyman License: Electronics Mechanic FCC licenced. Interests Bio-Rad Laboratories 58,585 followers Southern Illinois University, Carbondale 131,647 followers BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING 28,865 members Pulse 1,535,244 followers Southern Illinois University, Carbondale 127,556 followers Field Service Engineers - Analytical Instrumentation 13,590 members See all See all following
